Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish CUPERTINO, California ― April 19, 2016 ― Apple® today updated MacBook® with the latest Intel processors, improved graphics performance, faster flash storage and an additional hour of battery life, making the thinnest and lightest Mac® better than ever. Featuring an all-metal unibody enclosure, MacBook is now available in four aluminum finishes — gold, silver, space gray, and for the first time on a Mac, a gorgeous rose gold. With a stunning 12-inch Retina® display, highly responsive full-size keyboard, Force Touch trackpad, versatile USB-C port and all-day battery life in a design that is just 2 pounds and 13.1 mm thin, MacBook is the future of the notebook.    “MacBook is the thinnest and lightest Mac we have ever made and it’s our vision for the future of the notebook,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Customers are going to love this update to MacBook, with the latest processors, faster graphics, faster flash storage, longer battery life and a beautiful rose gold finish.”   The updated MacBook features sixth-generation dual-core Intel Core M processors up to 1.3 GHz, with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz, and faster 1866 MHz memory. New Intel HD Graphics 515 deliver up to 25 percent faster graphics performance, and faster PCIe-based flash storage makes everyday tasks feel snappier — from launching apps to opening files.* And now with up to 10 hours of wireless web browsing and up to 11 hours of iTunes® movie playback, MacBook is the perfect notebook for all day, on-the-go computing.**   MacBook comes with the incredibly small and versatile USB-C port for charging, data transfer and video output in a single connector that is one-third the size of a traditional USB port. Following the introduction of USB-C on MacBook, the ecosystem of Apple and third-party USB-C accessories has continued to grow, giving users added flexibility and capability.   With no moving parts or vents, MacBook is entirely fanless for silent, efficient performance. Designed for the wireless world, MacBook is equipped with the latest wireless technologies, including built-in 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0 for fast wireless connectivity. It is perfect for tasks like streaming content from your MacBook to your Apple TV® using AirPlay®, exchanging files quickly using AirDrop® or using wireless headphones.    Apple also today made 8GB of memory standard across all configurations of the 13-inch MacBook Air®.   Every new Mac comes with OS X® El Capitan, the latest version of OS X that refines the Mac experience and improves system performance. El Capitan builds on the groundbreaking features and beautiful design of OS X Yosemite, with updates to window management, built-in apps and Spotlight® search, and performance improvements to make everyday activities — like launching and switching apps, opening PDFs and accessing email — faster and more responsive.   iMovie®, GarageBand® and the suite of iWork® apps come free with every new Mac. iMovie lets you easily create beautiful movies and you can use GarageBand to make music, or learn to play piano and guitar. The iWork suite of Pages®, Numbers® and Keynote® makes it easy to create, edit and share stunning documents, spreadsheets and presentations. Pages, Numbers and Keynote for iCloud® let you create a document on iPhone® or iPad®, edit it on your Mac and collaborate with friends, even if they are on a PC.   Pricing & Availability MacBook is available through Apple.com starting today, and in Apple’s retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers starting tomorrow. MacBook comes with a 1.1 GHz dual-core Intel Core m3 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 2.2 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage for $1,299 (US), and with a 1.2 GHz dual-core Intel Core m5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 2.7 GHz, 8GB of memory and 512GB of flash storage for $1,599 (US). Configure-to-order options include a 1.3 GHz dual-core Intel Core m7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz. Additional technical specifications and accessories are available online at www.apple.com/macbook.   *Testing conducted by Apple in April 2016 using preproduction MacBook configurations. For more information visit www.apple.com/macbook.   **The Wireless Web protocol testing was conducted by Apple in April 2016 using preproduction MacBook configurations. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. For more information visit www.apple.com/macbook.   Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.   Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171   Jennie Orphanopoulos Apple jennieo@apple.com (408) 783-0203   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Next PostNext FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Autonomous cars to spur new ‘passenger economy’ Autonomous cars to spur new ‘passenger economy’ Technology company Intel has revealed the findings from a new study that explores the yet-to-be-realised economic potential when today’s drivers become idle passengers. By: FE Bureau | Published: June 5, 2017 3:53 AM Intel study estimates the value of goods and services in the early years of the ‘passenger economy’ will be more than twice the size of the ‘sharing economy’ Technology company Intel has revealed the findings from a new study that explores the yet-to-be-realised economic potential when today’s drivers become idle passengers. Coined the ‘Passenger Economy’ by Intel and prepared by analyst firm Strategy Analytics, the study predicts an explosive economic trajectory growing from $800 billion in 2035 to $7 trillion by 2050. “Digital business models ushered in by personal computing, internet, ubiquitous connectivity and smartphones gave birth to whole new economies. Autonomous driving will do the same,” the report noted. “Companies must start thinking about their autonomous strategy,” said Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. “Less than a decade ago, no one was talking about the potential of a soon-to-emerge app or sharing economy because no one saw it coming. This is why we started the conversation around the passenger economy early, to wake people up to the opportunity streams that will emerge when cars become the most powerful mobile data generating devices we use and people swap driving for riding.” You may also like to watch: Key report highlights: – Business use of Mobility-as-a-Service (MaaS) is expected to generate $3 trillion in revenues, or 43% of passenger economy. – Consumer use of MaaS offerings is expected to account for $3.7 trillion in revenue, or 55% of total passenger economy. – $200 billion of revenue is expected to be generated from rising consumer use of innovative applications and services that will emerge as pilotless vehicle services evolve. – Conservatively, 585,000 lives can be saved due to self-driving vehicles in the era of passenger economy from 2035 to 2045. – Self-driving vehicles are expected to free more than 250 million hours of consumers’ commuting time per year in the most congested cities in the world. – Reductions in public safety costs related to traffic accidents could amount to more than $234 billion over the passenger economy era from 2035-2045. The future scenarios explored in the study include: Car-venience: From onboard salons to touchscreen tables for remote collaboration, fast-casual dining, remote vending, mobile health clinics and treatment pods, and platooning pod hotels, vehicles will become transportation experience pods. Movable movies: Media and content producers will develop custom content formats to match short and long travel times. Location-based advertising: It will become more keenly relevant, and advertisers will be presented with a new realm of possibilities for content brands & location. Mobility-as-a-perk: Employers, offices, apartments, universities and housing estates will offer MaaS to add value to and distinguish their offer from competitors or as part of their compensation package. The full report is available here: http://goo.gl/jqAdti No Comments. Don't Miss After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed by security forces after militants attack CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh: 22 dead, several injured after bus collides with truck on Bareilly national highway Reliance Jio aggravated Reliance Communications trouble, but government did everyone in; here's how Talent development: Now possible to envision human and digital tech in a new equation of 1+1=11 Hyperx Cloud Revolver S priced at Rs 12,999 is ideal for serious gamers; here's why Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts 59 Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Comments Features Event Coverage TechSpot Best of Computex 2017 By Steven Walton on June 4, 2017 ... Computex is the third major show we attend this year, and it looks like it's here to remind us about all the innovation and work happening in the hardcore computing arena. After all, while mainstream PC sales have stagnated, the segment occupied by computer enthusiasts, gamers, and e-sports has continued to flourish. While CES is simply immense, covering anything from consumer appliances to car tech and everything in-between, and MWC is dedicated to mobile technology and smartphones, Computex is PC power user haven. That notion was fueled this year thanks to AMD's comeback and Intel's announcements to counter those moves. But along with them, there were dozens of relevant announcements during the show (see our Computex 2017 coverage). Now as usual, here's the shortlist of products that caught our attention the most while touring Computex 2017's show floor. Asrock X299-ITX/ac One of the most surprising finds for me at Computex 2017 was Asrock's upcoming Mini-ITX motherboard for Intel Core X processors using that rather large LGA2066 socket. I was on the hunt for a Mini-ITX Ryzen board and instead found this and I have to say it’s a bit of a masterpiece. Despite its small size, the X299-ITX/ac does a really good job of taking full advantage of Intel's X299 platform. Naturally you have support for the Core i9-7980XE, if dropping $2000 on a CPU is a reality for you, quad-channel DDR4 memory via four SO-DIMM slots, three PCIe 3.0 x4 M.2 slots along with the more standard stuff for a small form factor board such as Wi-Fi. Quad-channel memory support is an amazing feat considering the company's X99 model was limited to dual-channel. Not only that but including the kind of VRM required to support 165-watt CPUs on such a small motherboard is an impressive engineering achievement in itself. Gigabyte X399 Aorus Gaming 7 I was really keen to check out AMD X399 boards and there were plenty on display. The Gigabyte X399 Aorus Gaming 7 was the one that stole the show for me. AMD’s Threadripper CPUs support quad-channel memory, so on either side of the massive CPU socket we find four banks of DIMM slots. The DIMMs feature steel reinforcing along with embedded RGB lighting. There are three M.2 slots and one of them is hidden under the chipset heatsink. So Gigabyte has created something similar to MSI’s M.2 Shield, though hopefully this works a little better and it certainly looks like it will. Audio is provided by the Realtek ALC 1220 codec and wired LAN via an embedded Killer E2500 network controller. The CPU will be powered by an 8 plus 4-pin connector, or at least the extra 4-pin will be optional. The demo board on display only featured a 6-phase VRM, but Gigabyte did state that the production model would have an 8-phase Vcore VRM using sporting International Rectifier 3553 MOSFETs, with an IR 35201 for the voltage controller. The board has five PCI-Express x16 slots and an array of OC buttons as well as a diagnostic POST LED. Since X399 will bring support of up-to 64 PCIe Gen3 lanes bringing anything and everything multi-GPU support multi-GPU into play, including full-on quad GPU support, Gigabyte has designed the X399 Aorus Gaming 7 with that in mind. Threadripper will likely see its official announcement late June, with a tentative release date on August 10th. Cooler Master MasterCase H500P This is without question one of the most unique looking computer cases I’ve seen in a very long time. I came to Cooler Master's booth to check out the new Cosmos C700P, however I came across the MasterCase H500P and loved it. This is the latest installment in the HAF (High-Airflow) series. The design manages to be aggressive but also clean and elegant at the same time. The tempered glass side panels and RGB LED lighting help give it some flare as well. Crammed at the front of the case are two 200mm fans which are again RGB lit. They can force a huge amount of air through the case and I really like how they are visible through the front window. Cooler Master has done a good job of showing the cooling off without inhibiting its ability to work efficiently. A clean build can be easily achieved with the help of a two-part PSU cover and several additional covers at the front and backside of the MB tray. The H500P should be available later this year, around September, and should retail for just $140. Corsair Concept Zeus Currently I'm using the Logitech G900, which is great for playing games wirelessly, performance is excellent and certainly lag free. Unfortunately it doesn’t last more than a few days before the cable is required for charging, it’s not a big deal but I do need to make sure the cable is handy at all times. Corsair has set out to solve this minor inconvenience and in doing so attack a few other issues as well. Essentially what they have done is create a Qi charging mousepad, so you can charge your mouse by leaving it on the mouse pad. Additionally, the mouse pad can charge your phone while you’re at the PC. For phones that don’t support Qi wireless charging Corsair has developed a Lightning and micro-USB charging dongle. Corsair says this is still a working concept, not even reaching the prototype phase yet. That said, what they demoed worked well and looked like a complete product to me. The complete mouse specs haven’t been released though Corsair told me they're aiming for a 36 hour run time from a single charge. Intel Core i7-7820X The 8-core/16-thread Core i7-7820X will come in at $600. That means we are seeing a notable 40% reduction in price when compared to the 10-core model and just a 20% reduction in core assets. At that price the 7820X will come in 20% more expensive than AMD’s Ryzen 7 1800X, so it will be interesting to learn how the two compare. It comes clocked at 3.6 GHz for all cores but can boost as high as 4.5 GHz, a higher clock speed than what Ryzen can currently achieve. Intel has rated the CPU with a 140 watt TDP. When compared to the Core i9 models which offer 44 PCIe lanes, the 7820X is limited to 28, though this is still plenty for most power users. We anticipate this new 8-core model should be the perfect option for enthusiasts and power users alike. Nvidia Max-Q Design = Thinner gaming laptops Ever since Pascal debuted we started to see slimmer designs on true gaming-capable laptops, most of them powered by the GTX 1060. So while huge and not-very-mobile devices have its place, most gamers will likely be pleased with something more portable to be carried on a daily basis. According to Nvidia’s CEO, Max-Q design will make future machines three times thinner and three times faster than what we have today. Big claim. Nevertheless, backing up Jen-Hsun Huang's words, several laptop manufacturers are readying their first wave of Max-Q laptops to debut as soon as late June. Vendors include Acer, Alienware, Asus, Clevo, Gigabyte, Hasee, HP, Lenovo, Maingear, MSI, Origin PC, Sager, Scan and XoticPC. Various parts of the laptops are optimized and refined through Max-Q, such as its overall design, chips, game drivers, thermal and electrical components, and Pascal-based GPUs. So, expect super-slim, power-efficient laptops with GTX 1060, GTX 1070, and GTX 1080 cards that perform better without overheating. Huang demonstrated a Max-Q laptop, the Asus Rog Zephyrus, powered by a GTX 1080 using a slim 5-pound body. Certainly looking forward to it. MSI Lightning Z GTX 1080 Ti MSI’s Lightning range is one of my favorite graphics cards series. The previous GTX 980 Ti and R9 290X models were particularly good, however unless you were building a black and yellow themed rig they did look out of place. This time around MSI has gone with a more neutral black, white and silver theme. As you might have guessed providing the bling is a plethora of RGB lighting, though MSI has done a nice job here. Using translucent plastic to carry the light from the source, it provides a really sleek effect, similar to how G.Skill’s RGB memory looks. Fancy lighting aside the GTX 1080 Ti Lightning Z looks to be the real deal. Strapped onto the PCB is a bulky 2.5 slot cooler with triple Torx 2.0 fans. The fans force air over two massive arrays of aluminum fins which are connected using over half a dozen copper heatpipes. Flipping the card over we find a beautifully crafted backplate featuring some cool looking cut-outs and a good peak at that translucent acrylic strip for the RGB lighting. MSI has gone with a 14+3 power phase design and a double up design which helps to spread the thermal load. Onboard MSI uses International Rectifier controllers and advertises a board TDP of 350 watts which is 100 watts above Nvidia’s reference spec. The card carries three PCIe 8-pin connectors, each capable of delivering up to 150 watts of power, so that’s pretty insane. The Lightning Z supports three clock profiles. Out of the box the card runs in the Gaming mode (slightly overclocked), but there's also silent and Lighting which takes it to more extreme clock speeds. Around the I/O end, connectivity includes dual link DVI outputs, dual HDMI 2.0 outputs and two DisplayPorts. There’s no official word on availability or pricing yet, but MSI tells us to expect more details in the coming month. Asus ROG Strix XG32VQ The most impressive gaming monitor on display was the Asus ROG Strix XG32VQ, a gorgeous looking 31.5” curved IPS panel. The display is curved on an 1800R radius for a better view of the far edges and corners. As this is an IPS panel view angles are great offering 178° so the picture quality is preserved even if the viewer is not facing the screen dead on. Resolution-wise, we are looking at WQHD 2560x1440 and Asus says they have prioritized performance over pixel density, so this is a 144Hz panel. Inputs include dual DisplayPort 1.2 ports and one HDMI 2.0 port. Also included are a pair of USB 3.0 ports. Asus believes given its size and flexibility, it’s easy to see the Strix XG32VQ replacing a traditional TV in dorm rooms and small apartments, especially for cord cutters addicted to streaming Netflix, YouTube, and Twitch. AMD Ryzen 9 "Threadripper" CPU AMD is hard at work on a new line of CPUs that will bring its Zen architecture to the high-end desktop market. From 10-core (20-thread) chips working at 125W TDPs, all the way up to the crowning jewel of AMD’s upcoming enthusiast lineup: the Ryzen 9 1998 and 1998X, 16-core / 32-thread monsters with a base / boost clock of 3.2GHz / 3.6GHz and 3.5GHz / 3.9GHz, respectively, and 155W TDPs. All Ryzen Threadripper CPUs will have quad channel DDR4 support as well as the full 64 PCIe Gen3 lanes. That is 20 more lanes than Intel’s highest end Skylake-X Core i9 processors and incredibly 40 more lanes than its 8-core and 6 core Core i7 models. So AMD has Intel against the ropes when it comes to PCI Express lanes, those X399 motherboards are going to be quite incredible. Now, if all these multi-threaded talk doesn't excite you, how about AMD putting more pressure to Intel to take them out of their comfort zone. Also, more affordable Ryzen 7 processors. Woot! Image credit: PC Gamer Thermaltake Level 20 This beautiful creation is a concept chassis that Thermaltake has been working on for a very long time. The case looks like it'd lend itself well to a modular type design, almost like a Lego block PC, but Thermaltake was not sharing full details at the show. What they did say is that each chamber is designed to house different hardware. For example, at the front of the case you can install radiators, fans, pumps and reservoirs like Thermaltake have in this demo build, or you could simply fill it with storage drives. Then up the top we obviously have the power supply and this module also houses all the front I/O. Finally, we have the largest module which houses the motherboard, graphics card, and so on. The glass panels all open on hinges and this provides easy access to the hardware inside. I have to say coming from the Level 10's unique but also highly impractical design, the Level 20 not only looks better but I feel like this is a case you could easily live with. MSI GT75VR Titan MSI had plenty of new gaming laptops on display at Computex this year, and the GT75VR Titan was the biggest and beefiest of them. This high-end laptop can be configured in one of three ways: a single GTX 1080, dual GTX 1070 SLI, or just a single GTX 1070. Helping unleash all that GPU power is the Core i7-7820HK processor and that’s one of the most powerful Kaby Lake-H CPUs available right now. The GT75VR Titan also sports a mechanical keyboard with customizable per-key RGB lighting. This keyboard is the first mechanical type to be designed specifically for a gaming laptop. The previous GT80 Titan, for example, was a 18.4-inch monster using a mechanical keyboard that was essentially designed for desktop use. The new Titan is considerably more portable with a 17” footprint and a low-profile tactile keyboard. The keyboard was designed by SteelSeries and I have to say despite the low profile, the feedback is excellent. Complementing the new keyboard is a really nice palm rest that has a diamond-shaped cut around the offset arrow keys. This is a softer material than the hard plastic or brush aluminum that most gamers are used to. MSI tells me there will be multiple 17.3” screen options. The base model is a 1080p TN panel supporting a 120Hz refresh rate, but if you go for the GTX 1080 option or even the dual 1070’s then perhaps the 4K option with 100% Adobe RBG coverage will be the way to go. If you prefer, a 1080p IPS version will be offered as well though not many details were given about that config. The Titan is designed to be a full-on desktop replacement with space for up to 64GB DDR4 RAM, a 2.5-inch HDD and two NVMe M.2 SSDs. Everything mentioned so far is great, but what ultimately caught my eye was the stuff inside. MSI was keen to show us their new Cooler Boost 5 solution which allows the laptop's CPU to overclock all the way to 4GHz. The system combines two Whirlwind Blade fans with 12 heat pipes and four ventilation points. Pricing info is yet unknown for the various configurations, but you can bet they won’t be cheap. Read This Next... - TechSpot's full coverage of Computex 2017 - Memorable Overclocking-Friendly CPUs - The best CPUs you can buy right now For lighter reading... - 5 Great Chrome Extensions You Should Install - The 10 Most Anticipated PC Games of 2017 3 comments 59 interactions Back to TechSpot Tips & Tricks Android Performance Tips and Tweaks Tips & Tricks Useful or Little Known Android Features Windows 5 Ways to Access a Locked Windows Account Software 5 Days of Awesome Wallpapers: Retro Wallpapers Tips & Tricks 5 Great Chrome Extensions You Should Install User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load comments… Discuss 42 Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement 13 PlayStation 3 officially slips into its twilight years as Sony Japan ships last PS3 console 10 Xbox Game Pass launches for Gold members today 8 EA publishes trailer for 'Need for Speed Payback,' coming this holiday season 43 Galaxy Note 7: The death of a smartphone Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers Microwaves Vacuum Cleaners Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Top Radar Detectors Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Top DSLR Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Sports & Outdoors Camping Gear Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Top Chef Knives Coolest Gadgets Cool Furniture Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Desktop Computers ▸ Gaming PC Reviews ▸ Best Gaming Computer Processor Gaming PCs Best Gaming Computer Processor Bobby Bernstein Updated April 24, 2017 Shares Find the right gaming computer processor to match your needs. The most essential element of a custom PC build is buying the best gaming computer processor on the market today.  You know, the little piece of hardware that drives every application you’ll run, every game you’ll play, and everything else you can do on your PC. Moreover, building your own gaming PC is always the best route to go when you’re looking to get the best bang for your buck. Sure, you could go to some big box retailer, pick something off of the shelf, go home and play most games. But, the problem with doing that is that you’re spending a great deal more compared to if you were to build your own rig. So with that in mind, don’t spare too little expense on a best gaming computer processor. With computer hardware, it’s typically true that you get what you pay for. Here are Gadget Review’s top picks for the best gaming computer processors currently available. Best Gaming Computer Processor 2016 #1 Pick  Intel Core i7-6700K The Intel Core i7-6700K is the top-of-the-line option. Price: $344.99 | Speed: 4 GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Instant on technology, highest performing Intel i7 processor Intel’s 6th Generation Intel Core processors have finally arrived, and the Intel Core i7-6700K is the top-notch option for those who want to spare no expense. It offers blazing fast speeds and comes packed with useful features that will take your PC gaming to the next level. Not only will it play any high-end game you throw at it, it’ll also run any 3D game in the highest resolution available, offering better details and faster frame rates. In fact, Intel claims it’s 30X better 3D graphics than a five year old PC. What’s more, the card features Instant On technology that allows your PC to resume full functionality in under 0.5 seconds. It has 4 cores, and it supports up to 64GB of memory. The processor also has 8MB Intel Smart Cache. It runs quietly and it’s easily cooled, so you don’t have to worry about having a loud PC or frame rate drops. I’ll note that this processor can be overclocked easily to 4.5 GHz if you’ve got the proper power supply to do so, although Intel recommends going no higher than 4.2GHz. Still, it’s the best gaming Intel processor available, which is why three out of our five best gaming PCs 2016 use the i7-6700K. View on Amazon #2 Pick  AMD Octa-core FX 9590 Price: $228.76 | Speed: 4.7GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: AMD’s most powerful card can be overclocked to a whopping 5.0GHz. The AMD Octa-core FX-9590 is AMD’s best option, so if you plan on building an AMD build — which I personally have, myself — you won’t find a better option than this. In fact, when I’m looking for the best gaming computer parts, I typically start with AMD because of their significant savings. Without any overclocking or tweaks, the FX-9590 pushes out an impressive 4.7 GHz, and it comes in at under $250 ($228 at the time of writing this). If there were an official measurement of cost/speed, the 9590 would be the best option. Most notably, you can push this card to 5.0GHz using AMD’s own tools, and you can likely take it a step further if you’re feeling risky (although, I have not personally tried). Unfortunately, AMD gets a bad wrap in the gaming computer, and is often looked down upon by elitists, so great AMD options often get overlooked. But, the FX-9590 is getting rave reviews, with many praising the speed you’re getting for the cost. It offers a full eight cores to deliver impressive performance by the most demanding games, allowing for those who seek ultra-high resolutions to achieve their goal with ease (and without breaking the bank). Note: AMD has a compatible list of motherboards that will work with this powerful gaming processor, and for now, it’s relatively short when compared to a high-end Intel card. Before purchasing, make sure you can get a motherboard that works with it (as you should always do when building your own rig). View on Amazon #3 Pick  Intel Core i5-6500 You won’t beat an i5-6500 for $200. Price: $199.99 | Speed: 3.20GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Best gaming CPU under $200. If you are planning to go the budget route, the Intel Core i5-6500 is the best gaming computer processor under $200 on the market. It runs cooler than the previous generation of i5 processors, and it consumes less power. Admittedly, you’re not gaining a major performance boost if you already own a previous generation i5 processor, but you don’t really need one (and there is a slight boost in power). It has a 3.2GHz processing speed out of the box, and it can be boosted to up to 3.6GHz safely, without worrying about damaging your PC. It has four cores, and it automatically allocates processor power to the applications that need it the most, making it incredibly efficient in its use of those four cores. It has a 6MB Intel Smart Cache. View on Amazon #4 Pick  AMD FX-8320 Black Edition Don’t let AMD’s past dictate your opinion; their 8 core processors are incredible, and much cheaper than Intel counterparts. Price: $131 | Speed: 3.5GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Best processor under $150. Can be overclocked to 4.0GHz, and you can buy it with a 256GB SSD for just $75 more. Need power and not too much cost? The AMD FX-8320 Black Edition is a great choice if you’re building an AMD-based build. It uses 125W of power, but it uses that power well. What makes it so appealing is its price. At under $150, it’s a price that any PC builder on a budget can swallow. It can handle running numerous apps at one time, and your multitasking could certainly use a powerful processor like this one. With a full eight cores (that’s right, eight cores for under $150), you can reach up to 4.0GHz safely (although, I’ve read reports of those overclocking to 4.2GHz without any issues). I will note that the stock cooling “solutions” that come with it aren’t really up to par, and you should probably pick up a better CPU cooler if you want this thing to run as best as possible. View on Amazon – $199 #5 Pick  Intel Core i7-4790 Price: $305 | Speed: 3.6GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: A great i7 option that comes in at $40 cheaper than its successors. If you’re looking to save a buck or two on an Intel i7 CPU, your best option is the Intel Core i7-4790. Sure, you’re not getting all of the bells and whistles that the 6700K has, but you’re still getting a high-end gaming computer processor that can stand up to most everything you throw at it. You can’t overclock it, at least there aren’t any tools offered by Intel, themselves, to overclock it. So if you’re looking to really push your PC to the limits, you might want to consider the 6700K above. But if price is more important to you than squeezing out every last ounce of speed, the i7-4790 is a good choice. It’s compatible with Z87 and Z97 motherboards. View on Amazon – $305 Key Factors and Features to a Good Gaming Computer Processor Price: One of the most important factors to consider when buying a gaming computer processor are its price. For price, you’re going to want to consider what is included versus what isn’t included, whether you’re going to need a different cooling option or if the stock one works well enough.  To that end, if a processor has exceeded its typical refresh cycle, you might be best to wait as pricing will go down for that model or a new one will appear. Games You Plan to Play: If you plan to play games like Hearthstone or CS:Go or League of Legends, you’re definitely not going to need to purchase the top-notch, best-of-the-best gaming processor. Instead, you’re going to want to go for the budget option that might not be as fast, but it’ll still run those games at full speed. Conversely, if you plan to play Battlefield 1 on ultra settings when it comes out, or The Witcher 3 without sacrificing graphical fidelity, you’re going to want to purchase the absolute best. Motherboard Cost: When you buy a CPU, you also need to buy a motherboard that will allow you to use that specific CPU (and the newer the CPU, the harder the time you’ll have finding a motherboard to match it). More importantly, if you don’t already have a motherboard that will allow you to use the CPU you want, you’ll have to buy a motherboard with it. So even if the CPU you want is a great price, how much is a motherboard to go along with it? Mistakes to Avoid Avoiding AMD: Avoiding AMD would be a grave mistake. PC gamers tend to shy away from AMD based on its initial run of high-end processors, but they’ve come a long way over the past five years, and they’re now a much more formidable foe for Intel. Cheaping Out: Paying more now might save you in the long run. CPUs are a fast-evolving technology, and new processors are introduced every couple of years, at least. So if you buy a top-notch CPU right now, you won’t need to upgrade again for a few years. However, if you buy a middling CPU, you’re going to have to pay again to upgrade sooner. Which Gaming Processor is Right For You This list includes a fairly wide spectrum of prices. For some, it’ll come down to price per power. It all depends on what you have in your PC already, or if you’re building a fresh new build and will need to purchase other things to go along with it (like a better cooler, a completely new motherboard, etc). There are other factors to consider when looking to speed up your PC so that it will run the latest games, but you should always start with the processor and motherboard combination that best fits your budget and the types of games you intend to play. Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Bobby Bernstein Owner Nerdmuch, who believes the Back to the Future is the greatest trilogy ever made. Sponsored Content Related Posts Dell XPS 600 Renegade goes for sale How to Build Your Next Gaming PC Telson Multimedia PC Rocks 3D Screen and 3D Camera Alienware Area-51 750i: An Affordable High End Gaming Rig Alienware’s Alpha Console Nudges PC Gamers to the Living Room Gadgets At A Glance: Acer Predator GT7700 Desktop Gaming Computer 2 Comments to Best Gaming Computer Processor Richard Schleh on My store bought gaming computer works good, but why does it pause almost ever 20 minutes. It does not do this on the older games, but has a problem on the newer gaming platforms. Reply Suriya on I Do Think Now and Always “The Best Sequal” Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,842 Fans 13,841 Subscribers 11,385 Followers Gaming PC Reviews Best Gaming Laptop 2017 Valve's Steam Link Streams Your PC Games on Your TV Best Gaming PC 2017 How to Build a Gaming Computer In Win H-Frame Aluminum Computer Case - Flux Capacitor Not Included 14 Steam Machines Are Here, but Which One is for You? (list/comparison) Alienware's Alpha Console Nudges PC Gamers to the Living Room Alienware X51 Battlefield 3 PC Case Mod Features Chain Gun and Drinks Fridge HP Pavilion HPE Phoenix H9 Gaming PC Review The ROG CG6190: Asus' Intel Core i7 Gaming Rig Gadgets At A Glance: HP Firebird PC 803 BFG Tech Unveils High End 'Phobos' Gaming Computers With 8-inch Touchscreen LCD Telson Multimedia PC Rocks 3D Screen and 3D Camera Alienware Area-51 750i: An Affordable High End Gaming Rig Gateway Intros Two New FX Gaming Rigs: The FX6800-01e & FX6800-05 Custom Computers for Serious Bank Dell XPS 600 Renegade goes for sale Gadgets At A Glance: Acer Predator GT7700 Desktop Gaming Computer Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Membership Sponsor RSS → WWDC Hardware  June 4, 2017June 4, 2017 ⌘ Permalink WWDC has been, for most of its run, a software show. Numerous new versions of macOS have first appeared there over the years, and summer iOS announcements settled into place once the iPhone 4S introduced the era of fall iPhone hardware releases. That’s not to say Apple has not done hardware at WWDC since. However, hardware releases at the conference need to either serve the software story, or fit with the developer-heavy audience. Examples of the former are hard to come by in the modern age. My favorite example from before the iPhone 4S-inspired calendar shift may be the Intel Developer Transition Kit, which prepared developers for the transition from PowerPC to Intel processors. It was introduced as part of the Intel announcement at WWDC 2005, and Intel Macs started rolling out just a handful of months later. The biggest hardware announcement at WWDC in the recent era has to be the original MacBook Pro with Retina display. It checked both boxes; software developers had to prepare their Mac apps, and the hardware was well-suited to power users. That brings us to tomorrow’s keynote. There are rumors of refreshed MacBook Pros, which would please power users who have felt neglected in recent years. That always-rumored-but-never-released 10.5″ iPad Pro would be a great way to showcase new iOS 11 iPad goodies, and appeal to the pro iPad users in the crowd. Then there’s the Siri Speaker. The timing of this is very interesting to me. Apple could pre-announce it at WWDC, and ship it in the coming weeks or months. If it comes with SiriKit support, and if Apple expands that in iOS 11, does it make sense to launch it now with SiriKit being limited to such a small handful of app categories in iOS 10?1 Rumors say that the thing may already be in production. If that’s true, I expect the initial emphasis won’t be on apps as much as it is on things like Apple Music and overall sound quality. That may help keep the Siri Speaker out of the same “what is this supposed to do for me” rut that the Apple Watch fell into after launch. If Apple announces the Siri Speaker, regardless of a ship date, it would mark the return of meaningful hardware announcements to the WWDC stage. That is always fun. I’ve been thinking a lot about the Siri Speaker being like the Apple Watch: tethered to a single iPhone where the real computing happens. I can see why Apple would do that. It would let SiriKit apps run as extensions (again, like the Watch) without much configuration needed by the user. However, these devices are best used in a place like the kitchen, where multiple user support is important. Amazon isn’t doing anything there, and Google has just really dipped its toe in the water. What if the Siri Speaker could know who is talking, and load up the right stuff based on voice? App extensions from a single iPhone wouldn’t scale to something like that. I’m probably being too hopeful. ↩ Post navigation ← Previous Post RSS Sponsor: Balance Balance is a powerful menubar app for your money built by a team from Apple, Stripe and Ethereum. It was featured in the U.S. Mac App Store when it launched in February.     Become a Member I've been writing here for almost nine years, but the next decade of 512 Pixels requires your support. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. YouTube | Apple History |Archive | Contact Manage your account. copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital Investment Advisors LLC Sells 46 Shares of Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Stake Increased by BLB&B Advisors LLC Courier Capital LLC Has $2.12 Million Stake in Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) AbbVie Inc (ABBV) is Beech Hill Advisors Inc.’s 4th Largest Position 20,184 Shares in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Acquired by Pinnacle Bank Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by Regent Investment Management LLC Hartford Financial Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Patten & Patten Inc. TN Has $1.34 Million Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund Has $49.44 Million Position in Visa Inc (V) AT&T Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (T) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Position Held by Bank of Montreal Can Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $24.28 Million Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Bank of Montreal Can Reduces Position in NV5 Global Inc (NVEE) Farmers Trust Co. Boosts Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Stake Reduced by Bank of Montreal Can Berson & Corrado Investment Advisors LLC Has $353,000 Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Stake Boosted by Bridges Investment Management Inc. Teachers Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Citi Trends, Inc. (CTRN) Stake Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by Regent Investment Management LLC June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Regent Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 11.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 37,723 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 3,745 shares during the period. Regent Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Intel were worth $1,360,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Sfmg LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel by 0.6% in the third quarter. Sfmg LLC now owns 6,354 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $240,000 after buying an additional 35 shares in the last quarter. Cordasco Financial Network raised its stake in shares of Intel by 0.7% in the first quarter. Cordasco Financial Network now owns 5,699 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 38 shares in the last quarter. Hodges Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Intel by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Hodges Capital Management Inc. now owns 16,350 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $593,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in shares of Intel by 0.4% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 12,607 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $455,000 after buying an additional 51 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sheets Smith Wealth Management raised its stake in shares of Intel by 0.5% in the third quarter. Sheets Smith Wealth Management now owns 17,445 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $659,000 after buying an additional 93 shares in the last quarter. 65.90% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Intel Co. (INTC) opened at 36.32 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $171.03 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.72 and a beta of 1.03. Intel Co. has a 52-week low of $30.44 and a 52-week high of $38.45. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $36.14 and its 200 day moving average price is $36.05. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The firm had revenue of $14.80 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $14.80 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.54 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Intel Co. will post $2.86 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th were issued a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This is an increase from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.00%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, May 3rd. Intel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 49.29%. WARNING: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/intel-co-intc-shares-bought-by-regent-investment-management-llc.html. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on INTC. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Intel in a research report on Saturday. Vetr lowered Intel from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.43 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised Intel from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $40.00 target price on shares of Intel in a research report on Monday, May 15th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a $30.00 target price on shares of Intel in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and twenty-seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $40.39. In other Intel news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 549,091 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Stacy J. Smith sold 29,497 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, April 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.28, for a total value of $1,070,151.16. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 318,654 shares in the company, valued at $11,560,767.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 119,993 shares of company stock worth $4,276,027 over the last 90 days. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App हिन्दी Home » News » Digital » Use of Tech to make ICC Champions Trophy 2017 interesting Use of Tech to make ICC Champions Trophy 2017 interesting By: The Mobile Indian network, The Mobile Indian, New Delhi Last updated : Wednesday, May 31, 2017 - 11:25 Solutions from Intel that will be used during the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 are a drone, profiling the bat swing and bringing a cricket VR experience to the fans at the stadiums. International Cricket Council (ICC) Champions Trophy 2017, is just around the corner and the most awaited match, India vs. Pakistan, is on 4 June.  To enhance the tournament experience for fans, players and broadcasters using data, analytics and visualisation Intel has come up with a couple of Innovations which will be showcased from June 1.   Solutions from Intel that will be utilised during the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 are a drone, profiling the bat swing and bringing a cricket VR experience to the fans at the stadiums. Sandra Lopez, Vice President,  Intel Sports said,  “Our goal is to lead the way forward into the digitisation and personalization of sports, transforming the way fans and athletes experience sports.” Lopez added.   Drones The Intel Falcon 8 Drone, equipped with HD and infrared cameras will be used for advanced pitch analysis before every match. Images captured by the drone will offer visual data on pitch conditions such as grass cover, grass health, and topology, which will be used to generate daily pitch reports leveraged by commentators during broadcasts.   Bat Sensor This one is a new solution. In this, a sensor powered by the Intel Curie technology that can be mounted on any cricket bat to generate data for every stroke that the batsman plays. With this technology, parameters like back-lift, bat speed and follow-through can be tracked for every cricket stroke. Former English Captain turned commentator, Nasser Hussain, said “ technology has and will continue to impact cricket in a lot of ways positively. Player performance, Game strategy, adjudication and fan experiences will all change with the introduction of new technologies to the sport.”   Virtual Reality At the stadium,   Intel is also creating Virtual Reality (VR) experience zones for spectators as well players. Using a head-mounted display (HMD), the player will be able to test his or her batting skill against a virtual bowler.   Intel ICC 2017 First Published : Wednesday, May 31, 2017 - 11:07 Advertisement Similar News Top 5 Smartphones under Rs 25000: May 2017 Travelling to Indian airports, Avoid Reliance Jio Nikon launched Coolpix W300, claims to be freeze and shock proof Will Essential smartphone be launched in India? Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone revealed: Price, features, specifications and more Flipkart Summer Shopping Days Sale: Top deals on smartphones, iPads, tablets and more Advertisement Hot Trend on TMI Uber adds thank you feature to its app Flipkart Summer Shopping Days Sale: Top deals on smartphones, iPads, tablets and more Facebook inks video content deal with BuzFeed, Vox and others: Report Samsung to unveil new stretchable display Paytm Payments Bank launched in India, offers 4 percent annual interest rate and more Don’t ‘WannaCry’? Here’s everything you need to know about ransomware attack Advertisement Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Google Plus Youtube How To on TMI How to find your lost smartphone in India How to enable YouTube's built-in Dark Mode How to use your Android smartphone camera as webcam How to bring back the old WhatsApp Messenger: Step-by-Step Guide How to enable Google Assistant on your Android smartphone Latest on TMI 01 Exclusive: Yu Yureka Black to get Android 7.1.2 Nougat update immediately after its availability 02 Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 expected to launch in India on June 13 03 OnePlus 5 latest leaks reveal dual-camera setup and 3300mAh battery 04 Uber adds thank you feature to its app 05 Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 to receive Android O update: Report The Mobile Indian Latest Mobiles Sony Xperia XZ Premium Rs.59990 Yu Yureka Black Rs.8999 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 6GB Rs.74990 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Rs.11490 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB Rs.16990 Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime 32GB Rs.14900 Advertisement   Know Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera TV Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * CAPA motherboard * Intel Core Motherboard * 3.5 inch Motherboard * More Tags... Industry News * Computers * More Industries... News By Location * Rowland Heights   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 29 Axiomtek Launches the New 3.5" Embedded Motherboard–the CAPA312 CAPA312, a fanless 3.5-inch embedded motherboard, powered by the Intel® Pentium® processor N4200 or Celeron® processor N3350     CAPA312   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * CAPA motherboard * Intel Core Motherboard * 3.5 inch Motherboard Industry: * Computers Location: * Rowland Heights - California - US Subject: * ProductsROWLAND HEIGHTS, Calif. - June 3, 2017 - PRLog -- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the launch of the CAPA312, a fanless 3.5 inch embedded motherboard, powered by the Intel® Pentium® processor N4200 or Celeron® processor N3350. This 3.5" embedded board is a performance-driven solution for IoT/M2M related applications, such as industrial automation, self-service terminals, digital signage, POS/kiosk displays, medical, and more. It offers a wide operating temperature range from -20°C to +60°C (or optionally up to +70°C) and comes with rich I/O connectors, various display interfaces and two PCI Express Mini Card slots for a wide array of industrial applications. "With Intel® Apollo Lake-based processor, Axiomtek's industrial-grade 3.5 inch embedded board, CAPA312, provides high performance yet low CPU power consumption. It features the newest 7th generation Intel® HD graphics engine to deliver dual-view high-resolution HD support for display interfaces: HDMI, LVDS, VGA (optional), and eDP (optional). It is perfectly suited for graphics-intensive applications," said Ken Lin, a product manager of the Embedded SBC Division at Axiomtek. "Our design concept is to serve our customers with the industrial-grade extreme compact embedded board with rich features and customizability. Our focus is on offering the most value to our customers. And we believe our CAPA312 does that by delivering outstanding performance, trusted reliability, and flexible expansion features to suit many projects." The CAPA312 - Axiomtek's brand new 3.5" single board computer – will be available mid-July. For more product information or pricing, please visit us.axiomtek.com or contact us at solutions@axiomtek.com. Main Features ·       - Intel® Pentium® processor N4200 or Celeron® processor N3350 ·       - 1 DDR3L-1867 SO-DIMM, up to 8GB ·       -  2 USB 2.0 and 4 USB 3.0 ports ·       - 2 PCI Express Mini Card slots ·       - 2 Gigabit Ethernet ports supporting Wake-on-LAN ·       - Wide operating temperature from -20°C to +60°C (-4°F to +140°F), or with additional option - up to +70°C (+158°F) About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA's comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Media Contact Axiomtek Sales 626-581-3232 solutions@axiomtek.com End Source : Axiomtek Email : ***@axiomtek.com Tags : CAPA motherboard, Intel Core Motherboard, 3.5 inch Motherboard Industry : Computers Location : Rowland Heights - California - United States Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse AXIOMTEK News Axiomtek Launches the Robust, 17-inch, Extended Temperature Touch Panel Computer-the GOT3177T-311-FR Axiomtek Announces the Arrival of the New IIoT Fanless Computer–the eBOX100-312-FL Axiomtek Launches Ultra Slim 15.6-inch Fanless Touch Panel Computer – the GOT5153W-845 Axiomtek Launches the OPS500-501-H a Highly Advanced & Powerful OPS-compliant Digital Signage Module Axiomtek launches PICO512 one of the most advanced Pico-ITX motherboard in the market Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views PTC News Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 340 views Find Your Dream Home at Summit View in Residence 3845 - 267 views Lennar to Bring New Homes to High Point Later this Year - 243 views Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 230 views Jun 03, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1080 AORUS 11 Gbps review EK Fluid Gaming A240G CPU & GPU Liquid Cooling review Guru3D Rig of the Month - May 2017 Corsair Commander PRO Review Fractal Design Focus G review Cooler Master Cosmos II 25th Anniversary Edition Review Plextor M8Se 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD review PowerColor Radeon RX 580 Red Devil review AMD Ryzen 5 1600 review Corsair GLAIVE RGB game mouse review New Downloads HWiNFO64 Download v5.52 GPU-Z Download v2.1.0 GeForce 382.33 WHQL driver download FINAL FANTASY XIV: Stormblood Benchmark Download Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.5 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver download GeForce Hotfix driver 382.19 download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.18.4664 SiSoft Sandra 2017 download RTMa (build 24.18) AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.1 driver download New Forum Topics Windows 7 Market Share on the Rise again at Steam Computex 2017: Intel Core i9 Launches With up-to 10 cores first - Does 4.3 GHz on LCS Petrol vs Diesel Theresa May says the internet must now be regulated following London Bridge terror at EVGA GTX 980 Ti burned out today Gears of war 4 FREE TRIAL WEEK! RTSS 6.7.0 beta 1 I see no difference with anti-aliasing vs without...is this normal? G-SYNC questions NVidia Anti-Aliasing Guide (updated) Guru3D.com » News » Computex 2017: Intel Core i9 Launches With up-to 10 cores first - Does 4.3 GHz on LCS Computex 2017: Intel Core i9 Launches With up-to 10 cores first - Does 4.3 GHz on LCS by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 06/03/2017 08:05 AM | Source | 82 comment(s) Over at Computex a lot of Intel partners have been showing the new Skylake-X. We have spoken to many board partners and have asked them a thing or two related towards normal overclocking, and the test samples they have at hand. So, what we learned is that Intel will be releasing just the Skylake-X processors with up-to ten cores in a week or two. All motherboard partners had the 10-core SKU which would be the Core i9 7900X that will be priced at 999 USD. None, and I do repeat this none of the partners have had their hands on, or even seen the 12, 14, 16 or that 18-core part. So that does raise some questions as earlier on we have already stated that Intel is rushing things as an answer towards AMD’s upcoming Threadripper processor series. So on that note, we can confirm that X299 and the respective processors will launch with up-to 10-core processors in the Skylake-X processor series. So that means that there will be three (Skylake-X) SKUs at launch, the Core i7 7800K six core, the 7820X with eight cores and the Core i9 7900K with 10 cores. I highlighted these in the upper overview. The 7740X and 7640X are the Kaby-Lake-X based procs, these are four core processors. There is another thing that we did look into, overclocking. I am honestly getting a little tired of 6 & 7 GHz overclock announcements in situations where LN2 or sub-zero cooling is being used. Its getting old and it is not at all important or relative towards you guys, the end user. Above the Skylake-X 10-core part, Core i9 7900K. You can see the 4.3 GHz tweak (on LCS cooling) for all cores locked in at that freqeuency. Highlighted in the red column is the Cinebench multi-threaded CB score, overclock on all cores that results into 2364cb.  Now I did some rounds with the mobo partners and simply asked them what clock frequencies they can tweak the 8 and 10 core parts at with a more normal cooling method, like LCS or a really proper heatpipe cooler. The magic number seems to be 4.2 to 4.3 GHz depending on the ASIC quality. And if you are wondering about it: the 4.5 GHz Turbo 3.0 you see noted as a spec means that likely only two cores will be able to run that frequency simultaneously (while others are clocked lower).      So the tweaking results seems to be roughly at the same level as Haswell-E and the current 8 and 10-core Broadwell-E (6900K/6950X) parts. These are still pretty good numbers and these tweaks are based on an all-core 4.3 GHz tweak of course. Obviously the quad-core Skylake-X processors will clock higher. In the end it will be interesting to see much of a difference the new Skylake-X are really going to make in that initial launch wave that simply holds just the up-to 10-core parts. Tagged as: Computex 2017 Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « SuperMicro to release two Supero X299 motherboards (updated) · Computex 2017: Intel Core i9 Launches With up-to 10 cores first - Does 4.3 GHz on LCS Related Stories Computex 2017: ADATA Going for M2 NVMe - 06/02/2017 12:13 PM Adata the company know for their storage technologies best had a pretty big booth at Computex this year. On demo where a lot off products, the hot stuff among them are new M2 flash based storage unit... Computex 2017: ASUS ROG GTX 1080 Ti Posseidon Spotted - 06/02/2017 11:53 AM ASUS talked about the GTX 1080 Ti Posseidon a couple of times already, and it seems it now is becoming available. I spotted it at the AUS booth and took a couple of photos. ... Computex 2017: Corsair Bulldog GTO - 06/02/2017 11:47 AM Most of you probably can remember the Bulldog from Corsair right, it pretty much the predecessor of the new One series compact PCs. So in the press-release from Corsair you might have noticed an entry... Computex 2017: Lian-Li To Offer a Raw Copper Liquid Cooling Kit - 06/01/2017 03:47 PM So Yes, this is a bit of an exclusive first. A RAW copper rad, when you see the photo you'll understand what I mean. Basically Lian-Li will re-brand an LCS solution from Cinsys. The company (accordi... Computex 2017: Gigabyte Shows Ryzen Mini ITX motherboard - 06/01/2017 03:35 PM Lots of people are waiting in this, imagine that with an 8-core Ryzen processor. Gigabyte is (from the top of my head) the second company that launches an Mini-ITX form factor Ryzen motherboard. The G... 6 pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 kegastaMmer Master Guru Posts: 232 Joined: 2015-09-17 #5438761 Posted on: 06/03/2017 09:02 AM 2 things deducible, intel is not having a good time, and CPU competition is going to ramp up now, and intel still thinks its ok to push prices after the info on threadripper is out xIcarus Master Guru Posts: 704 Joined: 2010-08-24 #5438762 Posted on: 06/03/2017 09:08 AM Something tells me Intel's on course for a rude awakening. You can't price your products like that unless they're better than the competition. I highly doubt they will. Lessons shall be learned. And if they try retarded shenanigans again I hope they get punished to the brink of bankruptcy (not actual bankruptcy because nobody wants a monopoly). LesserHellspawn Master Guru Posts: 556 Joined: 2010-03-27 #5438763 Posted on: 06/03/2017 09:10 AM 4,2 or 4,3 as max overclock ? That is quite a bit disappointing, seeing that my Haswell-E comfortably runs at 4,4 and could to 4,5 or 4,6 with a little more tweaking. thefather Newbie Posts: 7 Joined: 2005-03-17 #5438770 Posted on: 06/03/2017 09:42 AM This time, I think will go with AMD, gathering my resources nevcairiel Member Guru Posts: 72 Joined: 2015-05-19 #5438773 Posted on: 06/03/2017 10:03 AM ThreadRipper has its own set of problems with its dual-die almost-NUMA configuration, it'll hurt applications that are not aware of the special handling of such setup - and news flash, no consumer applications or games are. And the Giant socket may mean that few of the existing coolers actually fit, which would be a real shame. I wouldn't praise ThreadRipper as much before its properly reviewed. In any case, a 10-core running at 4.3ghz is pretty neat, especially since that is the out of the box Turbo even. Previous generations the higher core counts used to clock much lower out of the box and required manual tuning to get even close to that number (no idea if you even could get a Broadwell-E 10 core there). RandomDriverDev Member Guru Posts: 106 Joined: 2017-04-07 #5438776 Posted on: 06/03/2017 10:21 AM Thanks Nevcairiel, i've been trying to get that point across with the performance issues occuring with the R5 4 core chips, but everyones just sucking on the AMD PR teet and copypasting PR bs. Rise of the Tombraider is apparently Ryzen aware, but thats 1 out of hundreds of thousands of games..... PS: Thanks for LAV. cryohellinc Master Guru Posts: 555 Joined: 2014-10-20 #5438777 Posted on: 06/03/2017 10:24 AM I guess il wait for next 10nm generation. My assumption is that sweetspot will be 8/16, clocking over 4.5ghz all of them. N0Name Newbie Posts: 6 Joined: 2016-09-08 #5438780 Posted on: 06/03/2017 10:42 AM I do plan to purchase new platform soon and while I do expect that I9 will be better, at least at single threading, then TR I won't pay 700-1.2k USD (price adjusted to EU aka. including taxes etc.) for a CPU that has toothpaste under the hood... Looking at he thermal issue with i7-7700K and Intel fix for thermal spikes "don't overclock" I do suspect that same principle will apply to their HEDT. This is spiting into customers face and calling it a rain in my book. Of course final decision will be based on benchmarks and this time around more on the price / performance ration then RAW performance alone. To me plus for AMD is that when new feature CPU's will most probably fit into current socket with in longer run is cost saving. BangTail Maha Guru Posts: 2271 Joined: 2006-10-15 #5438791 Posted on: 06/03/2017 11:40 AM Is there a solid date for these rather than 'a couple of weeks'? I know it was originally going to be the 26th of June but this seems to have changed. Intel lists the chipset as 'Launched', obviously no availability yet, but I have seen SKUs for the Asus and MSI boards on at least one e-tailer. kegastaMmer Master Guru Posts: 232 Joined: 2015-09-17 #5438792 Posted on: 06/03/2017 11:47 AM Quote: Originally Posted by nevcairiel ThreadRipper has its own set of problems with its dual-die almost-NUMA configuration, it'll hurt applications that are not aware of the special handling of such setup - and news flash, no consumer applications or games are. And the Giant socket may mean that few of the existing coolers actually fit, which would be a real shame. I wouldn't praise ThreadRipper as much before its properly reviewed. In any case, a 10-core running at 4.3ghz is pretty neat, especially since that is the out of the box Turbo even. Previous generations the higher core counts used to clock much lower out of the box and required manual tuning to get even close to that number (no idea if you even could get a Broadwell-E 10 core there). Threadripper, atm is aimed for workstations , content creators and heavy duty apps, not COD, minecraft. It might appeal to the gaming community later, but not now. It will be priced competitivly in that range, prosumer range. Silva Master Guru Posts: 236 Joined: 2013-06-04 #5438800 Posted on: 06/03/2017 12:36 PM Quote: Originally Posted by kegastaMmer 2 things deducible, intel is not having a good time, and CPU competition is going to ramp up now, and intel still thinks its ok to push prices after the info on threadripper is out Quote: Originally Posted by xIcarus Something tells me Intel's on course for a rude awakening. You can't price your products like that unless they're better than the competition. I highly doubt they will. Lessons shall be learned. And if they try retarded shenanigans again I hope they get punished to the brink of bankruptcy (not actual bankruptcy because nobody wants a monopoly). Fanboys will buy anyway. I'm reading all over the internet how people are waiting for these without ever considering looking at benchmarks and comparing brands. For the few amongst us who actually use our brain and buy best price/performance, the story is different. Quote: Originally Posted by thefather This time, I think will go with AMD, gathering my resources Wait for benchmarks, but IMO TDP and price/performance AMD might have a win here. Quote: Originally Posted by nevcairiel ThreadRipper has its own set of problems with its dual-die almost-NUMA configuration, it'll hurt applications that are not aware of the special handling of such setup - and news flash, no consumer applications or games are. And the Giant socket may mean that few of the existing coolers actually fit, which would be a real shame. I wouldn't praise ThreadRipper as much before its properly reviewed. As an excuse used by Intel fanboys: Quad Cores are enough for gaming and all you need is a fast quad core like a i7 7700k. Now seriously: R7 1700 is an affordable workstation for those who want to play games at the same time, if you're just interested in gaming the real contenders are R5 1400/1600 and i5 7600k and I know who wins for me. ThreadRipper is aimed at pure workstations, people who buy them may play games but I doubt anyone would get a 10 to 16 core just to play games in 2017. Same said for Intel, you need to be stupid to spend more than $400 on a CPU if the money is better spent getting a 1080ti for example. Quote: Originally Posted by kegastaMmer Threadripper, atm is aimed for workstations , content creators and heavy duty apps, not COD, minecraft. It might appeal to the gaming community later, but not now. It will be priced competitivly in that range, prosumer range. I'm glad at least someone thinks the same way as me. BangTail Maha Guru Posts: 2271 Joined: 2006-10-15 #5438806 Posted on: 06/03/2017 12:55 PM Quote: Originally Posted by Silva Fanboys will buy anyway. I'm reading all over the internet how people are waiting for these without ever considering looking at benchmarks and comparing brands. For the few amongst us who actually use our brain and buy best price/performance, the story is different. Wait for benchmarks, but IMO TDP and price/performance AMD might have a win here. As an excuse used by Intel fanboys: Quad Cores are enough for gaming and all you need is a fast quad core like a i7 7700k. Now seriously: R7 1700 is an affordable workstation for those who want to play games at the same time, if you're just interested in gaming the real contenders are R5 1400/1600 and i5 7600k and I know who wins for me. ThreadRipper is aimed at pure workstations, people who buy them may play games but I doubt anyone would get a 10 to 16 core just to play games in 2017. Same said for Intel, you need to be stupid to spend more than $400 on a CPU if the money is better spent getting a 1080ti for example. I'm glad at least someone thinks the same way as me. So only stupid people buy Intel according to you? You realize that endlessly promoting AMD makes you the fanboy, not the other way around. Choice is a great thing and I'm glad we finally have it again Just because you prefer AMD does not mean someone who buys Intel is any less intelligent than you are. People have their reasons on both sides. FerCam Master Guru Posts: 224 Joined: 2005-10-08 #5438818 Posted on: 06/03/2017 01:47 PM 4.3GHz only, seriously. Where's the ivy bridge intel? My 4820k (3.7GHz) overclocks to 4.65GHz at 1.19v, on proper watercooling, with no problems, probably could go higher. Now that's what expect from a supposedly enthusiast platform. And LN2 overclocking is just a question of money and show off, not skill! Humanoid_1 Master Guru Posts: 696 Joined: 2009-10-14 #5438828 Posted on: 06/03/2017 02:32 PM @Silva Of course it is sensible to check actual performance for needs, but for many people looking to buy AMD, they have their confidence at a good level having seen Ryzen and the leaks of upcoming ThreadRipper (as thin as they are). So at this point for them seeing more is not so relevant in making an Intelligent buying descision as it is supporting the underdog where it is Clear they have a great product, even if Intel manage to slightly up the ante and step ahead. Our money supporting AMD for the long run makes for a Much more interesting future computing landscape. That and AMD really does have a great product for HEDT and server market now which will be Much better value than Intels current offerings, especially in the server market! Ricepudding Member Guru Posts: 66 Joined: 2017-02-17 #5438833 Posted on: 06/03/2017 02:46 PM So basically if i got the gist of this correctly, the cards are coming out with there max overclock already present? (if the graph shown is correct) Little disappointed i was hoping for 4.5/4.6ghz all cores on the 10/20 chip, but 4.3ghz is not too bad, similar to Broadwell-E but with the upgrades in architecture and two cores can go to 4.5ghz, looking forward to HH's review of it, would like to see where they stack up and if they are worth the asking price 6 pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pilgrim's Pride Co. (PPC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Dow Jones Equity All REIT Total Return Index (REIT) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Intel Corp (INQ) Receives $38.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Bridgford Foods (BRID) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows BWX Technologies (BWXT) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.08 BT Group plc (BT) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.22 John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages American Vanguard Corp. (AVD) Receives $17.67 Consensus PT from Brokerages Givaudan Sa (GVDNY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Christopher & Banks Co. (CBK) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Crestwood Equity Partners LP (CEQP) Cut to “Sell” at ValuEngine Adtalem Global Education Inc (ATGE) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Seattle Genetics (SGEN) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.33 Analysts Expect Nordson Co. (NDSN) to Post $1.64 EPS ONE Gas (OGS) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Dreyfus High Yield Strategies Fund (DHF) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Intel Corp (INQ) Receives $38.00 Consensus PT from Analysts June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Intel Corp (NYSE:INQ) have been given an average rating of “Hold” by the eleven ratings firms that are currently covering the stock, Marketbeat reports. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12-month price target among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $38.00. Several research analysts have commented on INQ shares. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $36.00 target price on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Canaccord Genuity set a $38.00 target price on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $36.00 target price on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $35.00 target price on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Macquarie set a $40.00 target price on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 31st. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/intel-corp-inq-receives-38-00-consensus-pt-from-analysts.html. Intel Corp Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 2 Best Dividend Stocks in Drones Qualcomm and Intel give investors exposure to the growing drone market while paying out market-beating dividends. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Jun 3, 2017 at 1:31PM Drones and dividend stocks usually aren't mentioned together for two simple reasons. First, most "pure play" drone leaders like DJI Innovations are privately held. Second, "side bets" on the market -- like GoPro and Ambarella -- typically reinvest their cash back into expanding their businesses instead of paying dividends like mature tech companies. However, there are still a few simple ways to gain exposure to the growing drone market with mature, dividend-paying stocks. Let's examine two such plays that are hidden in plain sight -- Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Image source: Getty Images. Qualcomm Qualcomm is the biggest mobile chipmaker in the world. But in recent years, its chipmaking business has been ceding market share to cheaper rivals like MediaTek, while its patent licensing business has come under fire from OEMs and regulators for allegedly anticompetitive practices. Qualcomm is trying to offset those pressures by diversifying away from the mobile market into adjacent areas like wearables, action cameras, connected cars, Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and drones. For drone makers, Qualcomm offers Snapdragon Flight -- a custom credit card-sized board which bundles together its Snapdragon mobile processor, Hexagon DSP (digital signal processor) for real-time flight controls, SirfStar V global navigation satellite system (GNSS) for location-based services, as well as Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connections. The board also provides support for 4K video and additional sensors for autonomous flight and obstacle avoidance. Qualcomm's Snapdragon Flight platform. Image source: Qualcomm. Simply put, it's an elegant all-in-one solution for any company that wants to quickly put a drone on the market. Qualcomm has already been testing the platform on autonomous flights over LTE networks, and several major drone makers -- including Chinese drone company Yuneec -- have already adopted the technology. Drones won't move the needle for Qualcomm's chipmaking business anytime soon, but investors will get paid a 4% yield -- which is supported by a payout ratio of 70% -- for holding the stock. Qualcomm has also raised its dividend annually for 14 straight years. Intel Like Qualcomm, Intel faces a slowdown in its core businesses. Demand for its PC chips remains tepid, and enterprise customers aren't eager to upgrade their data center chips. That sluggishness has forced Intel to expand into higher-growth markets like the Internet of Things. Intel's Aero Drone. Image source: Intel. Intel's IoT business is still tiny relative to its PC and Data Center businesses, but it's gradually expanding its reach with new chips for cars, wearables, and drones. Intel's answer to Qualcomm's Snapdragon Flight is Aero, a computing board that bundles together an Atom processor, a reprogrammable Altera FPGA for custom commands, wireless connections, a VGA camera, and onboard RAM and flash storage. It's paired with a RealSense depth-sensing camera for obstacle avoidance, and an Aero flight controller with autonomous flight features. Intel also aims to fly its drones autonomously across mobile networks. Last year, it tested out autonomous drones across AT&T's LTE networks. That wasn't an exclusive breakthrough -- since Qualcomm did the same thing with AT&T a few months later -- but it proves that autonomous drones could be launched for enterprise customers in the near future. Intel's drone business still accounts for a tiny sliver of its small IoT business, so it won't likely offset its PC and data center issues anytime soon. However, Intel still pays a solid 3% dividend, which is supported by a payout ratio of 44%, and it's raised that dividend annually for two years. The key takeaways If you want more concentrated exposure to the growing drone market, investing in GoPro, which produces the Karma drone -- or Ambarella, which supplies DJI with image processing SoCs, might make more sense. But if you want stable dividends from a company that will gradually benefit from the growth of drones over the next few years, Qualcomm and Intel might just fit the bill. However, investors should be aware that the headwinds facing Qualcomm and Intel's core businesses won't dissipate anytime soon. Investors should carefully weigh these risks against the growth potential of their newer adjacent businesses to see if their stocks are worth buying. Leo Sun owns shares of AT&T; and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ambarella, GoPro, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: short January 2019 $12 calls on GoPro and long January 2019 $12 puts on GoPro. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Jun 3, 2017 at 1:31PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.32 up $0.20 (0.55%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Read More Now’s the Time to Buy These Hated Tech Stocks Why This Intel Corporation Chip Rumor Seems Bogus 3 Growth Stocks for Bright Investors How Intel Corporation's Core i9-7980XE Can Succeed Will Qualcomm Have to Increase Its NXP Semiconductors Buyout Offer? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 2 Best Dividend Stocks in Drones @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $QCOM
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Systems Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS CPUs Intel Computex 2017 X299 Skylake-X GPUs Core i9 AMD Mobile Home> Systems Zotac Unveils 2017 ZBox Magnus SFF Gaming PCs: Powered By Intel Core & AMD Ryzen by Ryan Smith on June 3, 2017 12:00 PM EST Posted in Systems Gaming ZOTAC SFF ZBOX Computex 2017 6 Comments | Add A Comment 6 Comments + Add A Comment Besides of course their video cards, Zotac’s other claim to fame is their variety of mini-PCs. For this year’s Computex trade show, the company did not disappoint, with the announcement of a new generation of Magnus gaming mini-PCs. The big change for the upcoming family of Magnus boxes is that they have been revamped to make room for some of Zotac’s mini-branded video cards, including the GTX 1060 and GTX 1070. Previously, the ZBox Magnus family utilized the mobile versions of NVIDIA’s 10-series GPUs. The new ZBox Magnus lineup consists of four different models, with two sporting Intel CPUs and two featuring AMD Ryzen processors. The company wasn’t clear on which specific AMD Ryzen chips would be utilized, but it did disclose that they would sport a 65W TDP. Zotac ZBox Magnus (2017) Barebones PC   EK51060 EK71070 ER51060 ER51070 CPU Intel Core i5-7300HQ Intel Core i7-7700HQ AMD Ryzen AMD Ryzen Video Card Zotac GeForce GTX 1060 Mini Zotac GeForce GTX 1070 Mini Zotac GeForce GTX 1060 Mini Zotac GeForce GTX 1070 Mini Memory 2x DDR4 SO-DIMM Storage 1x M.2 (PCIe & SATA) + 1x 2.5" SATA Bay Networking 2x Gigabit Ethernet + 802.11ac Connectivity 4 x USB 3.0 Type-A 1 x USB 3.1 (Gen 2) Type-A 1 x USB 3.1 (Gen 2) Type-C 1 x 3.5mm headset 3-in-1 Card Reader Each of the two Intel ZBox Magnus offerings sport different CPUs and GPUs, with the Magnus EK51060 featuring an Intel Core i5-7300HQ and a Zotac GeForce GTX 1060 Mini. The Magnus EK71070 sports an Intel Core i7-7700HQ. Both offer support for Intel Optane memory with an M.2 2242/2260/2280 slot. Over on the AMD side of the ZBox spectrum, the new Magnus ER51060 features an undisclosed AMD Ryzen CPU and a GTX 1060; the new ER51070 sports a Zotac GTX 1070 Mini. If the naming convention of each model is any indication of the hardware inside (see the Intel models), the CPUs will likely be Ryzen 5 chips. All of the new ZBox Magnus PCs feature an M.2 slot for PCIe or SATA SSDs, a 2.5” drive bay, and support for up to 32GB (2x16GB) of DDR4-2400 SODIMM memory. There’s also four USB 3.0 ports, two USB 3.1 ports (one Type-A, one Type-C), and a 3-in-1 card reader. Network connectivity is provided by two gigabit Ethernet ports and 802.11ac WiFi. For display output, the new ZBox Magnus PCs sport the same outputs as the GPUs; three DisplayPort 1.4 interfaces, an HDMI 2.0 port, and a DVI-D connector. Pricing and availability for the new ZBox Magnus mini PCs is still undetermined. Derek Forrest contributed to this report Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 6 Comments View All Comments Chaitanya - Saturday, June 03, 2017 - link 8 core CPU in that form factor would be awesome. Reply Charlie22911 - Saturday, June 03, 2017 - link I'm gonna guess from the model number that they are Ryzen 5 based... Reply meacupla - Sunday, June 04, 2017 - link yeah, looks that way. EK51060 -> i5 + 1060 EK71070 -> i7 + 1070 ER51070 -> R5 + 1070 Still, 6 cores, 12 threads isn't bad, assuming they use R5 1600 Reply James5mith - Sunday, June 04, 2017 - link My only problem with Zotac SFF PC's is that they never actually come available until the next one, possibly two generations have been announced. Take for example the generation before this that was announced at CES. It is still unavailable for purchase at this point, and they are now announcing new models. It wasn't until after CES this year that you could reliably find the model announced at the 2016 Computex. If they actually executed and produced for sale the products they announced in a timely fashion, I would buy one to replace my living room HTPC/Gaming system in a heartbeat. Reply James5mith - Sunday, June 04, 2017 - link *Update: Of course after I read this I go look at Amazon and now the CES 2017 models are actually available in limited supply. Reply HankP - Sunday, June 04, 2017 - link Since they're SFF PCs, wouldn't it be relevant to post their sizes? Or did I miss that? Reply 1 PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News MSI Shows Off GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X Card with USB Type-C Port Thecus Announces $130 and $200 Entry-Level NASes For Home Users AMD Announces Radeon Pro WX 3100 & WX 2100: Entry-Level Polaris Pro Cards Motorola Announces the Moto Z² Play MSI Demos Prototype Hybrid Storage Card: M.2 & 2.5” SATA on a PCIe Card Zotac Unveils 2017 ZBox Magnus SFF Gaming PCs: Powered By Intel Core & AMD Ryzen Antec Reveals Two New PSU Lines: HCG Pro Gold & HCG Pro Bronze Samsung Announces Notebook 9 Pro 2-in-1, Includes S Pen Stylus Raijintek Announces Four New PSU Lines Zotac Showcases Mini GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Video Cards Plextor Announces M9Pe SSD: 3.1 GB/s, Marvell Controller, 64-Layer 3D TLC, RGB LEDs FSP Demonstrates Hydro PTM+ 1200 W: a Liquid-Cooled PSU with RGB LEDs TWEETS IanCutress: @DTheSleepless Plus only in a public forum. A private forum, such as social media or on someone else's property, can have limits IanCutress: Acer wouldn't let me look inside. They said there was nothing to see. I disagree. https://t.co/jTKdzrpyJL IanCutress: Rustic. Open to the elements for 5+ years https://t.co/t1DLZkzdeD IanCutress: This is a great summary from @linusgsebastian on the new platform and some of the issues facing market segmentation… https://t.co/gqIED5RMyk IanCutress: Getting tea in Maokong with @tekwendell https://t.co/0QFdRIzb0t RyanSmithAT: @IanCutress I don't know what the question is, but good answer! RyanSmithAT: @bwDraco @anandtech @tomshardware We don't know for sure. But right now that's looking like a very safe bet. RyanSmithAT: @MindCanon @anandtech Indeed it's not. Though to be clear, that passage was referring to their CES announcements fr… https://t.co/vhqiTxUdSM RyanSmithAT: @jasonelmore @anandtech It's correct. Intel is requiring you to buy the $999 CPU to get 44 PCIe lanes RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Still better than #howseproblems, I reckon... ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Particular choice depends on needed feature set. Syno can enable 'privately hosted' G-Suite/Slack 'replacement' Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Latest Business Technology Artificial Intelligence VR/AR Autonomous Vehicles Graphene Financial Glossary Latest Business Technology Artificial Intelligence VR/AR Autonomous Vehicles Graphene Financial Glossary Passenger economy will be worth $7 trillion says Intel Passenger economy will be worth $7 trillion says Intel June 3, 2017, 5:05 PM BST | Written by Christian Nordqvist | The Passenger Economy – when drivers are gone and we all travel around in driverless vehicles – will grow from $800 billion to $7 trillion globally by the middle of this century, says Intel, the American multinational technology company based in Santa Clara, California. According to a study carried out by Intel and Study Analytics, a new passenger economy will emerge to “support the idle time when drivers become riders.” The passenger economy will be more than twice as big as the sharing economy, the study authors forecast. Mobility-as-a-Service will completely transform long-held patterns of car maintenance, operations, usage, and ownership. Regarding the new study, titled “Accelerating the Future: The Economic Impact of the Emerging Passenger Economy”, its authors predict that the passenger economy will be worth $800 billion in 2035, and will reach $7 trillion by 2050. Business leaders who adapt to the transformation will survive, while those who don’t will fall by the wayside. (Image: newsroom.intel.com) According to history, technology has always been the catalyst for major societal transformation. Businesses that adapted during those transformations have tended to thrive, while those that did not failed and were seen no more. New digital business models that have sprung up since the birth of personal computing, ubiquitous connectivity, smartphones, and the Internet have completely transformed the global business environment. The authors of the new report believe that autonomous driving – driverless cars – will do the same. Brian Krzanich, Intel’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), said: “Companies should start thinking about their autonomous strategy now. Less than a decade ago, no one was talking about the potential of a soon-to-emerge app or sharing economy because no one saw it coming.” “This is why we started the conversation around the Passenger Economy early, to wake people up to the opportunity streams that will emerge when cars become the most powerful mobile data generating devices we use and people swap driving for riding.” All those billions of dollars will need to go somewhere – enterprising individuals will try hard to make some of it come their way. (Image: newsroom.intel.com) From a sharing to a passenger economy At the beginning of this century, who would have thought there would be smartphones with apps for peer-to-peer and ride-hailing services such as Lyft and Uber? There has been a sea change in how individuals and businesses view transportation. These transforming behaviors are combining with increasing urbanization, almost universal access to high-speed mobile broadband, and breathtaking leaps in computing power and data center capacity to enable these new business models to push forward the development and use of autonomous mobility solution. Being driven by pilotless vehicles that are controlled by artificial intelligence (AI) will represent the essential nature of future transportation. First there was the private car owner economy, then the sharing economy, next we will have the passenger economy. Many scientists and AI specialists today are predicting that babies born this year will never drive a car. By the time they reach their late teens, when they would be thinking of getting their driving license, driverless cars will control our roads. Passenger economy will change whole industries Smart city technologies and autonomous driving will enable the new passenger economy – gradually changing whole industries and creating new ones. Three giant sectors – that do not exist today – will exist soon. The Consumer MaaS, the B2B MaaS, and New/Emerging-Apps/Services. (Image: newsroom.itel.com) Regarding how we travel around in the future, urbanist and mobility futurist Greg Lindsay, said: “Not unlike the space race of the 1960s, today’s announcement is a rallying cry to the world to put its best minds on this challenge. The future of mobility, economic advancement and the emergence of new growth opportunities like the Passenger Economy demand ongoing dialogue.” “I am excited to partner with Intel, take this discussion on the road and look at solutions through the lens of the diverse industries that will shape our future – from automakers to investors and policy makers to startups.” Humans will view passenger vehicles very differently in future. The pleasure (or unpleasantness) will not be in driving the car, but the experiences you can have in it. Vehicle makers will be offering a wide range of extra services. (Image: newsroom.intel.com) Key report highlights: – Business use of MaaS (Mobility-as-a-Service) is forecast to generate $3 trillion in revenue, i.e. 43% of the total passenger economy. – Consumer use of MaaS is predicted to generate $3.7 trillion in revenue, i.e. almost 55% of the total passenger economy. – Pilotless Vehicle Services will expand and evolve. Rising consumer usage of new innovative services and applications that will emerge will be worth approximately $200 billion in revenue. – Safer for travelers. The authors ‘conservatively’ estimate that self-driving vehicles can save 585,000 lives between 2035 and 2045. Human behavior will change dramatically. Traveling will be relatively stress free. Getting from point A to B will be faster. There will be much less demand for parking in cities, this will free up space for more pleasant uses. Road rage will be something people learn about from their history books. (Image: newsroom.intel.com) – Commuting Time will become free time, which consumers will be able to use for leisure activities, work, education, etc. In the world’s most congested cities, more than 250 million hours of consumers’ commuting time annually will be freed. – Public Safety Costs related to traffic accidents will be slashed. The savings could amount to over $234 billion from 2035-2045 – during the passenger economy era. Car-venience – cars will become transportation experience pods. There will be mobile health care clinics, remote vending devices, fast-casual dining, on-board beauty salons, and even platooning pod hotels. – Mobility-as-a-Perk – apartment complexes, employers, office buildings, college campuses, and housing estates will offer MaaS to distinguish their offer from rivals, or add value as part of their compensation package. Video – Passenger Economy This short Intel Newsroom video provides some dates and figures to illustrate the expected impact of the passenger economy. Share this article: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Print No part of this website or any of its contents may be reproduced, copied, or modified, without prior consent, unless otherwise indicated for stand-alone materials. About - Contact Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy © 2017 · Market Business News. - MBN is based in East Sussex, England. Type and press Enter to search We use cookies to personalise content and ads. More info
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ Forward Thinking/ Krzanich Says Intel is Not A CPU Company Anymore Krzanich Says Intel is Not A CPU Company Anymore By Michael J. Miller June 2, 2017 10 Comments From AI to drones to autonomous cars, Intel plans to be a big part of every aspect of future tech. "We don't think of ourselves as a CPU company anymore," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said yesterday during his interview at Code 2017. "We think of ourselves as a data company," he said, making the products that will collect, do analytics, storage, and transmission of all of the data that will be generated by the many devices in the world. He said devices have to be connected to the cloud to add value, because analytics on a lot of data is what is most important. During the interview, Krzanich touched on a variety of areas—from PCs and drones to the cloud and AI processors. He said there have been a lot of innovations in the PC market over the past several years, especially, pointing to improvements in ease of use, battery life. "You're going to see some real innovation in form factors, size, usability, multiple screens, coming in the next few years," he said, later explaining that by multiple screens, he meant a device that worked as a physical notebook replacement that could have a keyboard when you wanted it, and could switch between monochrome and color, etc. He said PC sales are nearing stability, but that Intel has been able to increase its profitability because people are "buying up" to things like the Core i7 and the recently introduced Core i9 chips. Still, he said, 60-70 percent of Intel's profits will come from growth areas outside the PC. Co-host Walt Mossberg asked him about the rumors that Apple is considering using its own chips (such as the ones used in iPhones and iPads) rather than those from Intel in the Mac. Krzanich said Apple is always looking for the best performance, and "I actually believe that somewhere inside that company somebody is trying to see if they use their ARM-based cores to scale up into that space. As an engineer, I think they'd be foolish not to do that test and see if they can." But he said Intel's job is to make its products so compelling—in terms of performance, battery life, the way it can integrate features from MacOS, and cost, so that they will continue to choose Intel. "We always look at it as a competitive market we have to win." In the cloud and the data center, Krzanich said, Intel thinks not about the processor itself, but about the entire server rack. He noted that Intel has more than 90 percent of market share of the computing inside data centers, whether in-house or in the public cloud or private cloud. During the question period, I asked him about Intel's reaction to recent AI chips, such as Nvidia's Volta GPU and Google's Tensor Processing Unit. "We really want to provide people with processors that can go across multiple workloads," he said. GPUs and TPUs are good for certain workloads, but he said Intel has Atom that can handle workloads in an autonomous car, Xeon for general servers, Xeon Phi to compete with GPUs, FPGAs for video analytics, and Nervana, an AI-specific ASIC Intel recently acquired. Every 10 or 15 years, Krzanich said, new workloads come into the computing market; an AI is such a change. The first thing that happens is people build ASIC accelerators, and then use FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays). "We've seen this cycle before," he said. Intel wants to participate in the market through FPGAs, which can be easily reprogrammed; and through the chips provided by Nervana, which it thinks can compete or beat GPUs, TPUs, and other application-specific accelerators. All the products will start to get branded Nervana, he said, but you'll have a variety of different features, costs, and energy levels, all the way down to Movidius, another company Intel recently purchased, which makes chips for drones. On other topics, he said, Intel is interested in commercial drones, not consumer, and is particularly focused on how data is ingested and how you can apply AI to things like inspecting power lines and cell towers. He talked about the company's new partnership with Major League Baseball and with other sports leagues to bring VR to sports, such as showing what the Super Bowl field looked like to Tom Brady. He said this involved 50 high-definition cameras at box level in the stadium that sent information back to a massive service, which converted the data to voxels, and created a complete visual model of everything that could be seen from any angle. This uses 2 terabytes a minute of data; it has also been used in the NBA and the NCAA basketball finals. He seemed particularly bullish about autonomous driving, saying the average car today has about 80 small microprocessors designed for specific things, but that "the car of the future will be more like a server." This led into a discussion about Mossberg's hope for new privacy laws that set some rules about what happens with all the data that can now be collected. Krzanich said he tended to agree that some new regulations would be needed, not so much for devices you put in your home (because you've chosen to do that, and presumably agreed to the terms of service), but particularly for data collected by things like cars. These will know where you drive and what speed you drive, but more importantly, in order to drive successfully, it has to look at everything and everyone, and see people on the street, license plates of other cars, etc. In those cases, privacy laws must be re-examined, he said. Michael J. Miller is chief information officer at Ziff Brothers Investments, a private investment firm. Miller, who was editor-in-chief of PC Magazine from 1991 to 2005, authors this blog for PCMag.com to share his thoughts on PC-related products. No investment advice is offered in this blog. All duties are disclaimed. Miller works separately for a private investment firm which may at any time invest in companies whose products are discussed in this blog, and no disclosure of securities transactions will be made. Back to top Previous : Clinton: 'Weaponizing the Tech Revolution' Cost Me the Elect... By Michael J. Miller Michael J. Miller's Forward Thinking Blog: forwardthinking.pcmag.com Michael J. Miller is chief information officer at Ziff Brothers Investments, a private investment firm. From 1991 to 2005, Miller was editor-in-chief of PC Magazine, responsible for the editorial direction, quality, and presentation of the world's largest computer publication. No investment advice is offered in this blog. All duties are disclaimed. Miller works separately for a private investment firm which may at any time invest in companies whose products are discussed in this blog, and no disclosure of securities transactions... More » More Stories by Michael Clinton: 'Weaponizing the Tech Revolution' Cost Me the Election Former Secretary of State and Democratic Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton took the stage to ta... More » Andreesen and Hoffman at Code: 'We Don't Have Enough Change' The most interesting session at the Code Conference was a discussion among these big names regarding... More » Google Apps, Tools Aim to 'Democratize AI' Consumers and developers both will benefit from the latest news from Google I/O. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Subscribe //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.03.17 innovation agents How Intel Is Using VR To Try To Change Sports Viewing Now And Into The Future The tech giant has grand ambitions, and thinks that fully immersive live sports is the key to giving fans what they want–someday. By Daniel Terdiman6 minute Read There are hundreds of millions, if not billions, of passionate sports fans around the world. And yet, according to Intel, no more than 1% of those people will ever get to see their favorite team in person. advertisement That massive experience gap is at the center of Intel’s ambitious live-sports virtual reality efforts, a series of initiatives that over the next couple of years should solidify the company’s “as if you’re there” philosophy about sports, said Jeff Hopper, the business strategy lead at Intel Sports Group. In the short term, those efforts will focus on single-user, individual experiences. But over time, Intel plans on making it possible for fans to be right in the middle of their favorite team’s action, create personalized 3D highlights, and share them with friends. This week, Intel and Major League Baseball announced a three-year partnership to live-stream one baseball game a week in VR. That followed a similar pact between the NBA and NextVR that kicked off at the beginning of the 2016-2017 basketball season. Fans watching the games—via Intel’s True VR app on Samsung’s Gear VR headset—will be able to choose from multiple camera angles around a stadium, each of which will give them a wide, immersive view of the action. “We’re excited to work with somebody like Intel, [a] leader in the sports technology space,” Kenny Gersh, executive vice president of business at Major League Baseball Advanced Media, told Fast Company, “to define the VR experience for baseball [and] present the game in a different way to our fans.” While analysts have predicted that virtual reality will be a $38 billion industry by 2026, it’s not yet a mainstream technology. Companies like Samsung have sold millions of VR headsets, but data suggests few people are using them regularly. And that’s why Gersh said he’s not certain that VR will succeed as a mainstream technology. Still, Major League Baseball wants to be part of shaping what VR could become. “I’d rather be there and help shape it,” he said, “rather than ignore it, and if it does take off . . . we’re not there.” advertisement That’s where companies like Intel are playing a vital role. The Santa Clara, California, tech giant is, of course, best known as a chip maker. But its portfolio goes far beyond powering computers and other devices. Recently, it decided to be a leader in VR, acquiring two companies that it hopes will solidify that position. First, it bought Voke, a developer of the VR cameras and technology that’s now at the heart of the Major League Baseball project. It also purchased Replay Technology, which has built a system for panoramic, 360-degree capture and playback of sports highlights. Those two deals together could make VR sports a billion-dollar business for Intel, according to Axios, and will be “one of the big pillars for Intel for the future,” said Sankar Jayaram, the CTO of Intel Sports Group. What’s clear is that Intel sees VR as a nascent technology, something that shows early promise for transforming a sports viewing experience that it says hasn’t fundamentally changed in 75 years, but will eventually be much more—a way to step into the action, being able to see plays in 360 degrees almost as if from the perspective of, say, Tom Brady. In the short term, those views are going to be curated by Intel, its league partners, and broadcasters. But over time, the company hopes, it will be able to let fans personalize how they see the most important plays by their favorite teams, and eventually, even be able to “walk around” inside live action. To be sure, the latter goal isn’t coming to a VR headset near you anytime soon. That’s going to take at least two years, if not more, Intel says. It’s coming, though, and when it does, fans should be able to experience sports in the way we’ve all wanted to our whole lives—being on the field, in the huddle, able to see how everyone’s moving, and following the ball as it moves. All without having to take a hit from 300-pound linebackers or 7-foot-tall centers, or having to actually try to hit a 95-mile-per-hour fastball. advertisement Stereoscopic Now, Volumetric In The Future When Major League Baseball begins live-streaming games in VR with next Tuesday’s Cleveland Indians versus Colorado Rockies matchup, fans with a Gear VR will be able to select from four different camera views that place them in different parts of Denver’s Coors Field. They’ll also be able to see up-to-the-moment player and team stats, and listen to announcers tailoring their commentary for VR. Gersh noted that what fans see when they immerse themselves in the first live MLB VR streams next week will likely have little in common with what they see by the end of the three-year partnership with Intel, given that VR capture, processing, and distribution technology will almost certainly improve significantly over the next few years. One way it’ll likely get better is by the eventual merging of the stereoscopic technology from Intel’s True VR group and the volumetric capture that came via the acquisition of Replay Technology. Fans have already gotten a taste of the volumetric approach—during NBA games, and more recently the Super Bowl. You’ve no doubt seen it on TV. The broadcast shows a replay of an exciting LeBron James dunk, when suddenly it pauses, rotates, and shows the paused play from 360 degrees. It seems like computer-generated magic. But it’s not. It’s actually the output of more than a couple dozen 4K cameras mounted all around arena and algorithms that automatically stitch all the imagery together into that one amazing replay. advertisement For now, all that’s possible is those static replays, shown either during TV broadcasts or in curated highlights that could be available through a mobile app. That’s just the beginning, though. Starting this fall, the NFL will have this technology, called FreeD, installed in several stadiums, making it available to fans at games on JumboTrons or on mobile apps. Intel and the NFL have agreed to install the system at 12 stadiums, according to Preston Phillips, the director of business development for Intel Sports Group. One of those venues is Levi’s Stadium, the Santa Clara home of the San Francisco 49ers. There, Intel has installed 38 5K cameras, which together capture terabytes of data, all of which is compiled into the futuristic replays. The goal, according to Phillips? To eventually supplant the traditional broadcast experience, based on six static cameras, with a fully immersive, real-time VR viewing experience that could put fans right in the middle of the play. Today, though, the technology is being used as a highlights product, he said. Fans at stadiums like Levi’s will see up to 11 of these clips a game—generally the “game-changing moments” that determine who wins or loses. Leagues like the NFL will also be able to use those highlights in whatever ways they want, for example, sending them out to fans the day after games. advertisement Yet, the 10-to-15-second replays can be produced in less than a minute, thanks to fiber connections between the cameras and a control room in each stadium. There, two Intel technicians, the “pilot and navigator,” in conjunction with the broadcasters, choose the plays they want to highlight, and turn them out. What fans see is essentially a virtual camera that shows the play from all angles. While the highlights are produced at stadiums today, the goal is to eventually do the processing in the cloud. That would mean that Intel, the leagues, or the broadcasters could process clips from multiple venues in a single location as they scale up. That all sounds great—until you realize that in a year or two, fans will be able to control these highlights themselves on their mobile devices. They’ll be able to choose the clips they want to watch, and eventually, even control the camera views themselves. They’ll be able to share the clips with friends, and, Phillips said, fans will be able to “be Tom Brady as you watch the game.” That will help fans better understand their favorite games, see how their favorite players explode off the line of scrimmage or dunk the ball, and simply get that much better an understanding of how the game works. “This is going to bring me much, much closer to [sports] than ever before,” Hopper said. “I think that value, these experiences, you might hear them referred to as ‘fan engagement,’ but for me, it’s far more than that. It’s immersion into the passion I have for my sport, my team, my players.” About the author Daniel Terdiman is a San Francisco-based technology journalist with nearly 20 years of experience. A veteran of CNET and VentureBeat, Daniel has also written for Wired, The New York Times, Time, and many other publications. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Technology How Far Can California Go It Alone After Trump Withdraws From Climate Accord? Technology Felix Wants To Help Frustrated Freelancers Get Paid Technology Trump’s Climate Decision Reeks Of Steve Bannon’s Influence advertisement Video Amazon Could Soon Parachute Your Deliveries--And Other Stories You Might've Missed How The Art World Could Influence Political Opinions Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Could Be A Huge Blow To The U.S. Economy Meet The Man (And Network) Behind Your Favorite TV Shows Kushner Ties Could Deter Tenants From Brooklyn's Iconic Watchtower Property Why Uber Might Owe You Money Sarah Michelle Gellar Is Disrupting The Baking Industry How This Google Employee Transformed His Career During A Bad Job Market You Can Control This Drone With Hand Gestures--And Other Stories You Might've Missed How These Film Buffs Turned Movie Trailer Spoofs Into A Successful YouTube Channel Trump Isn't The First President To Declare War On The Media Why Gwyneth Paltrow Is In Awe Of Women Entrepreneurs Could Ford’s New CEO Get Self-Driving Cars On The Road Faster? Ideas Ideas If These Giant Companies Can Switch To The Circular Economy, So Can Anyone Ideas Does The History Of The Doomsday Clock Make You Feel Better Or Worse About Right Now? Ideas By Pulling Out Of The Paris Agreement, Trump Just Threw Away America’s Biggest Business Opportunity Entertainment Entertainment The End Is Here: An Exit Interview With “The Leftovers” Creator Damon Lindelof Entertainment “Fear And Loathing” In The Perfect Pint Video: This Week In Music Entertainment Demetri Martin Made This Movie To Tell a Story The Way He Couldn’t Onstage Co.Design Product This Joystick Floats In Midair (And Controls Your Whole Life) Product WWDC 2017: The Ultimate Test Of Voice Interfaces Cities The Ambitious Project To Study Disasters From Space Fast Company Leadership Dear Art School Grads, Do What You Love—But Never For Free Leadership Can This Detroit Twentysomething Change The Democratic Party Before Politics Changes Him? Technology How Intel Is Using VR To Try To Change Sports Viewing Now And Into The Future Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Put Options on Marvell Technology Group (MRVL) Intel Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (INTC) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Holds Stake in TESARO Inc (TSRO) LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $138,000 Position in United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI) BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Sold by LS Investment Advisors LLC Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) Position Maintained by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hourglass Capital LLC Has $244,000 Position in Halliburton Company (HAL) LS Investment Advisors LLC Decreases Position in Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $140,000 Position in Dril-Quip, Inc. (DRQ) LS Investment Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in AerCap Holdings (AER) Comerica Bank Buys 3,410 Shares of Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Shares Sold by Comerica Bank KeyCorp Comments on Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (OLLI) Zacks: Brokerages Expect CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $237.45 Million Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $40.59 Million Position in Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) $1.59 Million in Sales Expected for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) This Quarter Bank of New York Mellon Corp Increases Position in Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $40.17 Million Position in Cable One Inc (CABO) Bunge Ltd (BG) Position Reduced by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Brady Corp (BRC) Shares Bought by Suntrust Banks Inc. Intel Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (INTC) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) saw some unusual options trading activity on Wednesday. Investors purchased 34,059 put options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 195% compared to the typical volume of 11,539 put options. Several analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Pacific Crest reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $43.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Friday, February 10th. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Sunday, February 12th. Citigroup Inc reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Intel in a research note on Saturday, February 11th. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Intel in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Vetr cut shares of Intel from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $37.50 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and twenty-seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $40.39. Intel (INTC) opened at 36.32 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $171.03 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.72 and a beta of 1.03. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $36.18 and a 200 day moving average of $36.07. Intel has a 52 week low of $30.44 and a 52 week high of $38.45. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The company had revenue of $14.80 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $14.80 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.54 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Intel will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th were issued a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.00%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, May 3rd. This is an increase from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. Intel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 49.29%. In other news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total value of $2,541,176.12. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 549,091 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Diane M. Bryant sold 1,639 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.85, for a total transaction of $60,397.15. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 113,357 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,177,205.45. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 119,993 shares of company stock valued at $4,276,027. 0.09% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Stuart Chaussee & Associates Inc. increased its position in shares of Intel by 2.2% in the first quarter. Stuart Chaussee & Associates Inc. now owns 2,896 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 61 shares during the period. Edmond DE Rothschild Monaco bought a new position in shares of Intel during the third quarter valued at approximately $113,000. Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Intel during the third quarter valued at approximately $119,000. America First Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Intel by 3.7% in the first quarter. America First Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,592 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 128 shares during the period. Finally, Fusion Family Wealth LLC bought a new position in shares of Intel during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $133,000. Institutional investors own 65.90% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Intel Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (INTC)” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/intel-sees-unusually-large-options-volume-intc.html. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Why Is Advanced Micro Devices Slashing Prices Of Ryzen 7 Chips? Shanthi Rexaline Benzinga June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD)'s high profile Ryzen 7 desktop processors launched in early March amid much fanfare and expectations is made cheaper in about three months following its commercial launch. Ryzen Rising Ryzen 7 is AMD's 8-core desktop processor, which has a Zen core and comes in three models, namely the flagship 1800X model and the 1700X and 1700 models. The company had then demonstrated the Ryzen 7 1800X's superiority over a similarly configured 8-core, 16-thread core Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) i7-6900K in Cinebench R15 multi-threaded and Handbrake-based video transcoding, while also showing comparable 4K gaming performance. The launch pricing of the Ryzen 7 models: 1800X: $499. 1700X: $399. 1700: $329. After First 'Ryzen Quarter' Results, Stock Tumbled Following the release of its first-quarter results, which revealed largely in-line results and positive second-quarter guidance, the stock plunged 24.2 percent to $10.32 on May 2. This is despite the hype-surrounding the first Ryzen quarter. Analysts attributed the weakness to profit taking after the strong run up seen since early 2016. In 2016 alone, the stock gained 295.1 percent. AMD ChartMore Source: Y Charts Subsequently, in April, AMD launched its Ryzen 5 processors, with experts claiming the 6-core, 12-thread Ryzen 5 1600X gaming processor would give Intel's K-series Corr i5 chip a run for its money. Upcoming Launches Abound With several upcoming catalysts, namely the impending launch of Ryzen 3 series meant for Mainstream consumers, Naples server processor and RX Vega gaming card to be released at the end of July, it looks like the stock would recover from its post-earnings swoon in the near-to-medium term. Vega is AMD's high-end graphics architecture pitted against NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA)‘s GTX 1080. It is against this backdrop the news concerning AMD slashing prices of its Ryzen 7 series emanated. The new pricing reads: 1800X: $450. 1700X: $350. 1700: $315. Why Announce The Price Cut Now? At its Financial Analyst Day on May 16, AMD announced details of its Ryzen Threadripper CPUs — that it would have 16 core, 32 threads, built on an "all new HEDT platform." The company also indicated that it would be launched in the summer. The Ryzen Threadripper is seen as a competing product to Intel's Core i9 line up, which would cost $2,000 for the 18-core model and $1,700 for a 16-core mode, according to Digital Trends. View more earnings on AMD Given the Ryzen Threadripper has double the count of the Ryzen 7 chips and AMD's focus on performance-price ratio, Digital Trends estimates that the Threadripper could be priced at $900. It is not uncommon for companies to slash prices when a new series of the product is to be launched. However, Digital Trends does not see this as the case. AMD's wont of offering an appealing performance-price ration could have driven the decision to cut prices ahead of the Threadripper launch. There is also a view that the price cut is the company's attempt to find out how consumers react to various price points. With a lot going on with the company, it remains to be seen if AMD regains its lost glory and emerge as the frontrunner in the chip market. Related Links: Analyst On Advanced Micro Devices: 'Margins Not Ryzen' Goldman Analyst Was Spot On With His Bearish Advanced Micro Devices Thesis, Sees Further Downside ________ Image Credit: By Quintin Lin - https://www.flickr.com/photos/quintinmarkkimo/8982670983, CC BY-SA 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for AMD Date Firm Action From To May 2017 Loop Capital Downgrades Buy Hold May 2017 Macquarie Downgrades Neutral Underperform Apr 2017 Goldman Sachs Initiates Coverage On Sell View More Analyst Ratings for AMD View the Latest Analyst Ratings See more from Benzinga Sympathy Moves, Explained: Unsympathetic Earnings Season Continues As Nvidia, Advanced Micro Devices Diverge Signs The Desktop GPU Market Is Oversaturated Keep Analyst Underweight On Nvidia Goldman Analyst Was Spot On With His Bearish Advanced Micro Devices Thesis, Sees Further Downside © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Wunderlich's Art Hogan explains why now is not the time for investors to 'hit the exits' CNBC Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored 4 big market moves to review before hitting restart on Trump Trade CNBC New 2017 MacBook Pros Due At WWDC 2017: Key (Rumored) Specs Forbes In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video Al Gore: Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Agreement ‘threatens the ability of humanity to solve the climate crisis in time’ Dsi: Trump did not stop America's programs to reduce CC. He just stopped America from having to give millions to the world's biggest polluters. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.6k
Monday 5 Jun 2017 / Tehran - 08:08 / GMT - 03:38 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology http://fna.ir/X0KOZG Sat Jun 03, 2017 12:25 AMD Cuts Ryzen 7 Prices, Readies Threadripper CPU Lineup Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- AMD trimmed the price on existing Ryzen 7 CPUs but were hoping for a bit of a price cut first. AMD’s Ryzen family has been a major story ever since it debuted several months ago. We know there’s a new high-end, 16-core variant, dubbed Threadripper, on its way in the not-too-distant future, and now we’ve got some early rumors on what clock speeds might be. Oh — and AMD has trimmed the price on existing Ryzen 7 CPUs as well, in case you’re interested in buying into that family, but were hoping for a bit of a price cut first. Let’s talk about the price cutting first. It’s not clear yet if the current price trimming is permanent or not, but Tech Report reports that the Ryzen 7 1700 has gotten trimmed from $329 to $315, the Ryzen 7 1700X has dropped to $350 from $399, and the Ryzen 7 1800X is dropping from $500 to $460. The cuts are fairly modest, ranging from about 5 percent to ~13 percent. AMD hasn’t given any reason for the price trimming, but if I had to guess, I’d guess that the company is testing the waters at various prices to see how consumers respond. CPU prices have been static for so long, it’s easy to forget that these kinds of periodic price cuts used to be the norm. Back when AMD and Intel were in direct competition with each other, it was normal for prices to drop on a regular basis as new, faster parts were introduced. Both companies still enforced price banding and kept their mainstream, high-end, and server parts separate, but it wasn’t unusual to see chip prices fall on a regular basis. Neither AMD nor Intel launch new parts at the speeds they used to, and Ryzen 7 is relatively new, so I suspect something different may be happening here (assuming, of course, that these aren’t just temporary prices to goose sales a bit during Computex). AMD’s Ryzen 7 is the most competitive desktop CPU the company has launched in over a decade. Phenom II (aka Deneb) was a good part for its day, but it didn’t compete particularly well against Nehalem, which had been in market for over a year by the time Deneb debuted in early 2009. Ryzen 7, in contrast, takes the fight directly to Intel’s top-end HEDT markets, and it does so at dramatically lower prices. Our own benchmark comparison of Ryzen 7 1800X versus its various Intel counterparts like the 6900K and 6950X are shown, and our full review is here. The flip side to this, however, is that AMD is retaking some degree of market share in spaces where it hasn’t competed for a number of years. It’s hard to accurately guide on price when there’s no near-term market data to draw on, the response from your primary competitor is uncertain, and the PC market is moving in different directions depending on where you look. Overall PC unit shipments have fallen from 365 million units in 2011 to 269.7 million units in 2016, while gaming and enthusiast markets have continued to grow throughout that period. It’s not surprising, therefore, to see AMD playing a bit with Ryzen 7 pricing, and again, all of this assumes that the new prices aren’t temporary. AMD’s Threadripper Lineup Meanwhile, on the Threadripper front, Hot Hardware has a rumored spec sheet of future Ryzen Threadripper parts. There isn’t just one Threadripper SKU — there are nine, ranging from the R9 1955 (10 cores, 20 threads, 3.1GHz base, 3.7GHz Turbo) to the R9 1998X (16 cores, 32 threads, 3.5GHz base, 3.8GHz Turbo). AMD’s top-end 10-core part would be a 125W TDP core with a 3.6GHz base and 3.9GHz Turbo, as compared to Intel’s Core i7-7900X, with a 3.3GHz base clock and 4.3GHz Turbo. As always, all of these specs should be taken with a substantial grain of salt. But while these are rumored specs, they’re rumored specs that make reasonable sense based on what we know about Ryzen’s performance, frequency scaling, and overall capabilities. I’d expect the final figures to be within 5-10 percent of these clocks and TDPs. There’s only so much, however, that these spec sheets can tell us. Even if they’re accurate, the big question will be how effectively these big-core chips can maintain their clock speeds, and at what core counts. The more cores on any given piece of silicon, the harder it’ll be to move heat out of that die effectively and to keep the chip running at top frequency. Which company does a better job on this front could be critical to determining which company pulls ahead in the inevitable benchmark wars. It’s interesting to watch AMD and Intel fight this battle now compared with AMD’s original surge, from 1999 through 2006. Back then, AMD started with a relatively high-end consumer CPU (Athlon), followed by a lower-end budget chip (Duron). It had a server platform for K7 (the AMD 760MP and less-expensive 760MPX), but didn’t get serious about that market until Opteron debuted in 2003. AMD is being much more aggressive this time around, taking on Intel’s entire product stack in desktop, high-end desktop, and in servers via Epyc, while simultaneously prepping updated APUs with Vega graphics for mobile and budget desktop markets. No matter what else happens, the next six months are going to be very interesting for the CPU market.         LATEST STORIES (8) Syrian Army Controls 22 Villages, Farms near Maskan in Eastern Aleppo Homs: Army Forces Claim More Territory in Syria's Desert Iraqi Volunteer Forces Capture Ba'aj West of Mosul from ISIL Iraqis Leave Zanjili Neighborhood as Security Forces Continue Fighting ISIL in Western Mosul Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Pounding ISIL with Rockets in Syrian Border Region Syria: Army Soldiers Recapture Maskana's Water Pumping Station in Eastern Aleppo 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Attacks Damascus: Inside Syrian Army's Tank Factory US-Backed Militants Take Control of Syria's 3rd largest Dam as Kurds Allow ISIL to Withdraw from Raqqa Syrian Soldiers Expel ISIL from Aleppo; Maskana Freed Envoy: Iran to Continue Supporting Syria in Anti-Terror Fight Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack in UK Iran Warns Against Terrorist Plots to Undermine Security in Region Iran: Paris Deal Withdrawal Shows US Irresponsibility Towards Int'l Community Dara'a: Syrian Army Kills Tens of Al-Nusra Terrorists, 3 Commanders Syrian Army Controls 22 Villages, Farms near Maskan in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army managed to capture 22 villages and farms near Maskana and eventually forced the ISIL terrorists to retreat from its last stronghold in Aleppo province, the town of Maskana, towards Raqqa province. [VIDEO] Homs: Army Forces Claim More Territory in Syria's Desert TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army continued anti-ISIL operations in Eastern Homs, advancing in more areas towards Tadmur (Palmyra) and the province's oil fields and retaking control of several points. [VIDEO] Iraqi Volunteer Forces Capture Ba'aj West of Mosul from ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's Popular Forces captured the town of Ba'aj and its vicinity from the ISIL terror group, further shrinking the Northern region under their control as part of a comprehensive campaign to retake the city of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Iraqis Leave Zanjili Neighborhood as Security Forces Continue Fighting ISIL in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi families left the Zanjili neighborhood in Western Mosul, as security forces continue offensive to retake the city from ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Pounding ISIL with Rockets in Syrian Border Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Popular Forces continue pounding ISIL positions in border regions with Syria and managed to fully liberate al-Ba’aj District in Nineveh Province from the grip of the terrorist group. [VIDEO] Syria: Army Soldiers Recapture Maskana's Water Pumping Station in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued their advances against ISIL near Lake Assad in Eastern Aleppo, and seized control over the Maskana's water pumping station before capturing the town of Maskana hours later. [VIDEO] 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Attacks TEHRAN (FNA)- Seven people were killed and dozens more injured as three knife-wielding assailants sped across London Bridge in a white van, ramming numerous pedestrians, before emerging with large hunting knives for a stabbing spree in the capital’s Borough Market, a popular and crowded night spot. [PHOTOS] Damascus: Inside Syrian Army's Tank Factory TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian engineers and workers mount the repaired engines of army tanks and military vehicles at a workshop of a plant for repairing and rebuilding armored vehicles in Damascus. [PHOTOS] US-Backed Militants Take Control of Syria's 3rd largest Dam as Kurds Allow ISIL to Withdraw from Raqqa TEHRAN (FNA)- The predominately Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) continued the fourth phase of their Euphrates Rage Operation in Raqqa province and managed to take control of al-Ba'ath dam, the third largest water reservoir in the country. Syrian Soldiers Expel ISIL from Aleppo; Maskana Freed TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army captured the strategic town of Maskana as the last ISIL stronghold in Aleppo province. Envoy: Iran to Continue Supporting Syria in Anti-Terror Fight TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Ambassador to Damascus Javad Torkabadi renewed his country's support for the Syrian government and nation against terrorist and extremist groups. Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack in UK TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi condemned the Saturday's terrorist attack in London. Iran Warns Against Terrorist Plots to Undermine Security in Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi warned against the rising terrorist attacks aimed at undermining regional security. Iran: Paris Deal Withdrawal Shows US Irresponsibility Towards Int'l Community TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi underlined that a sudden decision by US President Donald Trump to pull his country out of the Paris agreement on climate change shows Washington's lack of accountability towards the international community. Dara'a: Syrian Army Kills Tens of Al-Nusra Terrorists, 3 Commanders TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army continued it military operations against Al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front or the Levant Liberation Board) in Dara'a province, killing tens of terrorists, including several senior commanders. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad RIP File History File History may be going away with the Fall Creators Update Swipe away Wordflow is coming to Windows 10 PCs and tablets Windows 10 tip Disabling Fast User Switching on Windows 10 LIVE PODCAST Join us LIVE for the Windows Central Video Podcast today at 2:30PM ET Bang for your buck These are the best affordable Windows 10 tablets < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Making hardware invisible Windows 10 on ARM is NOT Windows RT all over again By Daniel Rubino Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 1:00 pm EDT 144 Comments Daniel Rubino is executive editor of Windows Central. He has been covering Microsoft since 2009 back when this site was called WMExperts (and later Windows Phone Central). His interests include Windows, Surface, HoloLens, Xbox, and future computing visions. Follow him on Twitter: @daniel_rubino. Despite past history, Microsoft's Windows 10 on ARM is vastly different than Windows RT. Here are the main differences. Microsoft and Qualcomm are moving forward with their Windows 10 on ARM initiative, which is expected to debut publicly in late in 2017 with new devices from HP, ASUS, and Lenovo. Taking Windows 10 from the Intel processors to the ones found in high-end smartphones is one of the biggest, most substantial jumps in modern computing history, because it opens the floodgates to new always-connected consumer experiences. One area of confusion that I want to put to rest is that somehow Windows 10 on ARM will be crippled, à la Windows RT, which was riddled with unfortunate complications. That is not the case. Windows 10 on ARM is just Windows 10 Part of the problem Microsoft is facing — at least amongst enthusiasts — is the misunderstanding around the varieties of Windows in 2017. At least for consumers there are a lot of configurations (or stock-keeping units [SKUs]), including: Windows 10 Home — The normal, run of the mill Windows 10 that lacks the advanced networking and management features found in Windows 10 Pro. Windows 10 Home users can at any time upgrade to Windows 10 Pro through the Store for a $99 fee. Windows 10 S — Mostly an education version that limits installation of apps to the Windows Store. However, it will also be featured on the new Surface Laptop. Like Windows 10 Home, it can be upgraded to Windows 10 Pro for free through 2017 and for $49 after that. Windows 10 Pro — Geared towards those who need remote desktop management and some other non-essential consumer features, Pro comes with many high-end laptops and PCs, including the Surface Pro, Surface Book, and Surface Studio. Any versions of an OS can be confusing, but so far, these variants of Windows 10 are cut and dry with only a few minor differences. They can all run proper Win32 desktop applications and act like full Windows. Only Windows 10 S has some limits. Windows 10 on ARM is not Windows RT Where things seemingly get messy is with architecture, which refers to the underlying hardware required to run Windows 10. Since its inception, Windows has run on Intel x86 (32-bit) and more recently x64 (64-bit) Intel and AMD processors. These are the familiar Intel Core, Pentium, and Atom processors that are sold in consumer desktops, laptops, and tablets. Windows 10 on ARM is nothing like Windows RT. In 2012, Microsoft put a version of Windows onto an ARM processor, specifically a 1.3GHz Nvidia Tegra 3 with the Surface RT. The problem there as many remember was that version could not run proper Win32 desktop applications. It looked like full Windows, but it was limited to the Windows Marketplace, which itself was nascent at the time. This limitation and the radical UI shift of Windows 8 doomed Windows RT to a niche category before fading from the market altogether. Here we are again in 2017 with Microsoft putting Windows on ARM. Same thing as RT, right? Far from it. Here is why Windows 10 on ARM is very different than RT. Windows 10 on ARM is SKU agnostic — Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) can put Windows 10 Home, Windows 10 S, or Windows 10 Pro for ARM onto any device. Just like PCs and laptops today this decision will come down to target markets (consumer versus education) and desired price points (Home is cheaper than Pro to license). Windows 10 on ARM can run Win32 applications — Windows RT could only run a subset of proper Win32 applications like Microsoft Office, and users could not install anything else. Due to Microsoft's new emulation layer (which is a bit mysterious at this point), Windows 10 on ARM should run any application whether it is from the Windows Store or user-installed via .exe files. Windows 10 on ARM is upgradable to new SKUs — Just like today, if you buy a Windows 10 on ARM device with Windows 10 Home you should be able to upgrade to Pro. The same applies to Windows 10 S editions that can be upgraded to Pro to install non-Windows Store applications. From this perspective, Windows 10 on ARM is nothing like Windows RT. What you can say is that Microsoft seemingly learned its lessons from Windows RT and fixed all of that for version 2.0. It's approaching the problem differently this time while retaining the benefits of using an ARM hardware architecture — better battery life, instant-on capability, and 4G LTE Advanced cellular connectivity. The 'cellular PC' revolution begins: full Windows 10 and desktop apps are coming to mobile ARM chips The most important takeaway here is that Windows 10 on ARM does not mean it's Windows 10 S. One is the hardware architecture, the other is an OS SKU, but they are not bound to each other. In fact, Microsoft and Qualcomm have demonstrated Windows 10 on ARM using mostly Windows 10 Pro so far. Why this probably doesn't matter to you After reading this, you may be throwing up your hands exclaiming it's all too complicated. Indeed, once you break it down by OS SKUs and hardware architectures, it is messy. None of this even accounts for Windows 10 Mobile (itself ARM 32 but there are internal ARM 64 builds too). To the consumer, though, none of these intricacies matter. Here's why. Emulation layer and structure of Windows 10 on ARM. When your average person walks into a Best Buy or a Microsoft Store, they will simply see Windows devices. Some will be thin and less powerful with 4G connectivity (new "cellular PCs") while others will be bigger but much more powerful like a Dell XPS 15 (9560) running a quad-core Core i7 with 32GB of RAM and a 1TB of storage. Windows 10 S Review The hardware architecture — x86, x64, or ARM — won't be a visible factor. All these devices have Windows 10 and can run Win32 applications. Differences will be found in price points, size, form factor, performance, and 4G connectivity — the same hardware variants we've seen for years now. This observation gets back to Microsoft's long-term goal for Windows: make the underlying hardware architecture invisible to the end-user but deliver the same Windows experience. That was not the case with Windows RT, but it is the case with Windows 10 on ARM. Microsoft's long-term goal for Windows: make the underlying hardware architecture invisible to the end-user. Reading Microsoft's roadmap, it should be clear the same will happen with Windows 10 Mobile as that gets folded into proper Windows 10. The key to making that happen is still down the road with CShell and Project Andromeda, which is needed to shift the UI to different experiences. For instance, imagine having a proper Game Mode on your Razer Blade gaming laptop that shows an Xbox One UI instead of Windows 10. Questions remain ... None of this is to say that Windows 10 on ARM is a slam dunk. Big questions remain regarding performance. Initial reports coming out of Computex claim the experience of running Windows 10 on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 feels like running the OS on a Compute Stick. Presumably, that puts the Snapdragon 835 around an Atom or Core-m3 level of performance, which is impressive but still far from a proper dual-core Core i7 or even quad-core experience. Other questions remain about how well the Win32 emulation runs legacy applications and if it lives up to expectations. Battery life, standby times, software bugs and integration with modern hardware will also be up for review. Those are all legitimate concerns. But there's a lot to be optimistic about. I think the next few years we will see Qualcomm's ARM architecture make steady advances in power and performance. The Snapdragon 835 gets the foot in the door to be comparable to x64 Intel chips but is still behind in some ways. And it should be leaps and bounds better than a 2011-era Nvidia Tegra 3. Qualcomm is already reportedly gearing up for Snapdragon 84x for the end of 2017 or early 2018 — again, another octa-core 10nm variant — which will push the category further. Combined with Microsoft's continued streamlining of Windows 10 and the Universal Windows Platform (UWP), the user experience should be excellent. Running UWP apps even on an anemic Intel Atom chip is still a better experience than running old Win32 applications, which are slow and sluggish by comparison. Microsoft's future for computing erases the underlying hardware from the equation. Windows 10 on ARM is just another example of an OS spreading – in theory, unhindered – to new systems, resulting in never-before-seen devices. The only thing consumers need to worry about is what PC and experience they want and can afford. In other words, leave the nitty-gritty details to Microsoft and just be productive. Reader comments Windows 10 on ARM is NOT Windows RT all over again 144 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating ravensec Curious to see these things flesh out a little and compare them to the intel based products.  0 1 sec ago Reply jacobdrj About being emulate x86 apps: I think complex software, like engineering and manufacturing software, will test this claim heavily. Particularly depending on licensing models that differ from standard models that Microsoft is used to. The software the company I work for has a very complicated architecture (think database backend with production line and reporting windows based GUI, that can connect to PLCs) written in a relatively obscure language, and can be difficult to install even when customers follow instructions (external IT related permissions, firewalls, etc.) I would be shocked if it were installable on ARM based Windows 10 systems as this article suggests. I'd be pleasantly shocked, but shocked... 0 1 hour ago Reply cool8man In terms of usability I agree WoA is absolutely not Windows RT. When a consumer decides to install desktop applications they won't run into the immediate record scratching roadblock that RT users faced. That being said I do think there are some similar obstacles to RT in that it is not clear yet what the immediate benefit to consumers will be. Will the battery life, cost, and design of these WoA devices be significantly better than a low-mid range Intel device? Will Qualcomm be able to improve the performance of Snapdragon fast enough so that they continue to surpass the value of all of Intel's low-end processors (Pentium, Celeron, Atom, Core M, etc.)? Only because Qualcomm can leverage their smartphone business do I even believe there is a possibility for them to be competitive with Intel on PCs. Will Intel strong arm OEMs to keep them from adopting Qualcomm chips? It is doubtful that Intel will sit idle while Qualcomm invades the PC market. 0 4 hours ago Reply 12Danny123 I don't think Intel can compete against ARM. As ARM is a company that licenses to other companies like NVidia, Apple, Samsung, Qualcomm etc. Even then strong arming OEMs is antitrust, so Microsoft will likely just add more CPU companies into the mix. I do hope NVidia comes into the mix. 0 3 hours ago Reply Remyj I have not heard anyone mention how peripherals like printers and scanners will work and connect in the ARM world. It was difficult enough to get an existing printer in Windows XP to function in Windows 7 64 bit. How do we take a printer in Windows 10 x64 to an ARM based computer? One of the things that hampers Android is the lack of hardware support from the socal vendor when devices get old. The main reason it is difficult to upgrade my 2013 LG G3 phone from Kit Kat to Nugget is lack of drivers. My main complaint with Android all along has been the difficulty of software upgrades on older devices that still have decent hardware. Will HP provide drivers and software so I can upgrade to a new Windows 10 ARM PC from my old Core 2 Duo PC? Will my old x86 sound application that requires a connection to the Windows sound driver work on Windows 10 ARM? So until I know that these things will be resolved I am going to continue with the uneasy feeling that this new Windows 10 on ARM might be at least partially a rerun of Windows RT. 0 11 hours ago Reply calbro I never thought RT was complicated because Microsoft explained RT. What really made it a failure especially for me was the high price for an ARM processor which was never comparable in performance to an X86 chip and the applications are far more limited than can run smoothly which in itself my be a stretch for me to say.  I think what really convinced Microsoft to go whole hog with this is when they found they could modify and optimize Office suite to run on an ARMs processor which is a heavy application and needed the power of an X86 chip. Because of this success the decision was then made to go all in.  This is a monumental achievement by any company and with the power of such a large and powerful partner base both here and abroad now with the ability to target all sectors with one OS I see sustainable success practically long term. 0 16 hours ago Reply SnipingNinjaX1 Why not just use an intel Y seeies processor? It's almost as power efficant and can support thunferbolt 3 and NVMe. I feel like ARM lack a lot of essential features. 0 21 hours ago Reply FiveIronKrabski Am I to be labeled as a deserter for switching to android while we await Microsoft's "Surface" Phone? 0 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams NO...you are labeled SMART fiveiron. 0 15 hours ago Reply MrGoodSmith It was only a matter of time before hardware becomes powerful and efficient enough to run Windows on a handheld form factor. I was expecting this day a long time ago. 0 1 day ago Reply Drael646464 Andromeda is a ceullular device, with 2 sets of gyros and a hinge angle variable, as well as a composable shell of its own, and an OS variant of its own.  0 1 day ago Reply Richard Loveridge I don't see why anyone would think it is. Unless he's trolling. 0 1 day ago Reply Zeroplanetz Bring windows 10 on arm to my surface rt now please :) 1 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams Not happening zeroplanetz. 0 15 hours ago Reply Zeroplanetz Oh i know. Would be cool to see how it would run though. 0 14 hours ago Reply Steve Adams Im not sure.  I was hoping when they announced as well,  as my asus vivotab RT LTE would have new life,  but I think the processing power is not there.   I do use my RT device daily.  It still chugs along for what I use it for. 0 5 hours ago Reply Zeroplanetz I use my rt daily as well. Works great for its purpose 0 5 hours ago Reply wshwe I would like to see Windows put on some of the high end Chromebooks. For instance Samsung has come out with the gorgeous Chromebook Plus and Pro. Both have nearly identical designs , but have different processors. The Plus uses an ARM processor while the Pro has an Intel processor. Both come with a pen. Both can run Android apps. 1 1 day ago Reply remmo An emulation layer to allow x86 apps on ARM is interesting, but what about the opposite? If developers create ARM-only apps for Windows on ARM, are those apps able to run on x86/x64 computers? 0 1 day ago Reply ParaDoX94 New Windows on ARM apps will most likely be UWP, so they'll run everywhere. 1 4 hours ago Reply Hotmail Alias Why do tech journalists have to confuse everyone when there is no confusion to begin with? Just to add one more article with their byline?  As far as the average non-techie buyer is concerned, he will just be buying a Windows PC with better battery life and always-on connectivity (and probably voice calling too). Thats what the salesman will tell him. He might make it sound like a huge upgrade on the other PCs, but at a cheaper price (hopefully) and credit it to R&D by Microsoft. For the informed buyer, he is aware that Windows on ARM is just Windows and Microsoft has succeeded in running it on ARM processors - so HURRAH. Where does Windows RT come into the discussion? Most people have even forgotten about Windows RT . Even Microsoft has forgotten all about it. But tech journalists are creating unnecessary FUD by bringing it up again and again. Give it a break guys.   0 2 days ago Reply Jose_Rey I haven't forgotten about RT and I've never owned an RT machine. I think this article was necessary for those of us confused regarding Windows on ARM and Windows 10 S<---Basically RT all over again but this time with the ability to upgrade to full Windows. 0 1 day ago Reply Howdy_Dudey Excellent article. Can't wait for version 2 (you never buy version 1) 0 2 days ago Reply tN0 Fun fact: Windows RT was originally called Windows on ARM. 0 2 days ago Reply Cruncher04 Thats because the new "Windows on ARM" is also just Windows RT + x86 emulation technically speaking. 2 2 days ago Reply Steve Adams I forgot all about that!!!!!  haha.  That is a FUN FACT.   My RT tablet says for about a week on stand by as well. 0 15 hours ago Reply tk825 will it hibernate? RT didn't and only went to sleep. Battery dies after 3 days :( 0 2 days ago Reply Cruncher04 Windows RT was going into connected standby, which lasts about a week (On both my Surface RT and Surface 2) 0 2 days ago Reply midnightfrolic I think of it as regular Windows 10 on lightweight hardware. For most regular users, this should be fine. I already do a lot of computing and shopping on my 950xl. 0 2 days ago Reply frnlh Since I am old-timer, let me remind Dan Rubino and others that MS has NOT been married to X86. When you say, "Windows has run on Intel x86 (32-bit) and more recently x64 (64-bit) Intel and AMD processors," you are forgetting that Windows (and DOS before it) were actually multi-platform. You could also run on DEC Alpha processers, on IBM PowerPC proccessors and on Motorolla 6800 and 68000 series processors, in addition to, originally, 16-bit Intel Architecture processors then 32-bit then 64-bit and the variations and capabilities of each of the generations. My point is that MS has always been rather platform agnostic. They have run their software on different processor architectures, and they write the code in such a way that it can take advantage of much of each processor's native capabilities. So, adding supporting a new processor, namely Qualcomm now, is nothing at all revolutionary; it is mostly a matter of writing only the low-level routines and telephony. 2 2 days ago Reply GraniteStateColin Generally agree, but to be specfic, that was Windows NT (3.5 and 4.0), but applications needed to be compiled for the other CPUs, which is different here -- standard Win32 apps compiled for x86 will run on ARM. I don't believe DOS ever ran on anything other than x86 architecture. And it would be weird if it did. DOS didn't provide a significant API support, it was just a disk operating system. Applications provided almost everything but the disk access routines. That's why there were mulitple DOS provides for PCs -- the OS mattered a lot less than the CPU and BIOS in those days. 0 1 day ago Reply StudentoflifeUSMC DOS is merely another iteration of the UNIX CLI (command line interface) It was just a simplification of AT&T's UNIX CLI that stripped out all of the server-based/network based commands and instead streamlined for a single terminal with only local hardware. Simply another flavor, much like CP/M was before it the forefront operating system through the Commodore +4, 64, 128 line of home computers.  For many of us in our late 30s/early 40s, commodores were the first computer that was in our homes.  frnlh is correct: there were versions of DOS rewritten to work on non x86 hardware, and for the most part it was relatively easy because of DOS' lineage. It was only once we started adding GUIs and peripherals that interface became much more fragmented.  That and you had a LOT of legal arguments between IBM/Microsoft/Motorola/Intel/Apple over intellectual property rights in the mid-late 80s.  These suits and rivalries defined many of the software/hardware limitations that we see now.  When I was growing up, a popular meme was "Windows isn't done until Lotus 1-2-3 can't run."    0 22 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin @StudentoflifeUSMC, we may be saying approxmiately the same thing. There were many things called "DOS" on various systems. DOS was descriptive, not a brand, even though on each platform, the brand part was generally not used. My beloved Apple ][+ ran "Apple DOS 3.3," which was only referred to DOS 3.3. That was completely unrelated to Microsoft's DOS, totally different commands, etc. And yes, MS-DOS was largely inspired by the UNIX systems avaliable on DEC PDPs and other systems, but also had key differences due both the architectural differences (server supporting many dumb terminals, like VT-100 and up) and the commands (e.g., 'dir' vs 'ls' to get a list of files in the current directory). But MS-DOS (or PC-DOS as licensed to IBM, and competitors with similar code roots like DR-DOS) specifically was just the interaface for the 8086 and then the cheaper 8088 chips and their disk drives with a simple command prompt. It was built specifically for IBM to work with the IBM PC.  The API for Windows and the need for an API to support the GUI is really what changed the importance of the OS. Before that, programs were compiled for the CPU (x86, 68000, 6502, etc.) and the OS was mostly irrelevant. But with Windows and its API, Microsoft was able to provide a very similar environment on other systems like the MIPS, Alpha, PowerPC, etc. Unlike what Microsoft is promising here with Windows on ARM, where Win32 programs will run unmodified on ARM architecture, back with Windows NT programs still needed to be compiled specifically for the CPU, but because the API was the same, as long as the programs relied mostly on the Windows API for their system functions, recompiling for the different destinations was straightforward. Note that the non-NT Windows before Windows 95 were not really operating systems. Through Windows 3.1.1 (aka Windows for Workgroups), Windows was really just a program with an API layer that ran on top of MS-DOS. Windows NT and then Windows 95 were true operating systems, but only NT and then Windows 2000 (which finally united NT OS technology with the more consumer-friendly UI of the Windows 95/98/Me line), were fully preemptive multitasking systems that had full control over system resources like the UNIX operating systems had provided for years. Windows 95, 98, and ME (and Apple's Mac OS before version 10, or X, which is really just UNIX BSD) used "cooperative multitasking," which relied on the individual programs to be polite to each other and return control to the OS when not busy. Not a very good system. I completely agree with you on the Lotus issues. Microsoft notoriously included functions in Windows starting at least with version 3.0 that only Microsoft knew about, so that Word and Excel worked well in the new GUI environment, while WordPerfect and Lotus struggled. It was that set of business practices and the associated anti-competitive lawsuits that dog them today. I would argue that MS is now the most customer and partner friendly of the big tech companies, but the history of really harsh business tactics from their distant past is partly responsible for the perception that MS is the bad guy. There's a good business strategy lesson in there for entrepreneurs. That behavior even led me to shift from Windows to OS/2 until even IBM gave up on it shortly after MS released Windows 95. 0 14 hours ago Reply atulk malhotra You used the word 'techie' for Droid users ....lol 0 2 days ago Reply SydneyTechHead My guess is that W10 on ARM will be somilar to RT to the extent that the OS will be compiled to run on ARM natively (so is optimised for performance and battery life) and emulation will be limited to old Win 32 and Centennial apps which were compiled to run on x86. New UWP apps will also work natively via ARM-compiled .NET libraries etc. 2 2 days ago Reply atulk malhotra Everything that I throw at it will work like Windows of the old. I don't care if it carries ARM or x86/64 or anything else ! 0 2 days ago Reply 12Danny123 I agree, this is the most likely senario.  0 2 days ago Reply Cruncher04 Indeed this is the case. 0 2 days ago Reply 12Danny123 Yep, I think it's a great opportunity for MS to get UWP going, by keeping native ARM applications compiling binaries UWP only. 0 3 hours ago Reply mathizel Great piece. However, it is sad that it's necessary that this is written thanks to how Microsoft has handled customers in the past. 0 2 days ago Reply Pavel Gotze Ok so result is - wait at least to next year. As usual. -2 2 days ago Reply Steve Adams I think that S updates to home....not pro for 49.   then it's another 99 to go from home to pro....do I have that right? -11 2 days ago Reply Steve Adams nice downvote fanboy. -7 2 days ago Reply Icthiodrak That is not correct. You go from 10 S to Pro for $49. If you need accessibility features then you can get that for free. I believe it is also free if you have an Office 365 subscription. 5 2 days ago Reply Steve Adams So,  it's cheaper for 10s to move to pro than windows home to move to pro.   hmmmm interesting.   0 15 hours ago Reply 12Danny123 Because, Windows 10 S is a variant of Pro. It has all the features that Pro has except restrictions to the Store and only Azure AD 0 3 hours ago Reply poit57 See my reply to the previous comment. In Microsoft's words, "Windows 10 S is a specific configuration of Windows 10 Pro..."  The upgrade path for the $49 charge is to Windows 10 Pro as many news outlets have reported since Windows 10 S was first announced. 3 2 days ago Reply shaunydub Windows 10 Home users can at any time upgrade to Windows 10 Pro through the Store for a $99 fee. Windows 10 S — Mostly an education version that limits installation of apps to the Windows Store. However, it will also be featured on the new Surface Laptop. Like Windows 10 Home, it can be upgraded to Windows 10 Pro for free through 2017 and for $49 after that.   Why is it 99 to upgrade from home to pro but 49 from S to Pro?? How much is it from S to Home or is that not possible? 0 2 days ago Reply poit57 There is no upgrade path from Windows 10 S to Windows 10 Home. According to Microsoft's FAQ's about Windows 10 S: How does Windows 10 S compare to Windows 10 Home and Windows 10 Pro? Windows 10 S is a specific configuration of Windows 10 Pro and has many of its features, but for security and performance it exclusively runs apps from the Windows Store and uses Microsoft Edge as its default browser. For more details on the differences, see the feature comparison chart.    1 2 days ago Reply Dan Harris Oh that's good. Hope it has BitLocker out of the box. 0 1 day ago Reply l00natic71 I would love to have a 7" to 8" Windows ARM tablet with phone capabilities. I could use a wireless headset for calls, but have a large screen. I guess that could technically be done now with VoIP.   1 2 days ago Reply SammyD97 I don't really think anybody thought it was. I can see Windows !0 S having that comparison drawn because its an actual SKU. And as much as we appreciate the effort I'm sure the majority of people who opened this article already knew this. 0 2 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino You'd be shocked. During our podcast and even on Twitter after I posted this people asked "So, it's just Windows 10 S?". 3 2 days ago Reply Drael646464 If people are that dumb, I don't think any amount of explaining will fix it.  1 1 day ago Reply sully9088 Thurrot says W10 on ARM will be boring (which isn't a bad thing). IMO my desktop sitting in my house by itself while I'm away is boring. Bringing it with me will be exciting ;) 6 2 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino I see it boring as in...it'll look/feel like Windows 10. Literally won't be any different. It's the hardware where things can get interesting, imo. 1 2 days ago Reply davidmichaelross One thing that keeps getting overlooked in Windows 10 on ARM discussions is Microsoft's commitment to Progressive Web Apps at Build. Microsoft is going to be crawling the web and adding PWAs to the store automatically. Since they're web-based, they're going to work on x86 & ARM automatically, giving this new platform a big selection of apps right out of the gate, and making it nothing like the limited world of Windows RT. 5 2 days ago Reply Steve Adams david,  these progressive web apps have interactivity for things like NFC etc available to them? 0 2 days ago Reply davidmichaelross Edge will support PWAs starting with the Fall Creator's Update, and PWAs will have access to all the features Edge supports. The Web NFC API is currently a draft proposal and Chrome is the only browser with an experimental implementation of it. 1 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams Ok,  so no extra functionality out of the gate,  Just another impementation of windows 10 moible.  0 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams Truth downvotes!  love em....! 0 15 hours ago Reply Daniel Rubino Definitely an interesting point. I need to dig deeper into PWA. 1 2 days ago Reply Drael646464 What new platform?  0 1 day ago Reply Dav2070 As you use the term "Windows 10 on ARM" it sounds like it is another SKU that is different from the other Windows versions. But there is no difference between Windows 10 and Windows 10 on ARM. Please don't use that term too often. 0 2 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino TBF that is how Microsoft refers to it. Not sure how else to talk about this thing without naming it. 2 2 days ago Reply Steve Adams So, Daniel, Has there been any talk how applications are going to interact with the new system?  The ONLY reason I bailed on w10m was lack of apps,  well that and they bailed on the 1020 moving forward.   But using the iphone now,  my apps cash cheques, take electronic payments, unlock hotel rooms, start and find my rental car,  purchase resturant food etc.  NONE of which I could do on windows 10 mobile.  This opened up a whole new way I use my phone.  From just putting my watch in front of the scanner at the airport gate to board, to tracking my luggage electronically.....shopping via apps.   Are they saying anything about this moving forward?   0 2 days ago Reply Withheld Out of the gate, I think the initial benefits with these new devices will be for the people that make those apps, pay your checks, run those hotels and fly those planes. :) 0 2 days ago Reply Steve Adams Ok,  so not going to be any different than windows 10 moible then!  thanks. -1 1 day ago Reply Drael646464 I'm confused about the relationship between windows on arm, and your iphone. Windows on arm, is just windows 10, using an emulation layer for win32 apps. It's just a laptop or tablet with always on connectivity, and better batter life (and not as much ompf). If you plan on using your laptop to open your hotel door, I think you might be waiting awhile, because I don't think anyone else wants that. Of course, you could always strap your hotel cardkey to your laptop's screen, and attach your car keys to your tablet.  0 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams Well considering that windows on arm is supposed to be the MOBILE WAY FORWARD for Microsoft and windows 10  there is a very HUGE relationship.  Did you miss all the fanboy chest pounding about a certian unicorn called the sruface phone running windows 10 on arm? 0 15 hours ago Reply Dan Harris I thought it was clear from the way Dan talked about it. Article mentions how this stuff will be irrelevant to the consumer. Also clear WoA is not a SKU 0 1 day ago Reply _incanter_ There *is* the difference between Windows on x86 and Windows on ARM as well as there is the difference between 32-bit Windows for x86 and 64-bit Windows for the same. If you don't believe me, try running 64-bit application on 32-bit Windows. I am too lazy to check whether Microsoft uses different SKU for 32-bit and 64-bit, they certainly should. Please, do not go around confusing people.   0 2 days ago Reply Cruncher04 Same for Windows RT as it was just a Windows 8 home SKU. 0 2 days ago Reply Drael646464 No difference? One uses an emulation layer to run win32, and can't run win64, has LTE always connected capability, telephony and GPS, and the other runs win32 and win64 natively (has better performance eg), runs on more powerful hardware with thunderbolt 3 support. In fact, while they may appear similar functionally, they are pretty darn different, even at an experiential level - you can play say, rise of the tomb raider on your windows on x86, but it won't have a hope on your windows on arm (what games an arm chip can handle will perform vastly better in native, via UWP) - you can run text messaging on your windows on arm , but it doesn't have the capability on your windows on x86. You can put an external egpu on your x86 tablet, or use your arm laptop to auto-update your notifications even in sleep mode, but not vice versa.   Windows on arm is a 'more mobile like' pc, at the hardware level, and a more basic player of win32 programs. People will not be buying windows on arm gaming laptops. And windows on arm devices will be superior for mobility applications.  It probably should be a different SKU, because it provides a different experience and is significantly different at the software layer level.        0 1 day ago Reply _incanter_ Just wonder... where did you get the notion that Windows on ARM will have LTE and GPS any more than Windows on Intel does? 0 1 day ago Reply Gunbust3r This is all just fluff talk until someone shows me Win 10 on ARM running faster than the moderatly painfull experience of Win 10 on Atom. -7 2 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino I should have written a section talking about performance...oh wait, I did. Even if it is like Atom - and it could be - ARM will only get faster and better as it drops below 10nm manufacturing process. It's inevitable. 8 2 days ago Reply terence chan Faster processor means nothing if the hypervisor is written poorly. The fact that Windows 10 on ARM runs on an emulator cause application performance greatly dependent on how the hypervisor translate the X86 application to the ARM instruction set. So, in the end, it very much dependent on how MS decide to update or design the hypervisor running the emulation. 2 2 days ago Reply Mr. MacPhisto Hypervisor has nothing to do with this.  That is all about running VMs and the emulation is not VM based.  The emulation layer is essentially a translator for apps designed to make calls to x86.  It calls to pre-generated binaries to translate the DLLs etc for ARM use and does it on the fly.  In real world application, it doesn't take a lot of time to do this. Apple did something similar with their 68k emulator that existed at a low level in the OS allowing for old Mac programs to work on PowerPC designs.  Rosetta is somewhat similar, expect it was less deeply integrated and more prone to compatibility issues because it was user level.   I expect it will be pretty seamless and I'll be interested to see benchmarking against modern i3 and i5 machines.  I suspect it may run on par with many mobile i5s, especially because the GPU is likely superior to the Intel integrated, even now.  At 10nm and with the ability to execute out of order instructions, there are some advantages. 4 2 days ago Reply Cruncher04 Intel x86 emulation does not use a hypervisor in any form or shape. 0 2 days ago Reply ddn123 If ew 7th gen iCore is $250 runing at 4 volts and a snapdragon is $75 running at 2 volts, I would expect QualComm has more room to run with its chips - bigger, maybe even higher voltages.   I use my Surface 3 for pen taking notes.  Using Onenote to take pictures and record property inspections.  Works for what I need it to do.  Do I want a SurfacePro?  Yes.  Why?  only if the pen/inking experience is far superior than the surface 3. 0 1 day ago Reply bub78 Good article, maybe an addendum about how the W10 on ARM isn't a going to be a phone-like device either? At least not for the foreseeable future. Just waiting for the influx of comments about 6 inch screen devices that must be shipping in Q4 as a W10M replacement... 0 2 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino Maybe. Thing is we really have no idea what HP, Lenvo, ASUS, or even Microsoft (you can bet there will be a Surface device) are planning to release. Sure, laptop-like devices and 2in1s have been bantered about but even Qualcomm demo'd this on a 6-inch phone-like device at Computex, so it may be too early to say what is coming. A phone-phone is out initially, but this stuff really starts to blur. 3 2 days ago Reply Mr. MacPhisto And the lines are already beginning to blur a bit.  T-Mobile just took Digits out of Beta and it appears they will support the esim found in these devices, so they could build a Digits app for UWP just as they have for iOS and Android.   So what is a phone?  With VoLTE and things like Digits, the reality is an ultra mobile PC can be a phone - and different OEMs can have different takes. The positive is that these devices will be free from the carriers preventing updates while Android phones still languish.  Maybe it won't be a market changer, but there's a good chance that Microsoft fans can have a Windows 10 device they can use to make phone calls, that will have LTE connectivity, and will update regularly. I expect MS will launch something that blurs all those lines in the form of some kind of Surface that will not be branded as a phone, but will be an ultra portable or mobile PC.  Then HP, Lenovo, Dell, and whoever else can follow suit with ARM based esim devices - and we'll also see plenty of Intel based cell connected machines too. 3 2 days ago Reply bub78 Yes, every fanboy on this site is expecting this magical device to launch.  Maybe it will at some point. As Rubino has said many times, the Surface team doesn't release a device until it's ready.  It took them 2 years to design & release a thin & light laptop...  Also, not only is this device supposed to be revolutionary, but will also seemingly disrupt the status quo of what phones are and the trillion dollar plus market cap of the mobile carriers and OEMS... Or, you know, maybe W10 on ARM will  just be limited to chromebook clones & cheap tablets for the forseeable future. -6 2 days ago Reply Mr. MacPhisto I think a bunch of "magical" devices will launch that blur the lines.  I have no doubt that Dell, HP, and Lenovo would like to expand their footprint a bit.   The mobile carrier status quo has already been disrupted quite a bit in the US.  T-Mobile has shaken things up and now some form of unlimited data package is pretty standard.  T-Mobile is also very happy to let you bring your own device on their network. unlocked.  If anyone will be willing to embrace the idea of the e-sim and devices they don't control as much, it's Legere.  I think Android actually puts the carriers in a bad place in many ways because of the fragmentation and liability issues.  In fact, I've been told this by a high level mobile exec.  There is the controlling aspect, but the carriers are often left to deal with the problems Android represents and so they have a one size fits all policy towards anything not an iPhone.  A bad iOS update falls squarely on Apple, not the carrier.  Android is murkier.   We already know AT&T and T-Mobile will support these devices.  Sprint and Verizon are not onboard yet and that's not shock concerning Verizon.   Windows 10 on ARM will never be about being a Chromebook clone because it can do more.  It IS Windows.   And the OEMs are always looking to expand their market.  As I said, HP, Dell, Asus, Acer, etc would all love to find any way to make gains and if they can do it at the expense of the phone market, so be it.  The PC OEM most threatened by this is Samsung, but they are a much smaller presence in the PC market.  Lenovo and HP have a lot of manufacturing power they can leverage and the designs from most of the PC makers have been innovative and stunning of late. I expect Microsoft to make a more expensive halo device - the hero.  But I think the OEMs will find ways to deliver new form factors to expand their markets while providing them at a competitive price. The Snapdragon 835s are much cheaper than Intel Core i series and from all I've seen, they can provide performance on par with a Core i3 at least - and maybe match an i5 - and do it at 1/3 of the price.   This will make for thinner and lighter 2-in-1s and it will allow for some very real pocketPCs.   5 2 days ago Reply Dan Harris They won't be cheap initially. You don't get a brand new smartphone with the latest CPU for £100 after all, so why would you get a laptop using the same hardware for £100. Sure cheaper camera ans stuff but still not looking at £100 for these things 0 1 day ago Reply dkediger I keep coming back around to the Courier concept, perhaps with a small pairable/dockable handset for the "phone" stuff. 1 2 days ago Reply Withheld They probably won't limit themselves to just calling them phone but there are hundreds of OEM's around the world producing very inexpensive Windows 6, 7 & 8” tablets and now that Microsoft is releasing its OS for ARM, most must be considering replacing Intel’s Atom processors with Qualcomm’s faster, smaller, inexpensive, feature rich processor that has better battery life. It’s safe to say, most OEM’s won’t disable the 835’s integrated hardware and see the advantages over Chrome when to selling Windows all-in-one devices to budget minder consumers. 0 2 days ago Reply Maia_12 Windows 10 S (ARM) would be great to the old RT devices because it would give them access to the native UWP apps, like Groove, Movies and TV, weather, etc. And yes, I don't think that Tegra 3, Tegra 4 and Snapdragon 800 could emulate smootly Win32 apps. 0 2 days ago Reply Jose Calquin Heinsohn We can just wait and hope.... to xda developers. My surface 2 would be so much revitalized with that... 0 2 days ago Reply collins2k1 I imagine this will go hand in hand with windows 10S allowing manufactures to ship cheaper arm bases devices to compete with chrome books which the user can upgrade to full windows if they choose to do so. 2 2 days ago Reply Pappale the key factor will be the price. If they can lower the price of W10S devices around 99USD it can be a viable option for many people... but I bet that wont happen. Microsoft is too greedy and the price will be higher which means = people will continue to buy devices with regular W10PRO because the price wont be much higher and the HW will be a bit better -23 2 days ago Reply nohone Got to love it when the Apple horde claims that Microsoft is the greedy company. 22 2 days ago Reply Heidi Elyas Lol 0 2 days ago Reply Axmantim Seeing as MS rarely makes devices, and 10S can be had for free to OEM's, it's not MS that you need to call greedy. Yet again, you fail at what you talk about. 7 2 days ago Reply L0n3N1nja Atom devices aren't that cheap, why would a better product be cheaper? 1 2 days ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 Windows 8.1 with Bing was free and the result was very cheap tablets which started to flood the market. I was fortunate to get a $59 dollar Windows 8.1 Atom Bay trail tablet with 1GB of RAM, also got Office 365 free for 1 year, but now I lookat economy market and this damages other brands like HP, Dell, Lenovo, ASUS which make better quality hardware, so I think Microsoft decision to put only Windows 10S free is to help the economy of their hardware partners 1 2 days ago Reply Cruncher04 Lol. Snapdragon 835 alone is like 75$. You really cannot compare Snapdragon 835 devices to crappy Atom tablets. Has nothing to do with greedy. 2 2 days ago Reply Dan Harris 99USD for what? There are already cheap tablets at that price. Wouldn't expect a 99USD laptop running the latest smartphone SoC that's ridiculous. Look how expensive smart phones are. These things won't be super cheap when they first release IMO 2 1 day ago Reply Maia_12 Well, would be theoretically possible that Windows 10 S (on ARM) work on old RT devices, if Microsoft wanted? -1 2 days ago Reply L0n3N1nja The old ARM processors like the Tegra 3 are far too slow, there's a reason this is only supported with the best smartphone soc of 2017. Technicly it would probably be possible, unless the emulation requires something hardware specific in the new snapdragon. 1 2 days ago Reply MACRM32 They supposedly worked with the 835 manufacturers to ensure full DX12 support, so... 0 2 days ago Reply Cruncher04 Nope. Windows RT devices have ARMv7 CPUs (32 bit) while Windows on ARM only support ARMv8 (64 bit) 1 2 days ago Reply v_2samg Correct! The x68 emulation is part of the WOW64 layer. 0 2 days ago Reply Jessicator From a marketing / spec sheet perspective, I imagine that the only differences people will see is the name Qualcomm or NVidia instead of Intel, AMD under chipset. For anyone previously willing to go AMD to save money, they might also consider Qualcomm, since their phone might already has a Qualcomm chipset in it, and the Qualcomm option will likely boast better battery life. On a slightly related note, does anyone else here remember Cyrix? Ugh, I feel old. 2 2 days ago Reply _incanter_ Don't feel old... I remember Windows-on-MIPS, Windows-on-Power and Windows-on-Alpha... I am sure Windows-on-ARM will have much brighter future :-P 0 2 days ago Reply Jessicator Heh, yeah, I got to play with Windows NT on a few DEC Alpha servers too. What a waste of money, honestly. Anyway, glad I'm not the only one that remembers this nightmare like it was yesterday. 0 2 days ago Reply Grant Taylor3 I have a couple of Jensens at home that can be switch to run either NT 4 Workstation or Open VMS. 0 2 days ago Reply _incanter_ I still have a few years on you, youngsters - was dual-booting Windows NT and AIX on RT/6000 (not RS/6000, mind you) :-P   0 1 day ago Reply Jessicator Well, if we're turning this into a competition, then I guess we should start asking who here remembers life before the introduction of IBM-compatible PCs, long before the introduction of MS Windows 0 1 day ago Reply StudentoflifeUSMC I used an Epson PX-8 during college so I could type papers for class without having to book time in the computer labs. Used CPM instead of DOS, ram chips for programs, and your files were stored on micro-cassettes.  Probably one of the first consumer-oriented laptops.  The thing was a tank at almost 15 lbs, but a lightweight when you consider a full AT tower back in the day was almost 90 lbs. I still have it in storage too.  Now you've got me curious  whether or not it'll run. 0 22 hours ago Reply StudentoflifeUSMC I still have an ST-238 RLL hard drive floating around somewhere. You know, the 40MB one that if you didn't park the read heads you'd lose all of your data every time you rebooted? It was like magnetic RAM.  Also, I had the unfortunate mistake of being contracted when I was 16 to build a Banyan Vines network for a small business that got suckered into it. And then there's the pre-ZIF days where replacing your CPU meant breaking out the soldering iron.  I was so proud of my 8088 pc I built when I was 10 years old. Funniest thing is I'm only 37.  Technology has advanced at a exponential rate.  If you told most 'gamers' that paying $100 / MB (not GB) of ram was a deal back at the same time that Sublime was recording their first albums (early 1990s) they'd never believe us.  I lived through it, and I almost don't believe it. 0 22 hours ago Reply Jessicator LOL, I remember that... Eeeee-oo-eeee-oo-oo-oo-eeee-oo. My first was the 20 MB model. Mostly consumed by Word Perfect, so I had to keep most of my games on 5-1/4" floppy disks... 0 14 hours ago Reply remmo Wow, my first PC had a Cyrix processor, along with 4MB of RAM and a 100MB HDD. It ran Windows 3.1 like a charm. 0 1 day ago Reply GraniteStateColin Yes, Cyrix! One of my first PC builds used a Cyrix 486(? I think) clone. I can't recall now if that was an upgrade or the original CPU. I do recall that it was a luggable 25lb semi-portable computer with a built-in 7" CRT screen. Had 4MB RAM. I had been an Apple ][+ and //GS guy before that. Apple lost me when there was no upgrade from Apple // -> Mac (they did later release the Mac LC, which could run 8-bit //e software via an add-in card, but it abandoned the more advanced 16-bit //GS line). Thanks for inspiring that memory! 0 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams My first computer was a Tandy TRS-80,  then moved to a commodore 128,  and so on.  My first windows computer was a 286 before internet was even a thing!  WOW..... 0 15 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin I first programmed on a TRS-80 Model 1, when I was about 8, with file storage on casette tape. I didn't own it, but loved that I could enter programs in BASIC code found in magazines like Softside and Byte and the computer would do things, even play games! Based on that connection, my mother bought us an Apple ][+ a couple of years later. While I did a fair amount of stuff with other people's PCs and DOS, I didn't have my own until 1990 or 91, which the first Windows 3.1 with Multimedia Extensions -- it could play CDs! Even though I had been an Apple fan from my Apple ][+ and later GS, I still wanted games too, and the Mac just didn't come close to the PC for game options. So if I had to start over from scratch to build a library, I figured I'd go with the option that had the games. Not sure how representative that is, but was why I contributed to the 90% Windows, 5% Mac user base. 0 15 hours ago Reply Jessicator For me, it was the Sinclair ZX-81 and the ZX-Spectrum, also with audio cassette tape storage. TFW you've been waiting an hour for a good game to load from tape before having it crash and rewinding to start to load again because someone walked into the room and breathed too heavily... 0 14 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin @Jessicator, I remember that -- membrane keyboard right? I never used one for more than a few minutes. I think I had an art teacher whose house I'd get dropped off for lessons. Her husband played around with a ZX80. I tihnk. I may be mixing up stories from my early youth. He definitely had one of the early systems, and I don't think it was the Altair and I don't think it was 6502-based...that pretty much leaves the Sinclair models, right? 0 14 hours ago Reply Jessicator I think your memory serves you correctly. :-) 0 14 hours ago Reply Steve Adams I was ten when the TRS-80 came out and yeah,  I still have it...with the tape deck too.  I have not plugged it in for like 20 years or more.  ha ha.  My first games were on floppy 5.25 disks.   They were awesome.   I had a huge amount of them,  and had an old machine to play them on but it all dissapeard when I moved.  My favorite game was some fishing game i had on a 386.  I would play that for hours at a time when I was supposed to be studying for university  ha ha! 0 12 hours ago Reply Jessicator Sounds like we're from the same generation. Care for a game of pong? 0 14 hours ago Reply Nate W Wow, good stuff Dan. 23 2 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino Thanks! 12 2 days ago Reply rodneyej Who, and why would anyone every think, that WOA is a RT all over again????🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 Are there actually those who perpetuate this nonsense?.... Oh, wait, it must be all those no Windows, iDroid, fans you guys welcomed in here... Yes, only here because they have to be, not because they are enthusiast..... The only good thing I can see come from the rouge iDroid fans being here now is if MS actually ever did bring a Surface Phone to market they might inadvertently be heavily influence by WC articles to try one out... So, being an optimist, maybe WC is slowly creating more Windows fans, and by a stretch, more WP fans. I would say MS is in on this, but I'm not ready to claim that they are this smart.. That's the best I can do, Daniel 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 1 2 days ago Reply aitt If Daniel has to make several articles addressing the issue, that's why. 3 2 days ago Reply rodneyej Why what?... Did you reply to the wrong comment? -4 2 days ago Reply aitt [Who, and why would anyone every think, that WOA is a RT all over again????] If Dan has to make several articles, there's obvious people out there that will believe that WOA will be RT again. 4 2 days ago Reply rodneyej Well, that's obvious..... My question is rhetorical. -3 2 days ago Reply atulk malhotra Indeed Dan ! WoA looks well baked and ready to transform our Windows devices and the market ! 1 2 days ago Reply B_Hawk What is gonna make Windows on ARM quite similar to Windows RT is that most OEMs will opt to couple newer ARM devices with Windows 10 S. - Similarities here will be: An OS that looks like full Windows, but limited to a slower processor like RT was, and cannot run any apps outside of the Store. - Differentiators: Store apps can now contain Win32 apps that can run on newer ARM devices, and Windows 10 S can be upgraded to full Windows via the Store. -3 2 days ago Reply Dan Harris I'm looking forward to seeing more later this year. Interested to know how good the x86 compatibility is. For example, could I run Visual Studio and all its associated tools and also build apps targeting x86/x64 from an ARM PC. I would just go for a more powerful PC for now but the future of ARM could be promising 0 1 day ago Reply ia_win I hope that the launch will be with the next gen x84 processors. 835 is aging now. It's much better to release really strong/solid device at launch. Surface Phone will be SD 840 running Windows 10S. It's obvious by now. -9 2 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino 835 is barely a month old for consumers though. I think you're confusing hearing about SD835 vs. it actually being a thing people can experience. LG G6 launched with SD820 because SD835 was (a) so new (b) scooped up by Samsung. 7 2 days ago Reply Deaconclgi Dan, thanks for reminding me that the LG G6 has a Snapdragon 820. My wife bought me an Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows today (For Father's day, arrives tomorrow...too bad same day delivery doesn't exist everywhere :) ) and even though that SD 820 is the most powerful chipset in a Windows 10 Mobile phone, techy Android users would make it seem like it is woefully outdated but in the context of the LG G6, a 2017 Android flagship coming with the 820, I don't feel so bad about. Sure, I would have rather the G6 had an 835 but it is what it is. Plus, paying under $301.74 with next day shipping for an unlocked, premium build, powerful phone with the OS I prefer that can push pixels like my Galaxy S7 Edge and the 2017 LG G6, makes me smile. Thanks for the great article and for the great work that you do for Windows Central!   3 2 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino Cheers! Yeah, I use the OnePlus 3T - SD821 - and LG G6 and both are fine with that processor. In fact, most reviews about GS8 don't say much about SD835 as being a big jump for Android. I'm sure it helps, but feels more Skylake to Kaby than anything. G6 is a fun phone, enjoy. 3 2 days ago Reply bebochek Sorry Dan but his wife got him Alcatel Idol 4s runningW10M, like any good wife would, not a LG G6 which while being a good phone could still lead to divorce and hardship. 4 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams Sorry BEBO,  but the G6 is an awesome phone,  and much better tahn the alcatel idol 4.   Fanboys would not see that tho...what kind of woman would divorce over a phone?  really?  Come on!   -1 15 hours ago Reply L0n3N1nja First device with it launched April 21st, how is that a dated product already? 2 2 days ago Reply Sin Ogaris Welcome to modern society, technology is obsolete the day it releases now! 1 1 day ago Reply sanjeet_deshwal So, we can call win 10S, The Windows RT with upgrade option(to add little bit more confusion 😁) -3 2 days ago Reply n m I'm looking forward to reading DR's smackdown comments. 0 2 days ago Reply bebochek You mean like a virtual ***** slap n m? 0 1 day ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Computex 2017 MSI Titan, Raider + Stealth Pro (2017) gaming laptop hands-on Game On! MSI unveils new PCs and gaming gear ahead of Computex The Liquid Touch Corsair's Hydro GFX GTX 1080 Ti is a liquid-cooled beast WASD If you want the best gaming laptop, you want a Razer Blade Silky smooth Take your laptop gaming up a notch with these G-Sync laptops < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Console killer MSI Trident 3 PC review: A powerful gaming rig that deserves a spot in your living room By Rich Edmonds Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 4:00 pm EDT 15 Comments Rich is the PC Editor at Windows Central, bringing all the CPUs, GPUs, PSUs and other Us to you in a digestible format as well as #MasterRace gaming. You can follow him over on Twitter at @RichEdmonds. MSI should be proud of what it has done with the Trident 3, packing powerful hardware into a compact form factor that really works. It's one thing to build a full tower PC capable of some serious gaming. It's a whole different one cramming in various high-end parts into a compact case with sufficient cooling. MSI is no beginner when it comes to powerful mini PCs, and the Trident 3 is the best one yet. Why do we like this stunning PC so much? Keep reading. See at Amazon Atomic power Here are the tech specs for the Trident 3 configuration MSI sent to Windows Central for review: Category Specification Processor Intel Core i7-7700 8MB cache, 3.6GHz (4.2GHz boost) Storage 256GB M.2 solid state drive (SSD), 1TB hard disk drive (HDD) Memory 16GB DDR4 (2,400MHz) Graphics Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 (8GB GDDR5) Intel HD Graphics 630 Motherboard MSI mini-ITX with H110 chipset Software Windows 10 Networking Intel Wireless-AC 3165 (802.11ac) Bluetooth 4.2 Rear ports One USB 3.1 Four USB 2.0 Four HDMI (1 VR-link) Two DisplayPort One DVI EthernetMicrophone port Front ports One HDMI 1.4 (VR-link) Two USB 3.1 One USB 3.1 Type-C One Microphone port One Headphone port Power 330W power brick Weight 6.9 lbs Dimensions 13.63 inches x 9.15 inches x 2.83 inches It's worth noting that this is the most expensive configuration, and while it will set you back $1,499, it guarantees a stellar experience. Performance readings and our findings on how the PC handles games and other tasks should not be taken literally if you're considering more affordable models of the Trident 3. All-in-all, regardless of which Trident 3 you happen to choose, it's a powerful platform. Interestingly, the Trident 3 isn't seen by MSI as a competitor to gaming PCs that sit on a desk. Instead, the company has its eyes firmly set on consoles and living room solutions such as the Nvidia Shield and Steam Link. First off, this thing is small. Like, really small. It's almost the same size as the Xbox One but packs way more power for handling even more demanding titles. As you can see from the above specifications table, we have not only an Intel Core i7 processor (and that's seventh-gen Intel, too) but a Nvidia GTX 1070. This Trident 3 PC is incredibly compact, powerful enough for latest games on high settings, and it can even handle some VR content. The 16GB DDR4 RAM (clocked at 2,400MHz) makes it possible to boot up a bunch of browser tabs, engage in multi-task productivity and even run a Mixer stream from the same machine. More than a black slate Thankfully, MSI hasn't gone overboard with the design of the Trident 3, which gaming companies tend to do when it comes to components and other computing equipment. As highlighted already, the size and weight of the PC itself almost match that of the Xbox One. Instead of a mere black box that can only sit horizontally, MSI opted for a more sleek profile and some aggressive angles. There's also a bundled stand to allow for upright orientation. Much like the design of the Trident 3, the lighting also steers clear of being too ostentatious, resulting in a subtle but attractive-looking effect on the front corner of the case. It's impressive to look at, not only for the looks but also to analyze just how the company has managed to pack in a full desktop processor and GPU with enough cooling to avoid thermal throttling. Opening up the Trident 3 reveals another bonus of this small factor PC — you can upgrade most components, except for the processor. Running a full release of Windows 10, the Trident 3 offers a more diverse experience with scalability, something the Xbox One and other consoles cannot match. One thing to note is the external power supply, which makes it difficult to overclock the system and add even more powerful components. Everything else is top notch, including the massive array of ports available on both the front and rear of the unit. For connectivity, we have a massive array of ports, both on the front and rear of the case. On the front, MSI uses a single HDMI 1.4 pass through for VR, which hooks up to the GPU on the rear. There are two USB 3.1 ports and a single USB 3.1 Type-C port. Microphone and headphone jacks complete the package. For the rear, there is a total of four USB 2.0 ports, one USB 3.1, and two HDMI (one for onboard output, a second for the VR link on the front). The GPU included offers a further two HDMI, two DisplayPorts, and a single DVI port. Hooking up a number of peripherals and monitors will not be an issue. And the single HDMI port for the onboard Intel graphics processor is disabled when a dedicated card is present. 'G' for gaming Under load, the CPU gets really hot. Even though the chip itself (Intel Core i7-7700) only has a TDP rating of 65W, how everything is set up inside the case means you'll be seeing temperature readings of beyond 176 degrees F (80 degrees C). We managed to hit 86 degrees C at the highest point while stress testing before thermal throttling kicked in and pulled temperatures under 80 degrees C. Even still, that's a high reading. Taking apart the Trident 3 to see just what MSI used to cool the onboard Core i7, you see a simple blower fan that draws from air circulating from within the case. This presents the issue of there not being enough airflow within the case to adequately keep the CPU cool, especially when the GPU fan isn't running. Thus the company opted for a locked CPU, and we highly recommend against increasing thermal output inside the case. When under load, the CPU fan kicks in, but even when the processor heats way up, it's difficult to tell fan noise apart from the ambiance. This is ideal for the living room where a jumbo jet-sounding PC would not be welcome. Fan behavior can be manipulated in the UEFI manager, but we were unable to manipulate the fan directly with software controls — some of our suites of choice didn't even recognize a CPU fan. The RAM and the GPU are extremely easy to access and replace. The GTX 1070 inside the Trident 3 is a full desktop card, making it possible to achieve good results in various 3D benchmark suites, as well as stable performance in demanding titles. We tried out some Player Unknown's Battlegrounds, DOOM, Stellaris, GTA V, Rise of the Tomb Raider, and The Witcher 3 without issue. Again, as noted above, the main concern was heat, which appeared to have a slight effect on the main processor. And when we ran a few tests, deploying both the CPU and GPU together, we saw temperatures touch 89 degrees C, which is somewhat concerning. I was pleasantly surprised by the performance of the Trident 3. Taking into account the Core i7 processor and GTX 1070, I still had expectations that certain demanding titles would prove too much for the PC at high settings (1440p resolution, for example), but MSI went all out to ensure it really can be deployed as a serious gaming machine. MSI Trident 3 PC review conclusion: Pack away that console I'm a big fan of small form factor PCs that offer great levels of customization and performance. MSI has done wonders here, installing high-end components and allowing owners to upgrade storage and RAM or swap out the GPU for a more powerful option. As for heat, it does indeed get hot and the CPU turns into a stove ready for some oil and tonight's dinner, but it shouldn't damage the processor, and thermal throttling was rather light. The Trident 3 model we had in for review, which features the Core i7 Intel processor and GTX 1070 GPU, would set you back $1,499. Is the price worth it? We think so, but that depends on your needs and budget. To be fair, the pricing for the Trident 3 is competitive with similar products from other OEMs. Overall, we're big fans of this PC and think you will be too. Pros Beautiful design. Up to Intel Core i7 and GTX 1070. Upgradable. VR-ready. Cons 330W power brick. Gets really hot. No room for overclocking. Outstanding 4.5/5 See at Amazon Reader comments MSI Trident 3 PC review: A powerful gaming rig that deserves a spot in your living room 15 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating 9001020 Please do not require users of the app to use the browser. -5 2 days ago Reply Sin Ogaris It works fine on the app, at least on W10M it does. 0 1 day ago Reply 9001020 I'm still on WP8.1. -1 1 day ago Reply Sin Ogaris Ah, yeah, the 8.1 app was terrible. -1 1 day ago Reply JotaKa I'll keep my Xbox One, and buy a Project Scorpio when that's released, thanks! 3 2 days ago Reply B_Hawk The price is a bit high for a non K processor and a GTX 1070. 1 2 days ago Reply phxchristian I like my Skull Canyon NUC I7-6770HQ with Intel Iris 580, Thunderbolt 3, and a Razer Core with upgradable GPU (currently have a GTX 1070).  It's far more versatile than this beast because I can't choose to travel with it.  I could never fit my XBOX one in my backpack. I have accomplished this with dual ASUS USB 3.0 screens all fitting into a backpack with my mechanical keyboard and the Skull Canyon NUC.  Upgrade to 32GB RAM and dual NVME M.2 SSD's, both 500GB, one with transfer speeds of 2.2GB/s and the other with about 550MB/s. I have spent less than $2k on everything including my two SSD's, RAM, and Video Card (though I'm still saving up for the Razer Core). 3 2 days ago Reply Monte Constable1 Ugly 0 1 day ago Reply Dillan K Good on MSI for attempting this. 2 1 day ago Reply Zeroplanetz Size wise ok but price wise is not a console killer. I think the only real thing to kill consoles will be the companies themselves moving into a higher playing field and dropping consoles as we know them today. Imo. 0 1 day ago Reply BestPeasant Waiting for Scorpio 0 1 day ago Reply Jose_Rey WOW! MSI did good job with this. That's the smallest upgradeable I've seen.  1 1 day ago Reply redevall Would have liked to see a liquid cooling solution on this. That would likely still have worked and reduced the heat output somewhat. The liquid cooling systems of late have gotten smaller and better. 0 1 day ago Reply Richard Loveridge So it is less powerful than Scorpio. It has 256gb sec bandwidtth compared to 326 on the Scorpio. But the same TFlops. And 4gb less video ram. Also the Scorpio will be more optimized. This PC doesn't look so good next to that. And when you consider that the Scorpio will be less than half the price of the top spec this has to offer at purchase it looks bleaker. Then on top of that sure you can upgrade parts on this. But then Scorpio will have a successor for around £400 in 3 years after it which makes upgrading still cheaper via the Xbox family. And on the road MS are taking Xbox it is better to go Xbox route for power and optimization in its games. 1 1 day ago Reply codyoehl However it is a full fledged Windows computer and can be used for a variety of things. An Xbox one comes with an extremely controlled OS. Though I do think the price is a bit much considering you can get a 1070 in a laptop that already comes with a keyboard, trackpad, screen, and speakers for the same price, if not a bit less. 0 0 sec ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Digital Trends Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 (2016) review Dell's latest Inspiron 2-in-1 performs great for the price, with one hiccup Share Dell’s Inspiron 13 7000 is a sturdy, fast, and affordable 2-in-1. Dell’s Inspiron 13 7000 is a sturdy, fast, and affordable 2-in-1. Dell’s Inspiron 13 7000 is a sturdy, fast, and affordable 2-in-1. Highs Sturdy, but light Handsome, inoffensive style Great hardware for the price point Offers USB-C connectivity at low price Lows Too large and heavy for serious tablet use Display suffers poor color quality DT Editors' Rating 7.0 Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Laptop Reviews > Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 (2016) review By Justin Pot Posted on 06.02.17 Research Center: Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 (2016) Updated 5-25-17 by Jayce Wagner: This model is no longer offered by Dell, but the latest Inspiron 13 2-in-1 features nearly identical pricing and specs, and features 7th-generation Intel Core i5 processors.  Pity the affordable laptop maker. Sales are down, margins are tighter than ever, and Chromebooks are eating up the bottom end of the market. There’s less money to be made in cheap Windows laptops than ever before. Even the Dell Inspiron line, long known for being affordable and reliable, feels the need to be just a little bit flashy. Which brings us to the Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1, Dell’s latest attempt to bring some excitement to the Inspiron without driving up prices. It’s a sturdy 2-in-1 that starts at $750 with a Core i5 processor, a 256GB solid state drive, and 8GB of memory. That’s not a bad price point for this kind of power. If you can spend a bit more, $1,080 nets you a Core i7, 512GB of solid state storage, and 12GB of memory. Plus, there’s a touchscreen, and a 360-degree hinge which enables tablet use. On paper, this Dell has a winning bang-for-the-buck breakdown, but are there compromises? And is this device truly useful as a tablet? Sturdy small laptop; big bulky tablet “Designed by Dell” means more than it used to, thanks to the XPS line’s consistently high praise from critics and users. The Inspiron line has never inspired quite the same devotion. The 2015 verison of the Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 was a system that looked five years out of date. This year’s model is similar, though not identical, and it feels more robust. This is a sturdy laptop, with no flex to speak on the frame, and just a little bit in the display. At three quarters of an inch thick while closed, and just over three and a half pounds, it’s reasonably thin and lightweight. Like the 2015 model, the 2016 version is built of attractive but generic brushed aluminum, but there is one notable improvement. The keyboard is now inset into the chassis, so a separate panel of material doesn’t surround it. This makes the new Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 look sleeker and feel more durable. Greg Mombert/Digital Trends Greg Mombert/Digital Trends Greg Mombert/Digital Trends Greg Mombert/Digital Trends While we liked the 2-in-1’s overall design, there was one detail that bugged us. The power button. It’s on the side of the device, near the front edge, which can be problematic. It’s far too easy to accidentally turn off this laptop while picking it up. Unless you want to use it as a tablet. The wraparound hinge is sturdy and reliable, and holds steady in pretty much any position. But three and a half pounds, while not heavy for a laptop, is quite the load for a tablet. Holding this 2-in-1 with one hand, and swiping with the other, will leave you with a sore arm. You might occasionally use this 2-in-1 as a tablet on a table, or while resting on your knee, but we suspect most users won’t bother to do so very often. It’s a neat supplemental feature, but not a replacement for the portability and comfort offered by an actual tablet. The Dell Inspiron 13 7000 is a 2-in-1, but it’s a laptop first and foremost. If you don’t like that, detachable designs like the Samsung TabPro S and Microsoft Surface Book are worth looking into – though they have their own compromises. Beautiful and comfortable keyboard The keyboard on the Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 looks great, with black keys that stand out nicely on their aluminum backdrop. The keys, while perhaps a touch small, are well spaced, with plenty of room in between. And there’s a satisfying amount of feedback with every keystroke, meaning it’s never unclear if you’ve hit a key or not. The keys are backlit, and toggled between off, bright, and brighter in a single keystroke. Nothing about this laptop’s design stands out, for better or worse. The touchpad is perhaps smaller than it should be, at two and a half inches tall and four inches wide. But there’s plenty of room to work with, and support for multi-touch gestures. Traditionalists will be happy to see clearly defined right and left click regions. The texture isn’t perfect, but isn’t bad either. There’s also the giant touch screen. The glass feels smooth, and input is accurate. It’s so satisfying you might find yourself reaching over the keyboard to scroll from time to time, if only because the scrolling on your touchpad isn’t working. Connect them all The Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 offers two standard USB ports — one USB 3.0, another USB 2.0. There’s also a USB Type-C port, giving the laptop a degree of future proofing. Finally, there’s an SD card port. Greg Mombert/Digital Trends A full HDMI port lets you connect external displays, or your TV, and a headphone jack lets you connect external speakers or a microphone. An Intel dual band wireless AC-3165 card provides 802.11 ac wireless connectivity and Bluetooth 4.1 compatibility. Less than vibrant colors The 13.3-inch display is behind a single piece of glass extending to cover most of the bezel. With a resolution of 1080p, the Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 offers 166 pixels per inch. That isn’t impressive in this day and age, but also isn’t bad. Users should have plenty of room to work with (things can feel a bit crowded out-of-the-box — for some reason, Dell cranked up the default scaling setting in Windows 10.) The display puts out 215 lumens of light, which is fairly bright but not exceptional. Using this laptop outside, even on a cloudy day, is a bit of a strain, and the glossy screen makes things worse. The contrast ratio, at maximum brightness, is 640:1, which is not terrible but worse than any of the devices we’re comparing to it. Even the Acer Aspire S13 edges out the Inspiron, with an 800:1 ratio. Users won’t have trouble reading text, but shadows in videos and games might be a bit of a problem. Display gamut is a weak point, as this Dell can handle only 48 percent of the AdobeRGB spectrum. That’s awful — similar laptops average around 70 percent of the gamut. This means the range of colors offered isn’t great, something you can notice while checking out National Geographic’s photos of the day series — the stunning vistas just seemed to be missing something. On the other hand, the average color difference is 1.84, which is pretty good. Colors are clearly defined. There’s just not enough of them. Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 (2016) Compared To HP Spectre x360 15-bl075nr Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Acer Spin 7 HP Spectre x360 13-w023dx Samsung Notebook 7 spin Dell Inspiron 17 7000 2-in-1 (2016) Acer Switch Alpha 12 Huawei Matebook Vaio Z Flip Toshiba Satellite Radius 12… Dell XPS 15 Dell Inspiron 11 (2015) Dell Inspiron 13 7000 Special… Toshiba Satellite Click 2 Pro HP Spectre 13t x2 The gamut problems make everything you watch on this display feel somewhat dour and depressing. Watching the trailer for Swiss Army Man, the colors felt muted, particularly the forest greens and ocean blues. Scenes that should be beautiful feel just a little bit off. Overall, the display is a real weak point of the Dell Inspiron 13 7000. The speakers aren’t much better. There’s a muddy quality to the entire range, with treble and mid tones somewhat hard to distinguish. Things get a little better if you set the laptop on a solid surface, because the speakers are on the bottom of the device and rebound off what’s beneath. But even in ideal conditions you can’t expect this 2-in-1 to rock out. Performs really well for the price Our test laptop came with a 6th-generation Core i5 processor and 8GB of memory. With this kind of power, users shouldn’t expect many hiccups in day-to-day usage, or even moderately taxing usage. Our GeekBench test results confirm this. With a single core score of 3174, and a multi-core score of 6475, this laptop performs similarly to other i5 devices, including the Acer Aspire S13. It even keeps up with considerably more expensive devices, such as the Microsoft Surface Book with Core i5 processor. These benchmarks show respectable processing power for a $750 device. With this kind of power, day-to-day computing like browsing and writing never felt slow. And even more intensive tasks were relatively quick, if not up to par with anything equipped with a Core i7. Our Handbrake video encoding test, where we transcode a 420MB .mp4 file, took just over a half hour. That’s perfectly respectable, and suggests this laptop can handle a little bit of video encoding without much trouble. Respectable solid state speeds Our review unit came with a Sandisk Z7400s m.2 hard drive with 256GB of storage space. That’s a generous amount of solid state storage for an affordable laptop, but how is the performance? Around average, if a little on the slow side, our tests revealed. Running a CrystalDiskMark sequential test, we saw a read speed of 475 megabytes per second and a write speed of 310.7MBps. The read speed is in line with most similar devices, though the Surface Book does quite a bit better. The write score is about 100MBps slower than the competition, which is unfortunate but not dire. Our HDTune test showed a read speed of 316MBps, which is in line with these results. While the performance isn’t great, the capacity deserves another mention. Our review unit – the $750 base model – has a 256GB solid state drive. That puts it on par with Asus Zenbook UX305UA, and way ahead of most competitors. Not everyone even bothers to offer a solid state drive at this price, and most alternatives have a 128GB drive. Runs games at low settings The Inspiron 13 7000 uses integrated graphics, specifically Intel’s HD Graphics 520. No one should expect a great gaming experience, given these specs, and our benchmarks confirmed this. The Fire Strike score of 878 and the Sky Diver score of 3,657 suggest a little bit of graphics capability, but not much. To test this further, we fired up some games at a low resolution, 1,366 by 768. Heroes of the Storm, at the lowest settings, gave us a framerate of 58 frames per second, which is just slighty below the 60FPS generally considered ideal for steady gameplay. Things got worse at high settings, with an average of 20FPS. Counter Strike: Global Offensive was similar. At low settings we saw a perfectly playable framerate of 73FPS, but high settings brought us down to 21FPS. You can get some games running on this laptop, but don’t expect a good experience unless you’re willing to turn down both the resolution and the graphics quality. Battery lasts for five hours of browsing At 3/4 of an inch thick, and 3.6 pounds, this is not a bulky laptop. You will not have trouble fitting this in your backpack or messenger bag, and while you’ll notice that you’re carrying something, it won’t weigh you down too much. The display’s colors look muted and dour, particularly forest greens and ocean blues. But if you bring it with you, will the battery hold up? The Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 comes with a three-cell lithium ion battery that has 41 watt-hours of capacity. Our Peacekeeper battery test, where we run benchmarks until the system shuts down, gave us four hours and four minutes of battery life. That’s decent, though some similar laptops do better. The Acer Aspire S 13, for comparison, lasts four hours and 46 minutes. The Zenbook UX305CA lasts six hours and 17 minutes. Our less intensive browsing loop, which rotates a variety of sites to simulate basic web browsing, gave us five hours and two minutes of battery life. And our video loop, where an HD video is played, gave us six hours and 30 minutes. These are usable results, but not spectacular. Not too warm, but audible fan The Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 didn’t get too warm while we ran benchmarks. The highest surface temperature we recorded on the surface was 93 degrees, which is warm to the touch but not uncomfortable. You can use this 2-in-1 on your lap without the heat becoming much of an issue. Greg Mombert/Digital Trends The fan also isn’t too loud, although it is audible. We couldn’t detect with over the ambient sound in our test room, but could make it out with our ears. It’s not likely to overwhelm movies or music. Standard one-year warranty The Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 comes with a one year limited hardware warranty. If you need any repairs, you’ll need to mail the laptop to Dell. Paying $70 extra gives you on-site service for that year. For $220, you can extend that to four years of on-site coverage, though that is likely overkill for most people. A decent compromise, but make sure it’s what you want The DT Accessory Pack Logitech M510 wireless mouse $23.89 WD 1TB Black My Passport external hard drive $59 AmazonBasics High-Speed HDMI cable $6.49 PNY Elite Performance 64 GB High Speed flash card $23 The Dell Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 is a good value. Its build is solid, its battery life is acceptable, and its performance is pretty good for the price. If not for the display’s color problems, we’d recommend it. As is, we can’t quite go that far. So we suggest you shop around. Toshiba’s Satellite Fusion line offers an i7 reversible with 8GB of RAM and a 256 SSD for $750. If you’re willing to ditch the SSD, Lenovo’s Flex 3 gives you a terabyte of conventional storage with an i7 processor and 8GB of memory. And if you’re just looking for a mid-range computer, ditching the touchscreen could get you a better laptop for the same price. The Asus Zenbook UX305UA, for example, offers a superior display and build quality for around the same price to spec ratio. If you have $750 or more to spend, the Dell Inspiron 13 7000 is worth considering as a starting point. Just keep the display’s problems in mind before making a decision.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: Google previews London HQ, hack Android for $200k, Walmart workers to deliver packages By Matthew DeCarlo on Jun 4, 2017, 10:00 AM TechSpot Google unveils plans for 1m sq ft London headquarters Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. The facilities will include a cafe, gym and pool as well as a rooftop track and ground-floor retail spaces, according to the company's application for permission to build. The campus has been designed by an all-star team that includes Thomas Heatherwick, the British designer behind London's 2012 Olympic cauldron, and Danish architect Bjarke Ingels' BIG firm. CNN After 0 successful submissions, Google quadruples top reward for hacking Android to $200,000 Google has paid security researchers millions of dollars since launching its bug bounty program in 2010. The company today expanded its Android Security Rewards program because “no researcher has claimed the top reward for an exploit chain in two years.” Right. Well, the program has only been around for two years — a Google spokesperson confirmed that nobody has ever claimed the top reward. Venture Beat Intel CEO sees VR sports as a billion dollar business Intel CEO Brian Krzanich told Axios on Thursday that he sees virtual reality not only changing the face of sports, but also potentially being a multi-billion-dollar business for the chip giant. "I think it can be a couple billion dollar business" he said in an interview after his appearance at Code Conference. "And the reason is this is a whole new feed... things like advertising, the ability to take that data and sell it... we're the only ones who we believe can produce this stuff." Axios Why we're suing the FBI for records about Best Buy Geek Squad informants Sending your computer to Best Buy for repairs shouldn’t require you to surrender your Fourth Amendment rights. But that’s apparently what’s been happening when customers send their computers to a Geek Squad repair facility in Kentucky. We think the FBI’s use of Best Buy Geek Squad employees to search people’s computers without a warrant threatens to circumvent people’s constitutional rights. EFF Walmart is turning its employees into delivery drivers to compete with Amazon Walmart, which is aggressively investing in e-commerce to better compete with Amazon, is unveiling a new strategy: turning its army of 1.5 million US employees into delivery drivers. The tactic is being tested at three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas, and designed to shave costs out of the “last mile” of distribution, the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. Quartz Exploring DynamIQ and ARM’s New CPUs: Cortex-A75, Cortex-A55 ARM moves at an aggressive pace, pushing out new processor IP on a yearly cadence. It needs to move fast partly because it has so many partners across so many industries to keep happy and partly because it needs to keep up with the technology its IP comes into contact with, everything from new process nodes to higher quality displays to artificial intelligence. To keep pace, ARM keeps multiple design teams in several different locations all working in parallel. AnandTech Is “I forget” a valid defense when court orders demand a smartphone password? On May 30, two suspects accused of extorting the so-called "Queen of Snapchat" as part of a sex-tape scandal are scheduled to appear in a Florida court. But as wild as the premise sounds, primarily the accused need only to answer a simple question on this visit. Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Charles Johnson wants an explanation as to why Hencha Voigt and her then boyfriend, Wesley Victor, can't remember the passcodes to their mobile phones. Ars Technica 51 GPUs tested, from the Radeon HD 2900XT to RX 580 & R9 Fury: Testing the 2017 Linux driver stack It's that time of the year where we see how the open-source AMD Linux graphics driver stack is working on past and present hardware in a large GPU comparison with various OpenGL games and workloads. This year we go from the new Radeon RX 580 all the way back to the Radeon HD 2900XT, looking at how the mature Radeon DRM kernel driver and R600 Gallium3D driver is working for aging ATI/AMD graphics hardware. Phoronix Chrome bug allows sites to record audio and video without a visual indicator Ran Bar-Zik, a web developer at AOL, has discovered and reported a bug in Google Chrome that allows websites to record audio and video without showing a visual indicator. The bug is not as bad as it sounds, as the malicious website still needs to get the user's permission to access audio and video components, but there are various ways in which this issue could be weaponized to record audio or video without the user's knowledge. Bleeping Computer Does your video game have too many words? (Yeah, probably.) My whole career has been based on writing very story-heavy games, with lots of words. Our company, Spiderweb Software, is small. We can't afford fancy graphics, so we have to rely on words. Interesting, quality words. We're currently remastering the series with our most loved story and our bestest words. We also finished a new series, which had a lot of words which I suspect weren't as good because it didn't sell as well. Gamasutra Hollywood sees illegal streaming devices as ‘piracy 3.0’ Piracy remains a major threat for the movie industry, MPA Stan McCoy said yesterday during a panel session at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. After McCoy praised the collaboration between the MPA(A) and Russian authorities in their fight against online piracy, the ‎President and Managing Director of the MPA’s EMEA region noted that pirates are not standing still. TorrentFreak The sci-fi timeline Which came first, the sci-fi chicken or the (alien) egg? We're all used to seeing movies and games set in the future, but often the date can seem a bit abstract. We've brought together some of our favourites to show yo the timeline and where they all fit. There were some surprises! See for yourself, and decide if the writers got it right! Glow BOE technology shows first working emissive QLED screens at DisplayWeek 2017 Per a report from OLED.net, Chinese tech company BOE Technology Group has shown the first examples of a fully functional electroluminescent emissive QLED displays in the form of a flat panel TV and phone. The company demoed both screens at DisplayWeek 2017. Electroluminescent QLED is an emissive technology, like OLED and plasma before it. AVS Forum What really happened with Vista I generally have posted about things that I have been directly involved with — either code I wrote or projects I managed. In this post I am taking a different tack to write about my perspective on the underlying causes of the Windows Vista (codename Longhorn) debacle. While this happened over a decade ago, this was a crucial period in the shift to mobile and had long-running consequences internally to Microsoft. Hacker Noon Hack brief: Dangerous ‘Fireball’ adware infects a quarter billion PCs Adware that infects your computer to display pop-ups is an annoyance. But when it infects as many as one in five networks in the world, and hides the capability to do far more serious damage to its victims, it’s an epidemic waiting to happen. Wired Related Reads Neowin's 7 days of cleaning up Windows and all things Android Neowin's 7 Days of Android updates, Qualcomm's "rubbish," and the last version of Windows Neowin's 7 Days of Xbox news, Lumia flagships, and Android's security crackdown Post a comment 1 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Logitech updates high-end mice: MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S Microsoft co-founder shows off the world's biggest plane Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Mon, Jun 05 2017. 01 21 AM IST IPOs worth Rs5,000 crore lined up this month Tejas Networks, CDSL, Eris Lifesciences and Au Small Finance Bank among firms looking to sell shares to the public in June Subscribe to our newsletter. Swaraj Singh Dhanjal Eight firms have raised Rs6,335.83 crore through IPOs so far this year. Photo: Reuters Mumbai: At least four companies are ready to sell their shares to the public for the first time in June, aiming to raise a total of at least Rs 5,000 crore, four people familiar with the moves said. The firms are telecom equipment maker Tejas Networks Ltd, depository services firm Central Depository Services Ltd, pharma company Eris Lifesciences Ltd and small finance bank Au Small Finance Bank Ltd. Bengaluru-based Tejas Networks, which is backed by private equity investors such as Goldman Sachs, Intel Capital, Frontline Strategy and Mayfield, is looking to launch its approximately Rs800 crore initial public offering (IPO) in the third week of June, one of the persons cited above said. “Road shows were completed last month, a final assessment of the institutional demand has been done and the IPO is set for launch, which is targeted for the week of 12 June,” he said. The IPO will raise Rs450 crore in primary capital for capital expenditure and working capital requirements. Several shareholders—including Cascade Capital Management Mauritius, Intel Capital, Frontline and the company’s chief executive officer Sanjay Nayak—will also sell some of the shares they hold through an offer for sale. Au Small Finance Bank Ltd, one of the 10 entities who were granted a small finance bank licence in 2015 by the Reserve Bank of India, is planning to launch its almost Rs2,000 crore IPO, said another person cited above, also requesting anonymity. “The plan is to launch the IPO towards the end of the month. The company is currently on investor roadshows, which are expected to be concluded soon,” he said. Among small finance banks, it will be the third to be listed. Equitas Small Finance Bank got listed in April 2016 and in the next month, Ujjivan Small Finance Bank got listed too. Au’s IPO is a pure offer for sale. Existing investors partially selling their shares include International Finance Corporation (part of the World Bank Group), Warburg Pincus, ChrysCapital and Kedaara Capital. “As you are aware, Au Small Finance Bank Ltd had filed a draft red herring prospectus with capital markets regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for its IPO on 1st February 2017. The company received the SEBI comments in March 2017. The timing of opening the IPO will be decided in due course by company and selling shareholders in consultation with BRLMs (book running lead managers),” said a spokesperson for the company in an email. Last week, Mint reported that Ahmedabad-based pharmaceuticals company Eris Lifesciences Pvt. Ltd plans to launch a Rs2,000 crore IPO in June. The fourth company is depository services firm CDSL, which plans to raise Rs400 crore. According to the draft red herring prospectus filed by the company, the IPO will be a pure offer for sale by existing shareholders BSE Ltd, State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda and The Calcutta Stock Exchange. BSE, SBI, Bank of Baroda and The Calcutta Stock Exchange together hold 65.65% stake in CDSL, with BSE alone holding 50%. Emails sent to Tejas Networks and CDSL on Thursday evening were not answered. So far this year, eight companies have raised Rs6,335.83 crore through IPOs, while last year 26 companies raised Rs26,493.84 crore through this route. Swaraj Singh Dhanjal Topics: IPOs Tejas Networks CDSL Eris Lifesciences Au Small Finance Bank More From Livemint READ MORE 7 key outcomes from Narendra Modi’s four-nation tour London terror attack: 12 arrested, IS takes responsibility 4 militants killed in bid to attack CRPF camp in Jammu and Kashmir First Published: Mon, Jun 05 2017. 12 16 AM IST Editor's Picks Currency ban: The politics vs the economics Are nationalized banks the walking dead of the Indian banking system? $120 million-plus brand value just numbers for me: Virat Kohli Latest News 7 key outcomes from Narendra Modi’s four-nation tour London terror attack: 12 arrested, IS takes responsibility 4 militants killed in bid to attack CRPF camp in Jammu and Kashmir KKR with record Asia fund, one eye on Japan makes sense Opening bell: Asia markets open mixed; Wipro, NSE in news Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Skip to content SOUND BOOKS FUN TOYS …and, of course, everyone knows fun rules. YOUTUBE Search for... Search Menu View Widgets Home Blog Look Film Animated Listen SOUNDBOOPS Learn Games About ◕‿◕ LEAN WIT DRUG MONEY (prod. StewRat) by StewRat YACHIMATA_170605 by MIYAUCHI YURI / 宮内 優里 WWE Extreme Rules 2017: The Best Moments From The PPV TMNT Summer Shorts: Teenage Mecha Ninja Turtles | New Short Films All Summer Long! | Nick Rocket League’s Second Anniversary Includes New Cars And Explosions Search: Search for... Search New in Store LazyTown - Sports Candy Festival DVD Nickelodeon Dr. Claw Action Figure Tiger Toys DIC 1992 RARE Inspector Gadget toys Tales From the Cryptkeeper: Pleasant Screams - Complete 1st Season DVD Cartoon James Pond DS Codename Robocod Nintendo DS Game COMPLETE WWE All Stars Playstation 3 Game COMPLETE Wrestling PS3 Love at First Bite (DVD, 2005) MGM Official RARE George Hamilton Funny Vampire Advertisements Best PC Hardware Deals Of The Week http://ifttt.com/images/no_image_card.png This week in PC hardware deals covers a wide range of gaming needs. One of the most powerful video cards to date is on sale, but there is also a great combo offer to get you started on building a new system. A couple of high resolution displays can be had for a decent price, as well as some cheap storage. As always, feel free to share any sales you come across in the comments. Gigabyte GTX 1080 Ti Founders Edition – $659.99 Nvidia’s GTX 1080 Ti is a blazing-fast top-end graphics card, but remains quite pricey. This sale chops $40 off its MSRP, though you should note that this is a Founders Edition SKU of the 1080 Ti. It doesn’t have a robust cooling solution or crazy overclocks out of the box, but it still performs well above every graphics card out now (except the $1200 Titan Xp). Core i5-7600, ASRock H270M Pro4, 16GB Corsair RAM combo – $380.99 New system builders may want to look into this CPU, motherboard, and RAM combo. It’s made up of an Intel Core i5-7600, an ASRock H270 micro ATX motherboard, and 16GB of Corsair Vengeance DDR4 RAM at 2133MHz. Overall, you’ll save $40 for a strong foundation to build a new gaming computer. Microsoft Windows 10 64-bit Home Edition OEM – $79.99 Speaking of system builders, you can snag the Windows 10 64-bit Home Edition operating system from Fry’s Electronics for $79.99 if you sign up to receive promo codes. Technically, it isn’t hardware, but what’s a good system without the proper software? Western Digital 4TB External Hard Drive – $99.99 This external hard drive from Western Digital offers a ton of storage for the price. It connects through USB 3.0 and requires an external power source to use. The 8TB version is also on sale for $179.99. Eluktronics W650KK1 Laptop with GTX 1050 Ti – $699.97 If you’re looking for a cost-effective solution gaming laptop, you might not get more value than this one from Eluktronics. It comes with a desktop Intel Pentium G4560 dual-core CPU, 8GB of DDR4 RAM, and a GTX 1050 Ti, which make for fine gaming performance at 1080p. It’s also equipped with an IPS panel and a 1TB 7200RPM hard drive. Acer 27-inch 1440p IPS Monitor – $249.99 (promo code: EMCRGRB35) If your system is powerful enough for 1440p resolution in modern games and you’re still using a 1080p display, you might want to consider this monitor from Acer. It brings 1440p into a 27 inch IPS display, which means you’ll get better color reproduction in addition to the higher resolution. Be sure to use the promo code to swoop it up for this price. Dell 27-inch 1440p 144Hz G-Sync Monitor – $414.95 (Open Box) This Dell monitor made it onto our list last week, but this time we found open boxes available for even cheaper. The S2716DGR not only packs in a high native resolution of 1440p but also has a 144Hz refresh rate and G-Sync to prevent screen tearing at variable frame rates. 16GB (2x8GB) Geil Evo Potenza DDR4 2400MHz – $93.99 (promo code: EMCRGRC29) Prices on system memory are still higher than they’ve been in the recent past, but if you’re need of 16GB of RAM, this is a cost-effective option. Take note that the heatsinks on these RAM sticks are a bit taller than most, so check twice to make sure you have enough clearance in your case. And don’t forget to use the promo code to get these sticks at this price. Corsair Scimitar Mouse – $49.99 We found the Corsair Scimitar to be one of the better mice that feature a plethora of programmable buttons. Its 12 side buttons have texturing that helps distinguish them from one another. The buttons are solid and tactile without being to soft to accidentally press when gripping the mouse. G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 Mouse – $29.99 The MX 780 mouse from G.Skill may be on the gaudy side in terms of design, but it performs well and has plenty of modular features. There are interchangeable grips and extra buttons on both sides of the mouse, and it comes with optional weights if you prefer a heavier mouse. Vía https://www.gamespot.com/articles/best-pc-hardware-deals-of-the-week/1100-6450550/ ʕ ᴖᴥᴖʔ Subscribe to me here on Youtube! Advertisements Save or Share Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Posted on 9 hours ago By SoundBooks GAMES Posted in GAMES Tagged #Best PC Hardware Deals Of The Week, GAMES, new games Post navigation Next Post ‘Wonder Woman’ Conquers Milestone With $100.5 Million Debut Previous Post Nickelodeon UK To Premiere A Week Of Celeb-Packed Episodes Of “Paradise Run” Season 2 From Monday 24th July 2017 Advertisements Home Blog Look Film Animated Listen SOUNDBOOPS Learn Games About ◕‿◕ MORE Animated Bloggy Film Games Learn LISTEN🎵 LOOK👀 SOUNDBOOPS CTRL + D to bookmark this site Search this site Search for... Search A simple and free way to support! www.soundbooks.club YOUTUBE Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US Here’s When Senate Intel Could Wrap Up Its Trump-Russia Probe [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 1:25 PM 06/04/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP The Senate Intelligence Committee’s investigation of potential collusion between Trump advisers and the Russian government should conclude sometime this fall, says Texas Sen. John Cornyn, a Republican member of the intelligence panel. “My hope is that sometime in the September timeframe we’ll have a chance to wrap up our investigation on the intelligence committee. These things do have a way of dragging on longer and longer, sometimes because they’re politically controversial as well,” Cornyn said in an interview with WFAA, a Dallas television station. “I think we ought to be able to wrap it up sometime this Fall,” he continued. Senate Intelligence Committee should complete its investigation of Russia and @realdonaldtrump by September, says Sen. @JohnCornyn. pic.twitter.com/LrIUUtscHe — Jason Whitely (@JasonWhitely) June 4, 2017 The committee is conducting a parallel investigation to the FBI’s probe of Russian meddling in the presidential campaign. The sprawling investigations focus on Russian cyber attacks as well as whether any members of the Trump campaign colluded with the Kremlin to influence the outcome of the election. The Senate committee, as well as its counterpart in the House, are also investigating whether members of the Obama administration illegally leaked information about the federal investigation. So far there has been no direct evidence that Trump or anyone from his campaign cooperated with Russian agents to influence the election. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said on Sunday that he has not seen explicit evidence of collusion. “We have no smoking gun at this point. But there is a lot of smoke,” Warner said in an interview on CNN. There has been no indication of how long the FBI investigation of Trump-Russia collusion will last. The probe is being overseen by former FBI Director Robert Mueller. He was appointed special counsel last month by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. Mueller appears to be conducting an expansive investigation, recent news reports indicate. On Friday it was reported that he is looking into former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s lobbying on behalf of the Turkish government. He is also investigating former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort’s business activities. Follow Chuck on Twitter Tags: Donald Trump, FBI, John Cornyn, Robert Mueller Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Phoronix Turns 13: Phoronix celebrates its 13th birthday of continuous Linux coverage on June 5. Each year it unfortunately becomes increasingly difficult to operate due to ad-blockers. We rely upon (pay-per-impression) advertisements to continue. If you continue blocking ads, consider a tip via PayPal to help support our work. Or you can get on our ad-free premium service via a special deal we are running this week. Thanks! Intel vs. Radeon vs. NVIDIA OpenGL/Vulkan Linux Driver Performance Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Gaming on 4 June 2017. Page 1 of 4. 5 Comments As another interesting benchmark special for Phoronix's 13th birthday is a comparison of Intel Kabylake, NVIDIA, and Radeon Vulkan vs. OpenGL Linux driver performance. Not only are we looking at the raw OpenGL/Vulkan performance but also the relative performance between graphics APIs on each vendor. For this comparison I ran Dota 2, Mad Max, and Serious Sam Fusion 2017 on the three vendors' driver stacks. For testing on the Intel side was the HD Graphics 630 (Kabylake) of the Core i5 7600K system used for testing. On the Radeon side I was using the Radeon RX 480 and R9 Fury; see more AMD benchmarks in yesterday's 6-way GL/Vulkan Radeon comparison. The Radeon and Intel driver make-up was the Linux 4.12 Git kernel with Mesa 17.2-dev via the Padoka PPA on Ubuntu 17.04. On the NVIDIA side was the GeForce GTX 1060 and GTX 1080 paired with the 381.22 display driver. With the three games and five graphics processors, OpenGL and Vulkan were both tested for a side-by-side comparison via the Phoronix Test Suite. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - Dota 2 + Mad MaxPage 3 - Mad MaxPage 4 - Serious Sam + CPU Page: 1234Next Page 5 Comments Related Articles OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Intel Kabylake On Linux 4.12 + Mesa 17.2-dev Trying Out Ballistic Overkill On Linux With Vulkan NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti: Windows 10 Creators Update vs. Ubuntu Linux Gaming CPUFreq vs. P-State CPU Scaling Governor Tests On Various Vulkan/OpenGL Games Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen Trending Linux News Some Ryzen Linux Users Are Facing Issues With Heavy Compilation Loads AMD Begins Cutting Prices On Ryzen CPUs LZ4m: Taking LZ4 Compression To The Next Level UBports Has A Lot Of Work This Summer For Letting Ubuntu Touch Live On Micro Machines World Series Is Driving On Linux This Month Latest Linux News Linux 4.12-rc4 Released, A "Fairly Normal" Test Release RADV External Memory Patches Revised, Needed For SteamVR Support GDB 8.0 Released, Adds Many New Features, Drops Java GCJ Support Dolphin Emulator Drops D3D12 Backend, Focuses On Vulkan My Three Hopes For AMD's Open-Source Stack The Rest Of 2017 Weston Debug Protocol Proposed For Wayland OpenBenchmarking.org Hits 24 Million Test/Suite Downloads Some Ryzen Linux Users Are Facing Issues With Heavy Compilation Loads More Android Code Had Been Landing In Wine Celebrate Phoronix's 13th Birthday By Going Ad-Free Premium At A Great Discount Latest Featured Articles Intel vs. Radeon vs. NVIDIA OpenGL/Vulkan Linux Driver Performance 6-Way RadeonSI OpenGL vs. RADV Vulkan Comparison 51 GPUs Tested, From The Radeon HD 2900XT To RX 580 & R9 Fury: Testing The 2017 Linux Driver Stack 12-Way RadeonSI OpenGL Comparison vs. NVIDIA On Ubuntu Linux 21-Way NVIDIA Fermi/Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenCL GPU Comparison Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AR/VR Qualcomm spells out the hurdles to ‘extended reality’ glasses Dean Takahashi@deantak June 4, 2017 8:35 AM Above: Augmented reality and virtual reality will be useful beyond games. Image Credit: Qualcomm Qualcomm wants virtual reality and augmented reality to succeed more than anyone, since it will supply the chips that power the hardware behind “extended reality,” delivered by ordinary-looking glasses that can deliver either virtual reality or augmented reality applications. But Tim Leland, vice president of product management at Qualcomm, gave a talk this week at Augmented World Expo in Santa Clara, Calif., where all the major tech companies — Google, Intel, Qualcomm, Microsoft — and many others had augmented reality technology on display. He said there are plenty of obstacles to extended reality, and the industry should collectively work on the problems to bring the future into focus faster. He said that AR animations, overlaid on the real world, still look fake. For instance, if AR objects are inserted into the real world but they don’t cast shadows, then they clearly won’t fit seamlessly in the landscape. But enabling accurate lighting and shadows will require a lot more horsepower, and that will tax battery life. Leland laid out all of the problems in his talk, and he showed what kind of hardware the future will require. We talked about the challenges in an interview. Here’s an edited transcript of our talk. Above: Tim Leland of Qualcomm talks about extended reality. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi VB: What kind of outlook do you have for mixed reality, extended reality? Tim Leland: We’ve hit a milestone. We mentioned we were building Snapdragon 835 VR HMD dev kits with full tool support. We’re bringing those up right now. We’re still on schedule to ship out to developers. We’ll go wide with that program this summer. We’re still executing on our HMD accelerator program. We have all these reference designs available for OEMs if they want to build an HMD based on Snapdragon 835. As far as AR, we’re going full speed ahead. ODG has been a great partner to us. The first time we’d ever done an announcement of a new flagship product with a non-smartphone customer was ODG here, at CES. That was a vote of confidence. We believe in their technology. We believe in AR. At this event I’m going to be presenting on what we’re calling extended reality, or XR. It’s an umbrella term to encapsulate VR, AR, and MR. It’s everything. Where we see things going in the future is a converged device that does all of it. It can do VR, with a display that goes completely opaque for that. It can do AR in the same mass-market consumer device. Six degrees of freedom. Inside out tracking for all the head movement. Support for more advanced use cases in eye tracking, and also hand tracking. Looking further down the road, we have this partnership with Leap Motion. Their technology makes VR much more fun and easy to use. We’ll continue to work with them, accelerating some of their algorithms in our heterogeneous compute units inside of Snapdragon to get even better performance. We’re still working with SMI on the eye tracking side. We have a lot of good partnerships on the algorithmic development of the computer vision aspects of AR and VR. We’ll keep pushing those, especially now that we have these dev kits. We’ll have a great platform to continue to refine some of these algorithms with partners. GamesBeat: Where are you making progress? Leland: I don’t know if you were at Google I/O, but there was the announcement there. We’ve been working with Google. There were multiple Daydream smartphone announcements, and two HMDs were announced. One was Lenovo and the other was HTC. I can’t go into too many details on what we’re doing with Google, but we’re very close partners on different form factors of VR devices. Also, we’re working with some unannounced partners on very influential HMD designs going forward. All of which we believe will ship at the end of the year or early next year, with new products on our side being announced toward the end of the year as well. We’ve been very busy on SDKs, to make sure we have better development tools. We’ve been refining our six degrees of freedom head motion tracking algorithm, so it works with binocular cameras instead of just a mono camera. It’s even more accurate and uses lower power. For the rest of the presentation I’ll introduce a few problems that I think the ecosystem needs to solve together. There will be areas where all these companies compete, but there are common areas where we should be working to solve some difficult problems. One of those areas I have broken out into five pieces here. If you have a virtual object that you’re placing in the real world, you might draw it correctly. It might be anchored correctly. But if it’s not lit correctly, it’s still going to look fake. If you look at the top one here, that’s the same model as the bottom one, but the bottom is using the real light as the light source. That’s an area where we’ll be working on all aspects of foveation, whether it’s for standardizing and improving foveated graphics rendering to improve visual quality at lower power consumption, and also foveation of video, the view portal for adaptive streaming. When the upstream video service knows you’ve turned your head, it’ll then start refocusing the bitrate to that part of the environment map so you get the best visual quality with reductions in power consumption. It’s a lot of stuff. This is a brand new market and a huge amount of work. The smartphone could eventually become a large segment of the market in XR wearables. There will be no cables in this type of market. Any type of cable is just a non-starter. Fans will not exist. We think there might be a niche market for glasses that maybe stream to a PC, but that’s a small part of it. The big part is everything self-contained in a mobile device. All the visual processing systems are very close to the inertial sampling systems, so everything is very fast, very low motion to photon latency, or for AR very low photon to photon latency. We’ll just have to solve some of the power problems together with the ecosystem. I list some of those in the presentation. Above: Qualcomm’s vision for the “extended reality” glasses of the future. Image Credit: Qualcomm VB: The lighting issue seems like a big problem, how to make things look real. But then you have to know where the lighting is in the real world. You have to sense that somehow. Leland: It’s a worthy problem for a company that spends a lot of time on visual processing like we do. We’ll be working with middleware companies. I’ve talked to a couple already, operating system guys. At events like this sometimes we just like to throw out one of the difficult problems that we think is worth solving. It gets the debate started. Those that are willing to jump in with us and do some joint R&D sometimes—that’s how we get things moving forward. VB: Are you guys making any predictions as far as how soon things will happen? Leland: I really do think the analogy to smartphones is a good one. Unfortunately it’s been copied so much, but we came up with this first slide maybe two years ago. We’ve been updating it over time. If you think of this as a 30-year cycle, for phones this would have been about 1987. We’re somewhere in the ‘90s in this analogy. By 2020, somewhere in that time, we think we will enter this phase of the technology – rapid evolution, surging consumer adoption – as these devices become more socially acceptable. They’ll be smaller. They’ll work better. The content is coming. That’ll be the steep part of the hockey stick, where we keep marching along the next 15-20 years after that. There’s still money to be made along the way. There will be volumes in here. But out in this time frame we’re talking hundreds of millions of units per year. We think that’s possible. It’s especially possible if you bring different experiences to the same device, more value to the same device, which is sub-$1,000. It can do VR and AR. It doesn’t require a lot of setup. It just works. It’s awesome to see Facebook put a bunch of effort into what they’re building. Google is doing a great job of funding content for VR. They just acquired a company we invested in, Owlchemy. That was a good acquisition on their side. All arrows are pointing in the direction that mobile is the future and convergence is happening. That’s how we see the world right now. Above: All the sensors for extended reality glasses. Image Credit: Qualcomm VB: Do you have a splintering as well, when you get to other kinds of devices that could happen once the tech was better? Leland: Even within HMDs—there will be HMDs that are specific to different types of jobs or tasks. They could be purpose built for a particular job. We go through an example in here about a first responder, a firefighter. It shows what that might look like. We had an early mockup of this for the New York event and we’ve been refining it. You wouldn’t imagine that you’d just wear these glasses around, but if it was a mission critical part of your job, something that made your job easier and safer, you might. But the mass market will be glasses that look more like what we wear around anyway. Maybe a bit bigger and heavier, but it can’t be too much. This is the kind of thing where people decide that they don’t need a smartphone. They can just get these glasses. Much like people started deciding they didn’t need a laptop when they could do everything on their phone. Not everybody did that, but a big swathe of consumers did. That may be the case as mobile evolves and changes form factor. Above: The can without a shadow doesn’t look real. Image Credit: Qualcomm VB: On the game side, are you envisioning anything in particular? Leland: It’ll be interesting to see where AR gaming goes. It’s been around a while. I got a Nintendo 3DS a while ago, and that was fun. As the ability to more appropriately place and draw and light virtual objects in real-world settings—it could be a lot of fun for kids too. You don’t have to get out all these different board games. Put on the glasses, load a program, there it is. The game is all set up right in front of you. You can movie pieces and draw cards. We might even see a revival of the old games we used to play as kids. Now it’s just an augmented version. For VR there’s going to be—all the PC and console games will probably be rejigged for VR. Part of the market will go crazy for that. We make an SDK. We have a team that supports game developers. We’re working with Tencent. We’re pretty active in the gaming space. There’s another big publisher over in China that we can’t talk about yet, but we’re working with them. We’re very closely partnered with Unity to make sure that engine – which is the foundation of almost every VR game in development, it feels like – is well-optimized for Snapdragon. Above: Augmented reality looks fake today. Image Credit: Qualcomm VB: In that 30-year cycle, where do you see something like 5G coming into it? It seems to make it much more useful. Leland: It sure does. Where that will come into play is most likely for video. If you look where we are today, 4K Ultra HD, 30fps, 360 degrees. We’re probably not completely there. It’s just starting to come online for broadcast video and streaming from other services. In the next decade, though, it’s going to go crazy. It’ll be 8K, up to 120fps, all high dynamic range. We’ll have the concept of the free viewpoint, where all the video has been captured from multiple angles, so it’s almost like computer graphics. You can walk around and interact with video. The major sports franchises are very interested in this part. This is going to require multiple gigabits per second. Importantly, because this is interactive, you want low latency. With 5G we’re improving the latency, the responsiveness with other applications, by 10 times. It’s down to a millisecond. The other important thing is, you don’t have to stand right next to the cell tower to get that. The 5G experience is much more uniform as you’re walking away from the cell tower. You don’t see the same kind of reduction in throughput and latency. Above: This is how real augmented reality should look. Image Credit: Qualcomm VB: It also seems to have the effect of lightening up the glasses, if you don’t need as much processing or hardware in them. Leland: For video, that’s more latency-tolerant. The video content will be from Netflix, YouTube, somebody else’s server connected to their drones, somebody else’s glasses. But for graphics, we believe most of that will be rendered on the device. Graphics is more latency-intolerant. Outside of the view frustum, nothing exists in graphics. You wouldn’t do that. You wouldn’t burn unnecessary power. But for video you’re taking a scene and wrapping it around a sphere or a rectangular projection. The benefit of this interaction latency—even if you can’t interact with the video, if you have lower latency as you turn your head, you can alert the system that’s streaming to you. “Okay, focus the highest bitrate on this part of the video for the best visual quality.” That’s called viewport aware adaptive streaming. Google is investing big on that, and others as well. There’s going to be a mix of a lot of processing, particularly visual processing, in the HMD itself, but you want to have high connectivity over 5G to these internet services for the stuff that’s less latency-intolerant. It’s going to be killer. XR video is going to be the killer application for 5G. VB: What do you think is the answer once people get to a point where they can’t necessarily tell what’s real and what’s not? Leland: I do think it’s going to happen. “When?” is a good question. Part of that depends on the viewer. If you’re like me and you do this every day and you know what flaws to look for, we may be the guys who take longer. For the average consumer, though, when do they say it’s just like real life? I don’t know. It won’t be for a few more years. Sometime in the middle of the next decade, maybe, we could get to a point where quite a few applications are indistinguishable from reality. Above: Qualcomm believes extended reality will unfold over decades. Image Credit: Qualcomm VB: Tony Parisi of Unity was saying, “If you think we have a problem with fake news now, wait until you can actually fake what people see.” Leland: [laughs] We’re swimming in the same direction as Tony. We’re pretty closely partnered with those guys. We have a common view of the world. It’s moving toward mobile. The different markets that graphics could service within VR are pretty immense. I don’t think a week goes by that we’re not talking to Unity in some fashion. We’re pretty heavily engaged with them, just like Google and other similar companies. VB: Any other key conclusions in your talk? Leland: These problems we’re talking about, there is no one company that can solve them. There’s no half a dozen companies. They’re not even just hardware problems. Even on power consumption, there’s a software element. There are times when we’ll compete with different companies, but there’s a lot of room to come together. It’s time we start agreeing on some of the goalposts for these difficult problems. Like field of view – do we go after more than 190 degrees? Do we just stick with 190 degrees on the horizontal but optimize the heck out of everything in the middle? It’s time for the industry to start agreeing on the fundamentals as best we can. We can still compete in areas where we agree, but if we don’t start working together it’s going to stagnate the evolution of these high-volume devices that are waiting out there. Make products that consumers want to buy and they’ll want to buy them. Volumes will go up. If we just try to repurpose old PC era antiquated architectures and create a market out of what we have, don’t be surprised when consumers don’t react and you have this gap of disappointment. We’re focused on trying to make products with our partners that consumers want to buy. We’re focusing on some of these problems and we’re eventually going to fix them. Above: The vision for extended reality. Image Credit: Qualcomm VB: I could see definite problems in the input systems. There’s going to be so many ways to do input. Whether or not you’ll have touch feedback or detect one finger or detect all 10 fingers– Leland: Our take on that—in the near term there are six degrees of freedom controllers that are ramping up at various stages. There’s some nice consortium activity going on in the open XR community at Khronos to standardize the APIs that those different controllers will work with, so there’s not this fragmentation problem for developers. But in the long term, as we’ve been saying, the best controller is no controller, using computer vision and machine learning technologies to predict and interpret gestures rapidly. For VR, using 3D reconstruction bring your own hands overlaying these models that are being used in VR, so it looks like—it’s even more immersive. VB: Does that then create a new problem, though, where you can’t feel it? Leland: There will probably be some accessories related to the tactile aspect. I’m hearing about people working on smells as well. A lot of companies are working on sound-related technologies that you could relate to haptic feedback. A year ago the ability to move and see your hands seemed impossible, but now that’s normal in the virtual environment. VB: Does anything seem like it’s going to be too difficult? I get that feeling about eye tracking, whether you can control things with your eyes. Leland: It feels like it’s more of a complementary technology. You’d have certain interfaces that would not completely rely on eye tracking to complete the entire interaction. It would be more assistive. I’m looking around a room, it’ll keep track of where I’m looking. Therefore, if I just put out my hand, it knows I’m looking at the door handle over there. It simplifies that interaction, but it doesn’t rely solely on gaze. The eye tracking complements the body and hand motion tracking and interaction. VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake 06/03/2017 at 9:57 AM by Brad Linder 13 Comments MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop computers. The MSI Cubi 3 is a small desktop computer with an aluminum case and a fanless design for silent operation. While it’s not the first MSI Cubi computer to feature passive cooling, it is the first fanless model to feature a 15 watt Intel Kaby Lake-U series processor rather than a lower-power Braswell chip. According to Tek.No, which spotted the MSI Cubi 3 at Computex, the new computer is expected to ship this fall. The system has ventilation around the top of the computer to let hot air escape. Under the hood, it features two DDR4 SODIMM slots for up to 32GB of memory, a 2.5 inch drive bay, and an M.2 2280 slot for solid state storage. MSI notes that the computer is also compatible with Intel Optane memory. It’s a little larger than some MSI Cubi systems, in order to give the hardware room to breathe. But it’s still pretty compact for a desktop computer. The MSI Cubi 3 features DisplayPort and HDMI ports, six USB ports, two Ethernet jacks, and two COM ports (including one which is used for an Ethernet jack in the display model). Powered by a Kaby Lake-U chip with Intel HD graphics, MSI says the Cubi 3 should have no problem handling 4K displays. But keep in mind that the computer will ship with a laptop-class processor, so don’t expect bleeding edge desktop-class performance. Still, as someone who’s been using laptops with Intel Ivy Bridge and Kaby Lake processors as my primary work machines for the past few years, I don’t really consider the use of a 15 watt processor to be a down side (although I wouldn’t mind having something a little faster for rendering large, complicated audio projects). Pricing for the MSI Cubi 3 hasn’t been announced yet. via FanlessTech   Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 13 Comments on "MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Member FanlessTech Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Very very exciting little box. Fanless mini PCs featuring the Core-U series are pretty rare. For the record most of the 15W Kaby Lake chips are more powerful than the 65W desktop Sandy Bridge from few years ago. They are legit desktop replacement for basic tasks. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 1 day 11 hours ago Member Montechristos Monty Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Interesting box. However there is no mention of a USB 3.0 type C port which is important for a modern PC Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 1 day 11 hours ago Guest Mookid Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I think USB C is not as essential as avoiding distracting fan noise. During the past 5 years I’ve noticed that once you go fanless at home, there’s no turning back. I’ll be replacing my skylake nuc with this because I can’t make it fanless. Dealing with some hub and adapter is not an issue. Vote Up3Vote Down  Reply 1 day 4 hours ago Member 'Ilvee Tidus' Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I understand going fanless on a laptop because it’s setting right in front of you, but does it actually matter when the pc is so far away? Am I the only one who can’t hear the fan from 13 feet away? Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 1 hour ago Guest riddick Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I fully agree. I can’t even hear a NUC or chromebox fan from 2 feet away. My wife’s 17inch HP envy is dead silent 99% of the time… that’s a mobile skylake i7. I see fanless as a disadvantage, as it limits the heavy load performance. There are many SFF and laptops with very quiet active cooling solutions… Apple macs have fans and are very quiet. Vote Up-2Vote Down  Reply 21 hours 25 minutes ago Member FanlessTech Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Unfortunately many mainstream fanless solutions (ultrabooks or mini PCs) are undercooled. The truth is that fanless deosn’t mean high temperature and throttling. A well designed passive cooling can outperform your average cooling fan. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 6 hours 54 minutes ago Guest CampGareth Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. You’re not alone. My PC has something like 9 fans in it, mostly 120mm, it’s noticeable when going full whack and pumping out some 600W of heat but becomes unnoticeably quiet at low load. Part of that’s having a case with noise-damping foam. Now, if you genuinely only need about 15W of electronics, then sure, your mobile phone’s computer enough and silent’s reasonable. You want a GPU or to do some video rendering? No way. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 8 hours 24 seconds ago Member FanlessTech Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Fanless means silent but most importantly, more reliable. Fans are prone to failure. Industrial PCs are fanless because they can run 24/7 and require no maintenance. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 6 hours 57 minutes ago Member 'Ilvee Tidus' Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Personally, I never had a desktop fan fail ever. I only had a fan problem in my 1st laptop, which only required resoldering of a wire. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 6 hours 46 seconds ago Guest Name Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. The design with the vents mounted on the upper sides with no vents on top should prevent most dust from entering the PC. Seems interesting. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 20 hours 8 minutes ago Guest divmax Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. for dust allergy reasons, must go fanless Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 16 hours 54 minutes ago Guest roni Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. hope pricing limit to 300$ wonder how “up squared”- the first maker board with intel apollo- up2 – is working and handle Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 6 hours 38 minutes ago Guest roni Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. “up squared”- has 2 usb2 and 2 usb3, 2 hdmi and edp,N4200 cpu, 4GB of RAM, should be great pc for 220$, but this MSI Cubi 3 has 15 watt processor so it probable has an m3 cpu, thats better, but its MSI so the price will be most likely 400$, for an extra 180$ , get m3 cpu over N4200, i dont think so, the cpu cost less. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 6 hours 31 minutes ago Latest News Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Gigabyte's BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren't much … [Read More...] MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop … [Read More...] Compulab’s tiny UCM-iMX7 compute module bends over backward to stay small Compulab makes a line of tiny desktop computers that it sells under the … [Read More...] Popular articles MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake Zotac PI225: A fanless desktop PC that's smaller than a 2.5 inch hard drive Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Deals Deals of the Day (6-02-2017) There was a time when Amazon's Echo devices were the only game in town when it … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple WWDC 2017: Everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday Chris Mills BGR News June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Andy Williams actually got it wrong. The most wonderful time of the year isn’t Christmas; it’s the two weeks around the end of May when Apple holds its annual developer conference. In one speech, we normally get a mix of new hardware and software updates, and Apple lays out the direction it’s going to take for the next 12 months. This year, we’re expecting a big one when WWDC 2017 starts on Monday at 1:00PM Eastern. In this post, we’ll roundup all of the most notable WWDC 2017 rumors so you know what to expect during Apple’s big WWDC keynote next week. Don't Miss: It’ll be a long time until the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot are priced this low again New MacBooks Right now, the safest best for new hardware at WWDC 2017 is an update to the MacBook lineup. It might be a little odd, considering Apple just launched an all-new MacBook Pro back in November, but all the leaks, rumors and retail supply chain leaks have pointed towards some kind of new model. That’s the good news. The bad news is that we’re probably not going to see a new MacBook Air or a MacBook Pro with a few more ports. Instead, the smart money is on the current MacBook range getting a spec bump on the inside, most likely with Intel’s new Kaby Lake processor. Improvements have also been made to the graphics cards for portable machines, so you could also expect the MacBook Pro to get a graphics bump. Siri Speaker We’re also expecting to see a new Siri-powered home speaker to pop up looking a lot like the Amazon Echo. Smart speakers have emerged as the obvious portal for controlling the smart home, so Apple can’t let Amazon and Google run away with the prize. It’s challenging to innovate on the concept of “kitchen speaker with an AI and a microphone built in,” so Apple has two options here: launch a keep-up-with-the-Joneses product that demonstrates its commitment to the product and lays the groundwork for something revolutionary to come; or try the classic Apple move, and make a much more expensive version to capture the high end of the market. It’s unclear what a “high-end” home speaker would look like, but a focus on audio quality using Beats branding isn’t out of the question. New iMacs Just like the new MacBooks, it’s possible that we’ll see a spec bump for the iMac. Intel’s new processors sure would look good inside, and it would lessen some of the cries we’ve been hearing that Apple doesn’t produce ‘“pro” computers any more. New iPads Finally, there’s rumors going around that we’ll see a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC. It likely won’t be a “new” form-factor, as there’s already a 9.7-inch iPad Pro on the market (and it recently went on sale!) Instead, look for much thinner bezels enabling a bigger screen in the existing body. Software iOS 11 Apple uses WWDC to show off the newest version of iOS every year like clockwork, and there’s zero reason to imagine that this year will be different. Bloomberg rumors suggest that iOS 11 will see a design overhaul, not as severe as the iOS 7 update that scrapped skeuomorphic design, but still significant. One of the biggest new features could be the introduction of a “dark” mode across the entire OS, something that jailbreakers have been doing for years. It’s a quick and easy way to save a little battery life and appease some of the more hardcore fans. We’re also expecting updates to apps, including a possible peer-to-peer payment function in Apple Pay, and more videos in Apple Music to tie in with Apple’s first original series launching soon. One thing we haven’t heard much about are updates to Siri. Google’s recent developer conference focused heavily on the Google Assistant, and how it’s finding its way across the entire platform. If Apple is expecting the Siri Speaker to do anything well, Siri’s going to need some major updates, and fast. One of the big interface differences between the Assistant and Siri is the ability to have written conversations and type queries; it’s quite possible that Apple builds that functionality right into iOS 11. macOS Of course, we’re expecting to see a new version of macOS, but it’s unlikely to be anything big. We said above that Siri needs to be a focus of WWDC overall this year, so that’s one obvious thing for Apple to focus on for the Macs. Siri found its way to the desktop at WWDC last year, so some new features could be in order. “Hey Siri” functionality could be expanded, and third-party features don’t currently work for Siri on MacOS. Read More What we won’t see Some bad news: we almost definitely won’t see a new iPhone. Although the iPhone SE is technically due an update, the timing would be terrible. Apple is expected to announce three new phones of some kind this fall; the last thing it needs is a new cheap iPhone undercutting the “super-cycle” of people upgrading to the iPhone 8. A new Mac Pro is also probably off the table. Although the timing for a preview announcement makes sense, Apple execs previously hinted that a new Mac Pro would come by the end of the year. That also gives Apple time to integrate Intel’s newly-announced Core i9 chips, which are an obvious thing for Apple to stick inside its premiere video-editing machine. Trending right now: Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones This hideous iPhone 8 design keeps popping up See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech 15 Hot Weather Girls Who Love To Show Off Their... www.hooch.netSponsored People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech No one will ever find this hidden spy cam BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Xero accounting | AliExpress | MightyApe | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Articles Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Offers and Wanted › [FS] Dell Inspiron 15R N5010 15" laptop freitasm BDFL - Memuneh 57956 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 9549 Administrator Trusted Geekzone Subscriber Topic # 214943 4-Jun-2017 11:13 Selling on behalf of in-laws... Dell Inspiron 15R N5010 15 inch laptop, 500GB HDD, 4GB RAM, Intel Corel i3 2.4GHz. Intel HD Graphics, running Windows 7 Home Premium SP1 64 bit with all updates installed to now. Red cover   It needs a new battery. Scratches over the palm resting area but screen is in good condition.   It comes with a leather(ish) Toshiba laptop bag (or not if you don't need it). Asking $130 (with bag) plus $20 shipping if outside Wellington.   Shipping without the battery.   Laptop colours as shown from stock image:   Mauricio Freitas (Geekzone Admin, Devil's Advocate, my blog, technology disclosure)   Come talk travel on TravelTalk NZ. Geekzone Price comparison | Geekzone News | Jinglebugs | Legal Movie Services in New Zealand | Payoneer | MightyApe | AliExpress | Amazon |  Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices News » Commerce Commission investigates Vodafone FibreX Posted 3-Jun-2017 16:44 D-Link partners with Google Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:49 Soltius achieves AWS Managed Service Partner accreditation Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:48 AWS skills and certification shortage an opportunity for IT students and pros Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:46 Never lose your keys again: tech startup Magpie Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:44 Crucial announces 128GB DDR4 LRDIMM server memory Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:42 Accenture study shows benefits of AI to NEw Zealand growth Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:40 IDC smartphone shipment numbers: Samsung takes top spot again Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:38 New Zealand government secures cloud framework agreement with Amazon Web Services Posted 30-May-2017 15:51 Mobile termination rate revision not pressing Posted 30-May-2017 15:16 IBM remote work recall a red herring Posted 29-May-2017 19:15 RBI2 bidders at Rural Connectivity Symposium Posted 29-May-2017 12:50 Edifier R1700BT speakers review: Luxury Bluetooth sounds Posted 28-May-2017 13:06 National AI group launching next month Posted 25-May-2017 09:54 New Zealand Digital Future, according to tech companies Posted 25-May-2017 09:51 Geekzone Live » Try automatic live updates from Geekzone directly in your browser, without refreshing the page, with Geekzone Live now. Updates » Are you subscribed to our RSS feed? You can download the latest headlines and summaries from our stories directly to your computer or smartphone by using a feed reader. Alternatively, you can receive a daily email with Geekzone updates. RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,531 Reviews & Articles | 55,526 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Patriot Viper V570 Mouse and V370 RGB Headset Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's Core i9-7980XE 18C/36T processor: 2018 release? Intel's next-gen 18C/36T processor won't be released until next year By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 1 day, 3 hours ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel might have unveiled their new Core i9 range of processors at Computex 2017, led by the flagship Core i9-7980XE processor and its 18C/36T of power. Except, that monster will not see the light of day until 2018 according to an ASUS representative.     "Raja@ASUS" on the ASUS ROG forums replied to someone asking about the benefits of Intel's new 18-core CPU, to which he responded with: "The 18-core CPUs are not scheduled until later this year. Won't have them for a while. Either way, unless you're using the rig for rendering or encoding to make a living, no need".   I don't think we'll see the Core i9-7980XE until early 2018, which will let AMD have plenty of time to get ThreadRipper into the hands of consumers with the full 16C/32T of power and a full 64 PCIe 3.0 lanes compared to the 44 PCIe 3.0 lanes on X299 from Intel. NEWS SOURCES:Tweaktown.com >> NEXT STORY: ASRock delivers with an X299 mITX motherboard << PREVIOUS STORY: Samsung shows promising new VR display tech Related Tags Intel Intel Core i9 Intel Core i9-7980XE Intel 18C/36T ASUS AMD Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts AMD Radeon RX series cards are hard to buy right now New iPhone 8 rumors leak from trusted source Huawei to unveil the Honor 9 on June 12 ASRock delivers with an X299 mITX motherboard GDDR6 arrives in early 2018, GDDR5X hits 16GbpsView More News Posts Forum Activity Z97 Extreme won't go past BIOS - dead mobo?? i have a very problem,help please ASRock C2550D41 Stuck Booting Up Amped Wireless Helios-EX AC2200 Range Extender Review z68x-ud3-b3 REVIVED? Backwards flashed, do I mod it?View More Forum Posts Press Releases LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i Award Next generation 3D NAND propels PCIe SSD adoption Tegila expands lifetime storage program, unveils controller-only refresh optionView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Carscoops Your daily scoop in automotive news About Contact RSS Mobile Social Media HOME NEW CARS SPIED CONCEPTS FUTURE CARS VIDEO GAMES OFFBEAT BRANDS TUNING REVIEWS Visual Comparisons Carscoops.com Intel CEO Says Self-Driving Cars Could Double As Security Cameras | By Brad Anderson | ShareRedditPinTweetPlus The chief executive of Intel says self-driving cars won’t just improve vehicular safety but could also have other benefits, including doubling as security cameras. Speaking on the sidelines of the Code Conference in California, Brian Krzanich told CNBC that self-driving cars will easily be able to read license plates and other details. “I always say that the cars are going to be out there looking, so the next time an Amber alert comes up and they're looking for a license plate, the cars should be able to find that license plate quite rapidly. “We'll have to put limitations on it. We'll have to encrypt that data and make sure I can't tell that it's John's [car] necessarily,” he said while addressing public security concerns. During his interview, Krzanich also revealed that following an extensive study by Intel, the data company learnt that driverless cars will result in huge productivity gains for society, stating that even if 25 per cent of the vehicles on the road are autonomous, traffic congestion will be reduced significantly. Note: BMW and Intel autonomous 7-Series pictured PHOTO GALLERY CategoriesAutonomousReportsTech Recommended ❬❬ Prev Next ❭❭ Home Featured New Fiat Argo Hatch For Brazil Jay Leno Welcomes Police Interceptor Utility To Garage Trending Now Future Cars: 2018 Honda Accord Goes From Placid to Playful The generic mid-size sedan is not exactly the stuff of bedroom posters, but they’ve been a hit with buyers for decades. Times are changing ... https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-OAljKULfJP8/WTKlUfNQ3LI/AAAAAAASdOg/-V9hT2FxRIQQuwXNB5v_YW4CAiYEAh58wCLcB/s72-c/2018-Honda-Accord-Carscoops-2.jpg Exclusive: New 2018 Hyundai Kona Captured Completely Undisguised While Hyundai keeps teasing the official reveal of the upcoming Kona, the world has already caught a glimpse in early May , and this exclus... https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-QQTSnSJzu2w/WSxG5KY5NaI/AAAAAAASdHg/xgABcELlUEcRsk4UW-bUpTBrSvX4gMFnACLcB/s72-c/New-Hyundai-Kona-255.jpg Hot Scoop: 2019 Audi A7 Prototype Goes Up In Flames During Testing Audi’s engineers were testing a prototype of the 2019 A7 in the Austrian Alps, when suddenly the car caught fire in front of our spy’s cam... https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-jzN-zDBB0go/WTFvjtVq43I/AAAAAAAA1j0/seIYXAA0DOoAAVvvCtPF1LUePqpzEnynACLcB/s72-c/open.jpg New Fiat Argo Officially Launched In Brazil [35 Pics + Video] Fiat is launching the new Argo in the Brazilian market, revealing the range details of the Punto and Palio successor. https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-XB-jfiGZQnA/WTFX5EJFYhI/AAAAAAAA1h8/fljdyEMYWRs40oRs28hmEaueCd2ZkXZ2QCLcB/s72-c/OPEN.jpg About Us | Contact | Work | Privacy Policy © 2004-2017 Carscoop & Carscoops. All Rights Reserved
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AR/VR Why Daqri has spread its bets with augmented reality technology Dean Takahashi@deantak June 3, 2017 8:02 AM Above: Daqri's smart helmet. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Brian Mullins, CEO of Daqri, has been obsessed with augmented reality technology for many years. And now AR has finally grown up. We could see that at Augmented World Expo this week in Santa Clara, Calif., where all the major tech companies — Google, Intel, Qualcomm, Microsoft — and many others had augmented reality technology on display. The event drew more than 4,700 people, compared to 3,850 a year ago and just 200 about seven years ago. It also drew 212 companies, compared to 120 last year. Daqri showed its smart AR helmet for bikers, a heads-up display for cars, and its own pair of smart glasses for enterprises. I met with Mullins there to talk about how far the tech has come and how far it may have to go. We talked about the company’s smart helmet, its heads-up display for cars, and why it hired Seamus Blackley, co-creator of the Xbox, and acquired Blackley’s research lab to commercialize an interesting new 3D printing technology dubbed “software defined light.” Mullins is intrigued about what Apple might announce in AR and how the technology could fundamentally change how we interact with the real world. “We spent a lot of time talking about what it could do, showing what it could do. Now, okay, how do we get it in everyone’s hands? How do we scale it?” he said. Here’s an edited transcript of our interview. Above: Brian Mullins, CEO of augmented reality helmet maker Daqri. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi VB: You’ve watched the space develop for a long time and seen progress. How do you feel about the pace of change and how the tech is catching up with what everybody wants? Mullins: It’s the seventh year I’ve come to the show. To see it grow up from a couple hundred people to today — all the main players, not just in AR, but in technology are represented. The discussion is going beyond “What could it do?” and “When will it be valuable?” to “We’ve proven that this helps workers learn faster, retain more, reduce costs. We can demonstrate the ROI. How are we going to deploy it at scale? How do we connect it to the IT organization?” Everything from device management software to creative workflows with products like CAD systems…how are these customers going to buy thousands of units? How do we fulfill that? All the questions an industry needs to address in order to turn the corner and ramp and address demand. That’s the phase AR is in right now. We spent a lot of time talking about what it could do, showing what it could do. Now, okay, how do we get it in everyone’s hands? How do we scale it? Some of that is — we can’t expect enterprise customers to look at AR and say, “I’ll adapt my business to this.” We have to adapt the way we sell AR and make products to those enterprises, to what they need to deploy for their workforces. It’s an exciting shift to see the conversations change, to see the players here. Our partnership with Dell — that’ll open us up to a large channel of people who have historically been interested in AR and now have a way to buy it and roll it out. VB: How did you approach separating out what’s cool about AR and what actually helps people solve a problem? Mullins: When you have something that’s cool and could solve a lot of problems, you run the risk of making something that excites people but doesn’t really have a use. There’s a lot to learn there about focusing on a minimum viable product or minimum viable platform that could create AR products that pay for themselves, that meet ROI needs and can be used for other things as well. It turns out that the advantage is it works well to help people learn things. You can learn faster than with any other form of training. This is proven in independent studies. Just having it isn’t enough. You have to wrap it in a solution. You have to connect it with things like 360 from Autodesk or Teamcenter from Siemens, so these content workflows that our customers have invested in are available in the AR right away. We’ve been able to make those connections and deliver a product that can create the ROI today. It’s like looking at the screen on an early iPhone. Today you look at an iPhone and think, “That’s what a smartphone should be.” But if Apple waited to make that, it would have been a waste. You could make the industry out of the first iPhone and let it grow up. That’s where AR is today. Some people think they have to wait until the end state, but it’s ready today to solve problems and create value. Let’s get it in customers’ hands and iterate on future versions and continue to evolve the product. Above: Daqri is creating augmented reality headsets and helmets. Image Credit: Daqri VB: We had a panel of AR creators at our GamesBeat summit talking about all the different futures they foresee. What do you see in the future around things like displays? John Underkoffler’s company is making use of very big displays. Some people say that displays will go away entirely with good enough images on a pair of glasses. Mullins: Certain types of displays you don’t need, but experiences will change to support it. Mimicking a display in AR will probably never be as good as a physical display. However, the benefit of it being virtualized could outweigh that, and the perceptible differences can be smoothed out. The question is, if I can have anything I want in real space, would I want it to look like a display, or do I change it completely into something more intuitive? Do I have a screen with an email icon and a little notification on it, or do I have a 3D model of a piece of mail sitting in front of me? I can physically intuit certain things by seeing a 3D model. We won’t necessarily virtualize every screen, but it’ll affect where we need them. You’ll see new types of display technologies that are embedded. You’ll be able to interact with them seamlessly. You won’t always have a pair of AR glasses on. You get in the car and take them off, the car picks up. When I go home and settle in my living room, maybe there’s a different type of retinal projector installed there that makes it so I don’t need glasses or a physical screen to have an AR experience. That’s down the road, but it’s important to think about those modalities if you’re talking about a post-screen world. VB: Intel was talking about how we’ll have a passenger economy arrive once we have self-driving cars. It’s another opportunity for displays. Mullins: Absolutely. For a pretty good percentage of the population, when you look down at a screen while you’re in a car you get sick. One of the only ways to remove that sensation is to use AR in the car, so the screens are there but the content registers to the real world. Your sense of balance can interact with this content out there and not cause motion sickness. That’s where AR is going to bridge the gap in situations like that. You look at the HUD in a car today, the opportunity of putting content on windscreens or side windows, and then you think about when this car drives itself. The average American commuter spends 43 minutes on the road every day. That’s a valuable amount of time to interact with technology. Above: Daqri’s helmet Image Credit: Daqri VB: If you’re not driving, maybe you want to spend even longer in the car. Mullins: Maybe. If you’re getting work done or enjoying interactive time, maybe you don’t have to think about living 20 minutes from the office. Maybe it opens up new places to live. If the freeways are less crowded because the cars are better at balancing the traffic, maybe we redesign how we build certain cities. VB: What do you think of where everyone else is in the AR industry, how much progress is being made? Mullins: We’re excited about our smart product line: the smart helmet for industrial field workers and the smart glasses for enterprise workers and the smart HUD in cars. It’s opening up to a larger market. The show floor isn’t open yet, but it’s always a great side-by-side to see all the devices and try them on. We’re learning a lot. The industry is learning a lot — what you need, what the important specs are. It’s about experience. Translating from old displays and other methodologies hasn’t always worked right. Everyone is driving toward a more vertical field of view, but the real question is, what’s the field of view that’s not distorted? The distortion creeps up very quickly in different types of displays. If you have that, it’s not useful. Just having wider fields of view isn’t necessarily the goal. You need to focus on distortion and contrast and visibility in sunlight so you can use it anywhere. We’re starting to adopt ways of talking about things and designing products to make sure they’re valuable to customers. But there’s a long way to go. VB: Do you hope Apple can impact the industry in a good way? Mullins: I’m hoping all the major mobile platforms will have a positive impact. We play in an enterprise space. We don’t think AR is one size fits all. A lot of the environments and customer needs are always going to require specialization to address them. It’s a long time before you see a mass adoption of a consumer product at a price point that does what people need it to do. But you look beyond that — at what point is it also so good that you can take it to work? You’re talking about a 10-year proposition there, much like the way mobile phones grew up. They started as briefcases and bricks. They went into your car, and your car phone was amortized over the life of the vehicle. Ultimately, that built an infrastructure and people started to get personal phones. Then we had the smartphone and now everybody’s got one, but it took decades. It felt like overnight everybody had a smartphone, but no. It’s not going away overnight either. It won’t be replaced right away by a pair of glasses. The promises being made by some companies going after the consumer space won’t be realized at the price points. If you look at the VR industry, they’re setting a very high bar for content. That’s good for the industry in general, but it makes it a moving target to some extent. As you start to see triple-A game titles roll out in VR — one or two this year, and more next year — that’s going to drive more adoption. VR will become more comfortable and consumers will have expectations of it. That’ll inform what consumer AR becomes. You’ll finally get to the devices consumers need over the next three to five years. Then you have to drive adoption on top of that. It’s exciting, but it’s a long road ahead. Above: Daqri is also working on augmented reality heads-up displays for cars. Image Credit: Daqri VB: Are you interested in some of the talks coming up here? The Vuforia guys had something interesting on Project Chalk, annotating things in AR. Mullins: With AR and computer vision, a lot of these things are going to start to become native. You asked me about what Apple will do for AR. It’ll build in computer vision and additional sensors directly into the hardware. To access AR, it’ll be natively in the Apple tools. It’ll be done partially in hardware, so it’ll be better than third-party software running on an iPhone. That’ll change the developer ecosystem quite a bit. You won’t necessarily need to go through a tool like Unity and export through an AR library to iOS or Android or another platform. You’ll go Unity directly to native, whether it’s Tango or something in iOS. It doesn’t necessarily impact on the enterprise the same way, but you’ll start to see where those capabilities are done better in hardware than in software. Then developers won’t necessarily have to use third-party tools to wrap them up. VB: In your long-term, then, you might focus on making sure you can do cool software applications, as opposed to being a hardware company? Mullins: From our perspective, making the helmets and glasses and automotive components — we’re in a different customer base, but we have the same technology road map as someone like an Apple for cell phones, and perhaps someday wearable devices. We’re doing that today, where our computer vision and mapping are all at the hardware level too. You don’t need any third-party wrappers to work on a Daqri platform. That’s important. VB: If the hardware gets produced at some point by all the big companies, though, and they provide a base platform, do you design your products for that platform instead of designing separate pieces of hardware? Mullins: If you look at our automotive customers today, they make the car. They license the technology for the HUD in it. That’s something Daqri does, providing the flexibility to work with customers to get technology in their products. There will be a lot of uses of AR outside of mobile phones and outside of just consumer wearable devices that we see facilitating for people integrating AR into other applications. VB: So the smartphone isn’t the one and only thing that exists in this future. I suppose if you have AR, at some point the smartphone doesn’t need to exist. Mullins: That’s a real question. When you look at historically — Apple enters a space when it’s established. They’ll do what they do. Others will try to get in, but whether a cell phone company can adapt to become an AR company — you saw a lot of players that were established in tech that didn’t necessarily make the leap to mobile. They missed it. The landscape is very different. There will be a lot of uses in enterprise, and a lot of established tech players that make devices — whether it’s phones or computers today — will try to get into the space. But they’ll face the same transition hurdles they faced with getting into smartphones. Some of them did a great job of it and others ended up leaving the space. VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Robocars Could Add $7 Trillion to the Global Economy subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Aarian Marshall. Aarian Marshall Transportation Date of Publication: 06.03.17. 06.03.17 Time of Publication: 8:00 am. 8:00 am Robocars Could Add $7 Trillion to the Global Economy Getty Images Mention autonomous vehicles, and people conjure two visions of the future. The rosy picture features a world in which cars zip around by themselves, allowing commuters to while away their time checking email as they benefit from technology expected to save 600,000 lives by 2045. The dystopian view holds that all those vehicles will put some 5 million truckers, cabbies, and other drivers out of work. The truth, of course, lies somewhere between the two extremes. But however it shakes out, the global economy will see a big boost. Like, a $7 trillion, with a t, boost.  That’s the word from the data crunchers at Intel and the research company Strategy Analytics. The robocar sector could add as much as $2 trillion to the US economy alone by 2050. Granted, much of that money will go to the GMs and Ubers and Googles of the world, and the auto industry could see a seismic shift in where it generates dough. “Over time, service, application and content revenue generated by mobility-as-a-service will supplant the value of vehicle sales as core sources of shareholder value creation,” the report states. Translation: These companies will make big bank moving you and your Amazon purchases around. So what’s the American worker to do? The report outlines adjacent boom industries that will benefit from the coming robocar revolution. Plan on sticking around through the 2030s and beyond? A few hot tips: Become a Data Maven All those cars will generate loads and loads of data about, well, just about everything. Who you are. Where you go. What you do. How often you do it. Coupled with data gleaned from your smartphone, credit cards, and, in a particularly creepy twist, maybe even biometrics, and anyone who wants to can get a highly detailed picture of you. That kind of data is worth a lot, and the consulting company McKinsey predicts the car data industry could be worth as much as $750 million by 2030. Storing, organizing, and analyzing that data will be a big job. Stick With IT The Intel report predicts businesses’ “IT intensity”—that is, how much money they spend on information technology—will almost double. Generally, IT intensity and labor intensity are inversely related: The more cloud services and predicative analytics do the work to store and use information about you and your self-driving vehicle, the fewer actual human workers a company needs. But someone need to tend to these data architecture beasts—not crunching the numbers themselves, but making sure the systems are humming along as they should. Fix All the Cars Robocars won’t need you, but they’ll still need mechanics. That’s true even if, as many analysts predict, fewer people are buying cars. Instead, they’ll rely on on-demand taxi services to ferry them about, which explains why the number of miles people and things travel in vehicles is expected to rise in the autonomous future. The more cars move around, the faster they’ll wear out. Those that aren’t replaced will be repaired, which means lots of jobs for mechanics and others who keep cars motoring along. “This area will require tech training as well as mechanical knowledge but should be a source of new jobs for displaced drivers,” the report notes. Jobs TBD And then there’s the TBD, the jobs that haven’t even been conceived yet. The rise of the automobile helped Americans rethink how to use space—hello, suburbs!—and created new forms of employment, like office park construction workers and pizza delivery drivers. The self-driving automobile could do much of the same. “The $7 trillion figure arguably understates some of this because the really bigger stuff … will come out of this in the longer run,” says Greg Lindsay, a senior fellow at the non-profit New Cities Foundation who studies urban mobility and worked on the report. No one has yet predicated how many jobs the autonomous future will create, and that’s partly because the future is so messy. It may feel early for individuals to prepare for self-driving careers. For governments, it’s not. Mark Zuckerberg launched the latest chatter on a universal basic income; policymakers begin to weigh a robot tax; others envision a massive job retraining program to help those put out of work. Convenient that the country’s current Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao has a background in labor issues—she served as labor secretary under President George W. Bush. A multi-trillion dollar storm could hit the world economy in less than 35 years: Her job now should be to figure out how to create more jobs then. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Self-Driving Cars Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Internet Culture The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Angela Watercutter The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Business The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Nitasha Tiku Welcome to Poppy’s World In Depth Welcome to Poppy’s World Lexi Pandell The Physics of Ramming an Imperial Star Destroyer, Explained Science The Physics of Ramming an Imperial Star Destroyer, Explained Rhett Allain Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet aviation Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet Eric Adams While You Were Offline: Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision Turned Into Quite a ‘Covfefe’ While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision Turned Into Quite a ‘Covfefe’ Graeme McMillan String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Virtual Reality String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Nick Stockton Cosmic Discoveries Fuel a Fight Over the Universe’s Beginnings physics Cosmic Discoveries Fuel a Fight Over the Universe’s Beginnings Ashley Yeager More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Transportation aviation Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet Eric Adams autonomous vehicles Of Course Google’s Waymo Is Building Self-Driving Trucks Jack Stewart physics Cosmic Discoveries Fuel a Fight Over the Universe’s Beginnings Electric Vehicles Even Elon Musk May Not Be Able to Make an Electric Truck Work Eric Adams aviation The Age of Electric Aviation Is Just 30 Years Away Eric Adams Nitasha Tiku Antitrust Watchdogs Eye Big Tech’s Monopoly on Your Data Nitasha Tiku We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Mon 5 Jun companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era #dontlookaway icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Taxes are a 'bloodsucking parasite' on this business International | 3 June 2017, 11:00am Thomas Heath Washington - From the outside, Don Chernoff looks like he has the life. The 57-year-old former Intel engineer lives comfortably in Reston, Virginia, where he runs his one-man luggage company, answers only to himself and pockets a low six-figure income. Tell a friend SkyRoll founder Don Chernoff sits at a baggage claim at Dulles International Airport with one of his creations. Washington Post photo by Salwan Georges It doesn't look so glamorous from where he sits. Chernoff and his 16-year-old luggage firm, called SkyRoll, have weathered two recessions, a retail downturn, occasional problems in his supply chain and an 18 percent import-duty tax (it came to $100 000 last year) that the curmudgeonly businessman really, really dislikes. "It is analogous to having a bloodsucking parasite attached to your body, except it's the federal government and they attach themselves to my wallet," he said. The story of how a materials engineer and inventor ended up selling luggage comes down to a simple motivation: "I wanted to work for myself." His road to self-sufficiency includes educating himself on patent law, joining an inventor group, endless cold-calling of retailers and - the fun part - creating new products. Chernoff asked me to write about the unglamorous side of business ownership after reading my recent column about another entrepreneur who had to unload a big chunk of his stock portfolio at a big loss to keep his family fed during the lean start-up years. "I really hope you can write in more detail about the other issues that make it hard to survive as an entrepreneur," he said. Between recessions and taxes, "sometimes I feel like, no matter what I do, I'm at the mercy of forces beyond my control. No one writes about the unglamorous side." This lone-eagle entrepreneur spends his day at home trying to get the word out about SkyRoll by working social media and talking to journalists like me. He also checks in with his manufacturers and his shipping company to keep tabs on the supply chain. Hard part So what is the hard part? "All of it," he said. "But for me personally, it's sales and marketing. I am not [emphasis his] a sales and marketing type person. [No kidding, I thought.] Then accounting, which I hate." SkyRoll's product line is made up of three polyester-and-nylon luggage pieces, including - in order of sales volume - a cylindrical garment bag that slings over your shoulder ($149), a SkyRoll on two wheels ($249) and something called the Spinner ($299). SkyRoll's "differentiator" is that they are "roll up" bags that allow you to carry suits and dresses without folding them and risking creases. The military tends to be good customers because they need to keep their uniforms sharp. The products are made in Thailand and China and sold through SkyRoll's website, as well as at Men's Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank bricks-and-mortar retail stores. They are also in a Canadian men's store called Moores and some independent Washington-area luggage shops. The retailers account for 75 percent of total sales; the rest is direct to customers through SkyRoll's online site. The luggage is shipped in containers to the Port of Los Angeles, where they are then moved by truck and train to distribution centers or, sometimes, directly to the stores. The cost to ship a 40-foot container from Asia to the United States is around $5 000, not including import duty. SkyRoll's annual revenue drifts between $1 million and $2 million, depending on how many units are sold. A good year will bring 25 000 in sales. A poor year will see that number drop to 10 000. Chernoff prefers online sales because he gets to keep more of the sale price. So Chernoff's bottom-line profit, which he lives on, can run from more than $100 000 to well over $200 000 after subtracting costs for manufacturing, shipping, Web design, accounting and that dreaded import duty. The company has zero debt. Chernoff began his business career at Intel, where he helped make computer chips for $25 000 a year in California. He had just graduated from the University of Florida in 1982 with a materials engineering degree. Speciality He developed a specialty in something called electron microscopes - expensive technology used in industry. Around the mid-1990s, when he was a 30-something, he was on a flight when he saw a fellow passenger trying to jam his garment bag into the overhead compartment by folding it in half. "That just gave me the idea that the shape is wrong," he said. "The solution may be to make something that rolls up." He experimented in his spare time, building prototypes, buying fabric and messing around with different shapes at his Silicon Valley apartment. He took a night class on intellectual property at the University of California at Berkeley, learning enough to file a patent for the SkyRoll. "It was a great introduction to the nuts and bolts about patents, trademarks and copyrights," he said. "It should be a required class for any inventor." He had no idea he wanted to start a luggage company. But he did know he wanted to invent something to turn into a business. SkyRoll founder Don Chernoff stands at Dulles International Airport with one of his creations. Chernoff sells luggage through Jos. A. Bank and Men's Wearhouse stores, as well as online. Washington Post photo by Salwan Georges Patent in hand, he moved to the Washington area to be near his brother. He also wanted to buy a home, which he could not afford in California. He asked a journalist (not this one) for advice on how to meet inventors who have bridged the gap between making a product and selling it. That led to finding a manufacturer who built some SkyRoll prototypes. Resourceful Ever resourceful, he funded the luggage project with the $100 000 or so he made from a sideline selling products for people who work with electron microscopes. "It was basically a salary that let me go and play with ideas," he said. His hope was to license the product with a big luggage company or sell the business altogether and become a full-time inventor. "The world doesn't operate like that," he said. He had to prove that his luggage would actually sell. So he began to hunt for a big retail clothing chain that could sell his products alongside the suits it was meant to carry. Read also: Tax laws are not always 'fair' He made a list of candidates, and Men's Wearhouse was number 1. He called them. He emailed them. He talked to vice presidents. The courtship lasted a year. Finally, the company asked him to send a few dozen. "A few weeks later, they said, 'How soon can you send us a few thousand?' " He knew he had a business in 2004, when he sold 8 000 SkyRolls in stores and on the Web. Sales of SkyRolls mounted, and he was eventually selling more than 20 000 a year. SkyRoll's sales dropped by half last year after bricks-and-mortar retailers had their own mini-recession. Stores closed. One big SkyRoll retail order from Jos. A. Bank was pushed into 2017, also crimping revenue for 2016. Now with the Trump administration's proposal for a border-adjustment tax, Chernoff worries about a new bloodsucker feeding off his business. "Although he will pay more in tax due to the border adjustment, his total import costs will not go up," according to Kyle Pomerleau, director of federal projects at the Tax Foundation, a non-partisan think tank headquartered in Washington. “The value of the U.S. dollar would increase to offset the additional taxes he would have to pay." Chernoff doesn't believe it. "If the BAT is on top of this import duty, as you say, then I might as well just file bankruptcy now and get it over with," Chernoff said. Chernoff said that he has had a few nibbles from would-be acquirers. The key, he said, is to find a partner that can scale his luggage to global distribution, which would shave costs and boost profits. That would make SkyRoll more valuable. "This takes a bit of vision from a CEO at a bigger luggage or consumer products company, something I think is in short supply," he said. "When I find them, the first thing I'll tell them to do is fire me. I shouldn't be running this business." He already has his next project: artificial ivory. That will allow him to do his part to save elephants and get back to his engineering background. That's sure to put a smile on the curmudgeon's face. WASHINGTON POST Tell a friend Most Read 1 Zuma challenged to take legal action over Dubai mansion story 2 Body found on Table Mountain is Charlotte Nikoi: Unicef 3 Raped, then murdered and mutilated 4 Warning over Fidget Spinners that has SA kids spinning 5 'I was there during horrific #LondonAttacks' Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement More signs point to late 2017/early 2018 launch for Intel Gemini Lake chips 06/02/2017 at 11:30 AM by Brad Linder 1 Comment Intel’s “Apollo Lake” line of Celeron and Pentium processors are low-cost, low-power chips that are found in entry-level laptops, convertibles, and small form-factor desktops. Rumor has it that Intel is readying the follow-up to Apollo Lake, codenamed “Gemini Lake,” and now a few more details are emerging. Following last week’s report detailing some Gemini Lake specs, PC Watch has published a product roadmap from computer hardware company ASRock, and journalist Roland Quandt has shared a few details he picked up while covering the Computex Trade Show in Taiwan. PC Watch In a nutshell, it sounds like Gemini Lake is set to ship in December, 2017 although that doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll be able to buy computers powered by the chips right away. ASRock’s roadmap shows that the company is already developing at least one Gemini Lake mini-ITX (170mm x 170mm) motherboard, but it’s not expected to ship until 2018. The company also has a few other Gemini Lake products that are still in the planning stage, including a Pico-ITX (100mm x 72mm) board, a PC-Q7 ITX (70mm x 70mm) board and a COM Express Type 6 computer-on-a-module product. ASRock also plans to build an Intel NUC-like (104mm x 102mm) device with a Gemini Lake processor. For the most part the upcoming Gemini Lake chips will likely be a lot like today’s Apollo Lake variants. They’re expected to be based on a new version of the Goldmont chip architecture called Goldmont Plus, and they’ll support HDMI 2.0 and feature 4MB of cache, up from HDMI 1.4b and 2MB cache. Intel’s expected to offer 6 watt and 10 watt models in dual-core and quad-core variants, and they’re all expected to feature Intel Gen9 graphics. Unless the chip maker boosts the clock speeds significantly in the new models, I would only expect to see a modest performance boost. But later in 2018 Intel plans to launch its first Mercury Lack chips built on a 10nm process. That should bring larger performance and efficiency improvements. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 1 Comment on "More signs point to late 2017/early 2018 launch for Intel Gemini Lake chips" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest riddick Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I find it interesting that mini-itx has all chipsets supported. Personally I prefer mini-itx as I only use the graphics card and m.2 slots. My Lian-li aluminum mini-itx tower has been working great for years. Full size ATX power supply. I don’t think I will ever buy a new case. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 2 days 10 hours ago Latest News Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Gigabyte's BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren't much … [Read More...] MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop … [Read More...] Compulab’s tiny UCM-iMX7 compute module bends over backward to stay small Compulab makes a line of tiny desktop computers that it sells under the … [Read More...] Popular articles MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake Zotac PI225: A fanless desktop PC that's smaller than a 2.5 inch hard drive Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Deals Deals of the Day (6-02-2017) There was a time when Amazon's Echo devices were the only game in town when it … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
JWC Media Explore more of our great network. Explore more sites. DailyNorthShore Evanston Magazine Country Magazine Forest Bluff Magazine Hinsdale Living Magazine Sheridan Road Magazine Top Ad Your Town Deerfield Glencoe Glenview Highland Park Kenilworth Lake Forest & Lake Bluff Northbrook Northfield Wilmette Winnetka News Schools Police & Fire Obituaries All Stories Features People Sunday Breakfast North Shore Foodie Cartoons All Features Social & Calendar Social Calendar Submit Event Comments & Opinions Comments policy Comments Opinion Sports Sports Features Scoreboard Watching Sports Recaps Sportsfolio Inside The Press Box Youth Sports All Sports Real Estate & Open Houses Real Estate Open Houses North Shore Weekend Hey! Sign up for the Daily North Shore Email Weaver has dream game in state semifinal by Kevin Reiterman • June 2, 2017 Leave a Comment Freshman Emma Weaver, seen here in earlier postseason play, scored both of New Trier’s goals in its 2-1 overtime victory over Collinsville in a state semifinal game on June 2 at the North Central College. PHOTOGRAPHY BY GEORGE PFOERTNER Getting good Intel, in this age of the Internet, is pretty easy. Prior to the Class 3A state semifinal game, New Trier star defender Sam Urban said the team read an interesting quote in an online story previewing the big girls soccer showdown between the Trevians and the Kahoks of Collinsville. “It said that we didn’t have a prominent goal-scorer like we did last year … ,” said Urban. Not a cut down. Not really bulletin-board material (the article went on to praise the New Trier program). And, just maybe … not the truth. Following NT’s 2-1 overtime victory over the Downstate powerhouse on June 2 at North Central College in Naperville, a case could be made for Emma Weaver. The freshman looked pretty “prominent”. Pretty “prolific”. The highly touted Weaver had a dream game. In scoring both of her team’s goals, she looked very Kelly Maday-ish. “She’s our secret weapon — but not really,” said Urban, with a smile. No one associated with the New Trier program is surprised by what Weaver did on the steaming hot turf at North Central’s Benedetti-Wehrli Stadium. Everyone knew Weaver, who now has 14 goals and six assists on the season, was a special talent. She came to the Trevians after being a top age-group club player with Eclipse. “She came up big time on the big stage tonight,” said New Trier head coach Jim Burnside, who watched his Trevians improve to 24-2-1 “What she did tonight is the stuff she does.” “Under the pressure and all, she performed extremely well,” added NT junior defender Sydney Parker. “She’s just a freshman. But she’s an experienced player. She knows how to play the game.” Weaver’s first score came in the 18th minute, when she gathered in a long feed from Urban on the left side, made a sharp cut to the inside, broke free and blasted in a shot from the top of the box. “What she did, dribbling across the field, is very difficult to defend,” said Urban, who was credited with an assist on goal No. 1. Weaver’s overtime goal, in the 82nd minute, was virtually a carbon copy. Lined up on the left side, Weaver took possession near the 30-yard line, shook free on a cutback route and hammered in a shot that nicked the glove of Collinsville goalkeeper Morgan Lerch. “I went across the defense,” said Weaver, sister of former NT standout Jess Weaver who went to play at DePaul University. “I like doing that. It messes up their dynamic. “And I love taking people one-on-one,” she added. Ten minutes after the game, Weaver was triple- and quadruple-teamed by sportswriters. She handled that just as flawlessly. “To be able to put two in the back of the net and walk off the field with a win is just amazing. It’s unreal,” said Weaver. “It’s an honor to play and contribute for a team like ours. We have so many great players on this team.” Much like Maday, a star scorer for the Trevians who is now playing Division I soccer at the University of Illinois, Weaver has the ability to strike at any time, at any place. Burnside, who has guided New Trier to 27 straight postseason wins, made a subtle, yet strategic move in overtime. After playing on the left side in the first half and switching to the right side in the second half, Weaver went back to the left side in the extra session. “We’re just trying to find open seams for her,” said Burnside. “Trying to get her lost. If she moves around, it becomes a little tougher for the defense. You can soften up a good team by putting your skilled players in different spots.” “I go wherever coach tells me to go,” said Weaver, who will play for FC United instead of the Eclipse in the upcoming club season. The Trevians once again received stellar defense up and down their lineup with defenders Parker, Urban, Megan Murdoch and Caroline Iserloth; midfielders Hope Baisley, Avery Schuldt and Lily Conley; and goalie Katy Symanietz. They allowed their first goal in four games, when Collinsville’s Dayle McEwen slipped in a goal off Andrea Frerker’s corner kick in the 29th minute of the game. Symanietz ended up with five saves, including a couple of real dandies. Lerch made seven stops. New Trier, which has won three Class 3A state titles in a row, will face Barrington in the title game on June 3 at 7 p.m. The Fillies, who beat NT 1-0 during the regular season, edged Downers Grove North 1-0 in Friday night’s other state semifinal. “We need to come out a little stronger tomorrow night,” said Urban. “We need a better mentality. “Four-peat sounds a lot better than three-peat,” she added.   « Previous Post Next Post » Mobile ad container – below post Today’s top Stories Family Fun at Food... Written by Julie Kemp Pick June 04 2017 HIGHLAND PARK – People were too busy enjoying the music and beautiful surroundings to mind the long lines at the… Read More Successful Launch for Weather... Written by Emily Spectre June 04 2017 NORTHFIELD – Good weather over Memorial Day weekend kept the students from Sunset Ridge School on track with their weather… Read More Mobile Ads Second Recently Added Family Fun at... by Julie Kemp Pick June 04 2017 HIGHLAND PARK – People were too… Read More Successful Launch for... by Emily Spectre June 04 2017 NORTHFIELD – Good weather over Memorial… Read More ‘Uber for Jobs’... by Libby Elliott June 04 2017 An ambitious team of Glenbrook North… Read More North Shore Chamber... by Libby Elliott June 04 2017 Highland Park may host the star-studded… Read More Police Departments Attack... by Steve Sadin June 04 2017 North Shore police departments hope increased enforcement… Read More Save the Date:... by DNS Contributor June 04 2017 The Scleroderma Foundation of Greater Chicago… Read More Mobile Ads Third Recent Comments Students' Weather Balloon Aims for Space (1) By Gail BelianThank you Emily, I am so glad that you had a chance to interview the students & Bill. If you would like additional information from the successful launch over the weekend, please contact Bill Hayes. Read More Older » Mobile Ads Fourth Category ads Post Ads Post a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Daily North Shore encourages comments, but we have specific guidelines that you can find here. A general principle is: Do not state anything in a comment that you would not say in public and do not state anything about another person that you would not say to his or her face. Name * Email * Website Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: 1abcab0062a8bb2d9973042c403a5447 Post comment mobile ad section Footer One About Advertise Contact Us Footer Two Send News Send Opinion Social Follow Us Copyright © 2016. All Rights reserved.
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad RIP File History File History may be going away with the Fall Creators Update Swipe away Wordflow is coming to Windows 10 PCs and tablets Windows 10 tip Disabling Fast User Switching on Windows 10 LIVE PODCAST Join us LIVE for the Windows Central Video Podcast today at 2:30PM ET Making hardware invisible Windows 10 on ARM is NOT Windows RT all over again < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Bang for your buck Best Cheap Windows 10 Tablets By Richard Devine Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 2:00 pm EDT You don't have to spend a lot to get a great Windows 10 tablet. It used to be that a good Windows 10 device cost an arm and a leg, and the cheap ones were rubbish. But that's the past. Today there are plenty of affordable, quality Windows 10 tablets to choose from, so picking the best one for you is more difficult than ever before. Be it a small tablet to toss in your bag or a big one to replace your aging laptop, you don't have to spend a ton to get what you need. There are some pricey options that aren't worth your money, so we rounded up the best affordable Windows 10 tablets. All of them are worthy of your attention. Updated June 1, 2017: We removed a couple of older tablets that are no longer on sale and replaced them with some excellent new choices from Chuwi and Fusion 5. Chuwi Hi10 Plus Chinese brand Chuwi is doing some great work in providing affordable, yet good quality Windows 10 products. The Hi10 Plus is a 10.8-inch tablet with a full HD IPS display powered by an Intel Atom x5 processor. Add to that 64GB of storage and 4GB of RAM and you've got a fair amount of power for $200. You even get USB-C. You also get a dual-boot option for Android, if that sort of thing appeals to you. See at Amazon Chuwi Hi8 Pro If you're prepared to take a risk on a product from a brand about which you've no idea on reputation or customer service, you might actually be surprised. And that's not only because the Hi8 Pro boots into both Android and Windows. It's packing a 1920 x 1200 resolution display, USB-C and an Intel x5 processor for little more than $100. That is crazy value. You can get an official, optional keyboard case, but you can also do better by finding your own. If you're chasing a bang-for-your-buck tablet, the Hi8 Pro should place high up on that list. See at Amazon Lenovo Miix 310 This tablet has 64GB of storage, optional LTE, a great keyboard and excellent battery life. Lenovo's Miix 310 may look a little plain but it delivers where it counts. You also get the benefit of a 10-inch display, which means it's plenty possible to actually use the Miix 310 to get some light work done. The display is 1280 x 800 resolution, which isn't the highest, but given the price point it's about right. And the quad-core Atom processor and 2GB of RAM should lead to a fairly smooth Windows 10 experience. The 33Wh battery supposedly gets up to 10 hours of life, and even though it's pretty slim and compact, there's a Micro-HDMI output to plug into a bigger display. You get that all for around $200. See at Amazon NuVision 8-inch You may not get the same build quality here as with a Lenovo, Dell or HP tablet, but what you do get is an incredible price for the hardware. For under $100, you get an Intel Atom x5 processor, 2GB of RAM, 32GB of storage and an 8-inch, 1920 x 1200 resolution display. Throw in a microSD card slot, around six hours of battery life and something that weighs not much more than half a pound, and you have a great, inexpensive Windows 10 tablet to throw in your bag and take anywhere you go. See at Amazon Fusion 5 10-inch This 10-inch tablet from Fusion 5 costs less than $200 and is powered by a quad-core Intel Atom processor. It's not the greatest looking device out there, but with 32GB of storage, 2GB of RAM and plenty of ports to connect things, as well as HDMI out, you've got a sleek, lightweight little PC for not a lot of cash. See at Amazon 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 2h 8m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 2h 17m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 2h 18m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 3h 18m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 4h 36m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 4h 37m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 5h 8m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 5h 29m ago view all   House Intel chair made requests to unmask Americans: report By John Bowden - 06/02/17 08:32 PM EDT 1,267   © Getty The House Intelligence Committee led by Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) engaged in "unmasking" requests similar to those Nunes has since characterized as an abuse of power, The Washington Post reported Friday. Late last year, Nunes' panel asked U.S. spy agencies to unmask or reveal the names of Americans in classified intelligence reports, according to the Post. A tally by U.S. spy agencies found the panel made five to six requests pertaining to U.S. organizations or individuals related to the campaigns of President Trump and Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonFive things lawmakers want to know from Comey Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave spotlight Huckabee: 'Hillary needs to get over herself' MORE. In May, Nunes said he was "very concerned" about unmasking requests by the Obama administration, and called for "major changes" to federal law guiding who can unmask U.S. citizens. Nunes' recused himself in early April from the House investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 presidential election amid a House ethics probe into whether he divulged classified information. Despite that, he has continued working on the investigation into unmasking attempts by Rice and other Obama White House officials. This week, Nunes served subpoenas to the CIA, FBI and NSA over unmasking requests by Obama administration officials including former national security adviser Susan Rice, CIA Director John Brennan and United Nations Ambassador Samantha PowerSamantha PowerGlobe heaps scorn on Trump for Paris exit House Intel chair made requests to unmask Americans: report Seven subpoenas issued in House Russia probe MORE.  Nunes has said he's "very concerned" about accusations that Rice asked for the identities of certain U.S. citizens incidentally surveilled by intelligence agencies to be "unmasked" in reports delivered to her. Rice characterizes these requests as “not uncommon” and “absolutely not for any political purpose, to spy, expose, anything." House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) has called Nunes' continued work on the probe "beneath the dignity" of his position as chair of the House Intelligence Committee.  “If he recused himself on subject Russia, then he shouldn't be having access to documents relating to subject Russia," Pelosi said Friday. Tags Hillary Clinton Samantha Power Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections Susan Rice Barack Obama Nancy Pelosi Presidency of Barack Obama   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 1,249 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 792 Shares 3 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 369 Shares 4 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 335 Shares 5 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 294 Shares 6 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 242 Shares 7 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 186 Shares 8 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 174 Shares 9 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 174 Shares 10 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 139 Shares 11 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 125 Shares 12 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 104 Shares 13 Trump reignites debate over travel... President Trump this weekend reignited the debate over his travel ban... 91 Shares 14 London mayor: I have more... London mayor Sadiq Khan's spokesperson responded to criticism from... 73 Shares 15 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 69 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications | Main June 04, 2017 While the State of VR Headsets is at a crawl today, the Market is set to Explode with Vitality later this Year   On Monday morning Apple is likely to show off their new Siri home device during their WWDC keynote. Amazon and Google got the leap on Apple and tomorrow we're likely to see Apple's version revealed. Another device segment that Apple is behind in at the moment, at least on paper, is VR headsets. Worldwide shipments of Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR) headsets for Q1 2017 were dominated by Sony, Samsung, HTC, Facebook and TCL.  With Apple absent, are they in danger of losing this race? Of course not.      At present the volume of such devices is anemic and that's being polite. For all of Q1, the total units sold worldwide was 2.280 million. It's like another Apple TV hobby market. Not that it'll stay at those levels for long, but for now, Apple has time to set their headset roadmap right before launching such a device.   Apple keeps adding top level talent like Jeff Noris that lead the Mission Operations team at NASA that worked with various VR headsets. Other top level hires have been working on this project for some time now (one and two). Of course Apple could always join the me-too crowd by introducing a dumb screenless viewer iPhone accessory, but it would seem by the talent that they're bringing onboard this project, that Apple has their eye on the prize at the higher end of the market as any Apple shareholder would expect from Apple. There's no money in cheap screenless viewer devices.    The VR Market is set to Explode in Q4   With a long list of new products scheduled to ship in the second half of 2017, IDC is forecasting triple-digit growth for the full year.   Patently Mobile posted a detailed patent report earlier today regarding a Samsung patent application published by the U.S. Patent Office this week that shows us some of the newest ideas that Samsung is contemplating for a future headset. You could check out our full patent report here. The report also points to new headsets coming by HTC and Lenovo that will support a new technology called 'WorldSense.' The technology covers motion controlling game play and beyond.   In addition, we learned at Computex 2017, Microsoft announced that HP, Dell, Asus and Acer will be supporting Microsoft's Mixed Reality headset platform for Christmas and Microsoft introduced new headset hand controllers at that show. So as IDC reports, there's a long list of new VR headsets coming to market by year's end.   IDC's report further noted that "VR represented the vast majority (more than 98%) of headsets shipped during the first quarter. Within VR, about two-thirds of all headset shipments were screenless viewers, such as Samsung's Gear VR and Google's Daydream View.   Meanwhile, tethered VR headsets, such as the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, and Sony's PSVR, accounted for one third of the market."   "The VR market is still very young and consumers seem to be taking a cautious approach," said Jitesh Ubrani senior research analyst for IDC's Mobile Device Trackers. "With plenty of headset options already in the market and even more coming soon, hardware isn't the issue. The bigger challenge is the slow growth in content that appeals to a mass audience, combined with the confusion associated with a lack of cross-platform support."   AR headsets saw year-over-year shipment growth of 77.4% as new products began shipping and existing headsets expanded distribution to additional countries. "It's very early days in terms of augmented reality headsets, with the vast majority of products shipping into the market focused on getting hardware into the hands of developers," said Tom Mainelli, vice president of Devices and AR/VR at IDC.   AR may Launch on Android and iPhone in Q4   Mainelli added in the report that "Meanwhile, we expect most consumers to experience their first taste of augmented reality through the cameras and screens of their existing mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets."   It's been rumored that Apple may introduce some form of Augmented Reality with their iPhone 8 or iPhone X. Whether it'll be a feature akin to Google's upcoming Google lens is unknown at this time. However, I think that it's highly likely that it could be as a follow-up to Apple's dual lens feature on the iPhone 7 Plus called portrait.   It's in the camera UI where Apple could add an AR button for photography that will not only take the photo but also add the names of buildings on a photo when on holidays or add information about a piece of art when visiting a museum.   This is where Apple could slowly introduce Augmented Reality into the mainstream before leaping to a full blown headset. Apple was recently granted a patent on this feature and Apple's acquisition of Metaio puts them in a great position to deliver top quality AR experiences on future iDevices.    IDC's Q1 2017 VR Headset Statistical Chart   While Samsung shot for cheap volume shipments of screenless viewers to look like the market's leader, it's once again smoke and mirrors. Sony which is shown to be solidly in second position actually sells their headsets whereas Samsung had been giving away tons of their headset as seen here and here. Once again fake leadership from Samsung.   For more details about VR-AR Headset shipment stats for Q1 2017, see the full IDC report here.   Cordless VR Headsets on the Way   One of the big things coming to the VR Market segment in the second half of 2017 is Wireless headsets.The big buzz out of Computex for VR was Wireless headsets using WiGig technology.   During Intel's keynote on the first day of the show, Gregory M. Bryant, senior vice president and general manager of the Client Computing Group at Intel, announced that VR was going wireless, with Intel partnering with HTC to create a VR accessory that utilizes WiGig technology to allows HTC Vive customers to get quality VR experiences without the wires.   Canada-based 60GHz WiGig (IEEE 802.11ad) wireless IC solution developer Peraso Technologies has been cooperating with many VR hardware makers to develop WiGig wireless VR devices including head-mounted displays, as well as WiGig-enabled games consoles, gaming PCs and notebooks, and USB Dongles. Devices will launch at the end of the third quarter or the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2017, according to company sales vice president John Tryhub. You could check out Peraso here for their new WiGig solutions and network products here.   The excitement and buzz generated at Computex was like the Wild West Gold-rush. New standards, new chips, new technologies were abundant as the VR revolution is trying to find winning technologies to catapult this new sector to being a major device category.   Yet like the gaming industry of late, consumers are losing interest as new consoles come out that are expensive and there's only a handful of decent games each year, with more than 60% being repetitive sequels. When the gaming rental business was alive and well with Blockbuster still in the market, consumers were able to experiment with new kinds of games and different titles because for $9 a weekend, how can you go wrong? With video games going for $75 a pop and higher with no rentals of top games, I find myself playing two or three games a year at tops.   At the moment VR headsets don't have great content and it'll likely be expensive when it arrives. The good news is that VR headsets are going to cover a massive range of content over time from 360-degree films to advanced games, to exciting VR movies to the medical field, to architectural firms, to real-estate agents, to new cars, infinitum.   With the high-end talent that Apple has brought onboard and technologies that they've been acquiring over the years from companies like PrimeSense, we know that Apple is going to raise the bar when it comes to Augmented Reality as well as VR when they pull the trigger.   The current stats from IDC don't really reflect the activity behind the scenes in this emerging sector that will be massive when it finally arrives. And the dumbed down screenless viewers that dominate the market thus far will be in the dust bin of history with a year or two.   Tomorrow we're likely to hear about Apple's new Siri device and it's going to be exciting to see unfold. But for Apple fans, there's a lot more to look forward to as we know that Apple's headset project well underway if not close to completion.   In 2007 the iPhone burst onto the scene exciting the market and that was quickly followed by the iPad. Now the market is getting ready for the next decade with new devices relating to AI and Augmented/Mixed Reality on the way in the not-too-distant future. It's going to be a very exciting time ahead and we can't wait to see what Apple has in store for us, starting tomorrow.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 04, 2017 at 04:59 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Intel predicts $7 trillion driverless economy News, 05 June 2017 Topics Tech-driven innovation Automotive industry (general) SANTA CLARA, CA: Driverless cars and smart city technologies will enable a new "Passenger Economy" to evolve, which is expected to be worth $7tr by 2050. That is the conclusion of a new study from tech company Intel, which is investing heavily in the field of autonomous vehicles and worked with research firm Strategy Analytics to examine future trends. According to the analysis, new driverless capabilities and other technologies will gradually reconfigure entire industries and invent new ones thanks to the time they will save people. With autonomously operated vehicle commercialisation expected to really take off by 2040, the study predicts the economic potential eventually to be worth $7tr by 2050 from just $800bn in 2035. More than half (55%) of the total, or $3.7tr, is expected to come from consumer use of mobility as a service, with another $3tr (43%) generated from business use of mobility as a service. A further $200bn is expected to be generated from rising consumer use of new innovative applications and services that will emerge as pilotless vehicle services expand and evolve. And quite apart from the huge sums involved, other benefits include the freeing up of more than 250m hours of people's commuting time per year in the most congested cities in the world. In addition, an estimated 585,000 lives could be saved from 2035 to 2045 while £234bn could be saved in public safety costs associated with traffic accidents over the same decade. Commenting on the findings, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, said: "Companies should start thinking about their autonomous strategy now. Less than a decade ago, no one was talking about the potential of a soon-to-emerge app or sharing economy because no one saw it coming. "This is why we started the conversation around the Passenger Economy early, to wake people up to the opportunity streams that will emerge when cars become the most powerful mobile data generating devices we use and people swap driving for riding." Data sourced from Intel; additional content by WARC Staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Snapchat raises its profile in Europe News NYT sets up brand content agency in Hong Kong News Retailers must avoid 'spray and pray' marketing News Intel predicts $7 trillion driverless economy News Google Chrome will block annoying ads News Napster, Rakuten team up for Japan music push News Dunkin' Donuts taps the power of emojis News Unilever shows innovation is a team effort View more News and Opinion More from WARC What the future of car marketing looks like IAB & Maru/Matchbox Report: The internet of things Carat's top 10 trends for 2017 Get a demo Topics Tech-driven innovation Automotive industry (general) 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos TheTape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsGPUs to Run 1000 Times Faster by 2025 – Huang GPUs to Run 1000 Times Faster by 2025 – Huang Academics have been suggesting it for some time now. But this is the first time the CEO of a major semiconductor firm has publicly voiced his agreement: Moore's Law is dead. June 4, 2017 WSP The CEO being referred to is NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) co-founder Jensen Huang, and he verbalized his insights on Moore’s Law (and life after it) during the recently concluded Computex 2017 event held in Taipei. Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore, is based on Moore’s observation that because the size of transistors was shrinking so rapidly, the number of transistors that could fit per square inch on integrated circuits seemed to double every year since they were invented. Moore’s prediction is that such trend will continue into the future. And although the pace may have slowed down, the number of transistors that could fit per square inch did continue to increase, doubling not every year but after every 18 months instead. With this exponential growth, computers became twice as powerful, benefiting not just the consumers but the device manufacturers as well. This went on for awhile (as predicted). But logic also dictated that sooner or later, physical limitations were bound to enter the picture, and growth would not just slacken but could possibly stop altogether. Right now, it seems we’re already in that state. As Huang told analysts and reporters at the Computex event: “Microprocessors no longer scale at the level of performance they used to — the end of what you would call Moore’s Law. Semiconductor physics prevents us from taking Dennard scaling any further.” Dennard scaling — named after Robert H. Dennard who co-authored the concept — states that even while transistors become smaller, power density remains constant such that power consumption remains proportional with its area. The combined effects of Moore’s Law and Dennard scaling has affected the semiconductor industry in such a way that only the few who can afford multibillion dollar financing could continue to go forward and push the technology further. And because there aren’t many who fit into this category, mergers and acquisitions will become a necessary solution to keep technology advancement from stagnating. On NVIDIA’s end, Huang assures that their venture into artificial intelligence and deep learning will keep them ahead even with the death of Moore’s Law. And it’s not by making more powerful machines, but by developing smarter machines. That’s not to say, though, that NVIDIA will stop making their GPUs more powerful. On the contrary, as GPUs can now be considered as the core of the AI universe, NVIDIA has recently unveiled a GPU-accelerated cloud platform that’s built specifically to develop deep learning models and algorithms on GPUs. Moore’s Law may be dead. But according to Huang, the performance of GPUs will continue to improve, not through the increased power of transistors, but through new GPU architectures. He also says that by 2025, GPUs will perform 1,000 times better. And that is definitely something to look forward to. Even with the death of Moore’s Law. NVDA Previous article Next article Related Articles News NVIDIA Stock Relentlessly Keeps Powering Ahead (NVDA) November 10, 2016 Avi Eberstein News Notable Upgrades: Tesla Motors (TSLA), Intra-Cellular Therapies (ITCI), Expedia (EXPE), Nvidia (NVDA), Zumiez (ZUMZ) September 17, 2015 WSP News Notable Analyst Calls: NVIDIA (NVDA), Amazon.com (AMZN), OraSure Technologies (OSUR), Penn West Petroleum (PWE) June 13, 2016 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest Space Entrepreneur Believes That Aliens Are Real And Are Living Right Under Our Noses June 4, 2017 GPUs to Run 1000 Times Faster by 2025 – Huang June 4, 2017 Apple’s Other Steve Says Apple Lost Its Mojo, Tesla Is Taking Over (TSLA) June 4, 2017 Coffee Drinkers May Have One Less Type Of Cancer To Worry About June 3, 2017 CRISPR Found To Have A Dangerous Side-Effect: Unwanted Mutations June 3, 2017 Editor’s Picks Earth’s Carbon Dioxide Breaking Dangerous Records April 30, 2017 The Era Of Smartphones Is Ending April 4, 2017 Scientists Identify Key Gene That Controls Brain Aging March 21, 2017 HIV Breakthrough Could Speed Up Cure March 21, 2017 Was Einstein Wrong About Gravity? March 19, 2017 Warning from Experts: Painkillers May Significantly Raise Cardiac Arrest Risk March 19, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics   WASHINGTON, DC - JUNE 3: Rep. Jamie Raskin (D-MD) speaks to demonstrators gathered near the Washington Monument during the "March for Truth" on June 3, 2017 in Washington, D.C. Rallies and marches are taking place across the country to call for urgent investigation into possible Russian interference in the U.S. election and ties to U.S. President Donald Trump and his administration. (Photo by Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images)    Democratic Rep. Calls Trump A ‘Hoax Perpetrated On The Americans By The Russians’ Alex Pfeiffer Reporter 2:11 PM 06/04/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Maryland Democratic Rep. Jamie Raskin said in a speech Saturday that President Donald Trump is a “hoax perpetrated on the Americans by the Russians.” The comment from Raskin came while he spoke at the March for Truth in Washington D.C. Marches were held throughout the country Saturday as protesters called for Congress to establish an independent commission to look into alleged ties between Russia and President Trump. “Trump says climate change is a hoax perpetrated on the Americans by the Chinese,” Raskin said. “Now if you read the intelligence agency report prepared by 17 of our own intelligence agencies, you know the truth: Donald Trump is the hoax perpetrated on the Americans by the Russians.” Raskin was incorrect to say this intelligence report was prepared by “17 of our own intelligence agencies,” as it only represented the views of three agencies. (FACT CHECK: Did 17 Intel Agencies ‘All Agree’ Russia Influenced The Presidential Election?) The Maryland congressman continued to spew falsehoods throughout his speech, such as saying that Russian hackers targeted French president Emmanuel Macron and that longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone “hosted a series on the Russian propaganda network.” Raskin later said in an interview with journalist Max Blumenthal that “we know [former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, and Stone] were all on the Russian payroll.” In response to these claims about him, Stone told The Daily Caller, “Rep. Raskin is a lying cocksucker.” “I have never been ‘on the Russian payroll’ or had any Russian clients. Nor have I ‘hosted a series on the Russian propaganda network,'” Stone said. “I have appeared on RT twice for which I was interviewed and have never been paid. RT was more accurate and less censored than CNN.” The longtime Trump confidant added: “The congressman’s claims are baseless, reckless, and irresponsible and the congressman is a brainless asshole.” The Associated Press has reported that Manafort was paid by a Russian oligarch, but Manafort denied this had to do with representing Russia’s interests. There are also no reports about Page being on the”Russian payroll,” and Raskin’s press secretary did not respond to an inquiry about his claims. After his speech, Raskin was interviewed by journalist Max Blumenthal and was stumped when asked about his falsehoods. Blumenthal informed him that the French government had determined that Russian-backed hackers weren’t behind an email dump targeting Emmanuel Macron and Raskin deflected by saying he hadn’t seen these reports from days before his speech. The congressman then asked the non sequitur, “Do you support an independent commission?” Blumenthal also asked Raskin about his statement that Stone hosted a Russian propaganda series, and the congressman replied: “You can go after any details you want, but I don’t see why it would be in your interest to support an autocratic authoritarian government which is jailing journalists and fighting against freedom around the world.” WATCH: Tags: Jamie Raskin Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Trending Popular Emailed Transgender Athlete Beats Girls But Would’ve Placed Last Against Boys [VIDEO] Saudis Spent $270K At Trump Hotel In Lobbying Campaign Against 9/11 Bill An Inconvenient Review: After 10 Years Al Gore’s Film Is Still Alarmingly Inaccurate Ohio State Swiftly Ends Students’ ‘Occupation’ With Promises Of Arrest, Expulsion [VIDEO] Putin Rips Earpiece Out When Megyn Kelly Asks About Russian Interference In The Election [VIDEO] Obama’s Decisions Doomed The Paris Climate Accord To Failure In The US, Experts Say Fox News’ Chris Wallace Confronts Al Gore With His Failed Global Warming Predictions [VIDEO] An Inconvenient Review: After 10 Years Al Gore’s Film Is Still Alarmingly Inaccurate Two Days Before Terror Attacks, London Mayor Called Global Warming ‘One Of The Biggest Risks To Humanity’ MSNBC Host: Could London Police ‘Overreact’ To Terror? [VIDEO] MSNBC Anchor Wonders If Trump Trying To Provoke A Terror Attack To Prove A Point [VIDEO] Here’s The Man Who Helps High-Profile Conservatives When The Left Attacks [VIDEO] Man Smokes Cannabis Joint, Cuts Off Penis, Stabs Mom Repeatedly CNN Host Who Ate Human Brain Says Trump Is An ‘Embarrassment To Humankind’ Thousands Of Canadian ‘Deplorables’ March To Support Trump And Oppose Trudeau Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
ALL SECTIONS Monday June 5, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Monday June 5, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   NEWS   /   TOP STORIES 27m back to school amid shortages posted June 05, 2017 at 12:01 am by  John Paolo Bencito MORE than 26.9-million kindergarten, elementary and high school students who will troop back to school  today will have to contend with more classroom shortages and a lack of teachers as the nation welcomes its first batch of Grade 12 pupils under its Senior High School program that added two more years to its basic education system.  On the second year of the full implementation of the K-12 program, the enrollment in both public and private schools this incoming school year is projected to reach 26,969,816 students, an 8.2-percent increase from the previous year’s 24.9-million students, data from the Education department showed.  Some two-million students will enter kindergarten while the bulk of the enrollees are in the elementary schools at  14.4 million. Another 7.7-million students are enrolled in junior high school or grades 7 to 10, while 2.8 million are in senior high school including the first batch of Grade 12 learners.  Welcome back.  Kindergarten teacher Maritess Morales writes a welcome message for her students on a blackboard in Rosauro Almario Elementary school in Tondo, Manila a day before public schools open . Norman Cruz  In other developments: • There are no security threats in Metro Manila as thousands of policemen will be deployed in the key areas leading to schools across the country to ensure the safety of some 26.9-million students who will be returning to school today, an official said Sunday.  “Intel from the PNP [Philippine National Police] shows there is no security threat in Metro Manila and the entire National Capital Region,” Ramon Pranada, operations officer of the Quezon City Police District, told reporters in Pasig City.  • In Metro Manila, Police Chief Oscar Albayalde said members of the police Explosive Ordnance Division had been deployed in the university belt and other areas to respond on any potential bomb threats. “We are on full alert in Metro Manila. We are setting up police assistance desks and explosive ordnance personnel in case we receive bomb threats,” Albayalde said. Education Secretary Leonor Briones said while her department was prepared to welcome students, there would always be difficulties that could not be avoided.  “Generally, we are ready but we can’t avoid that there would still be things that are lacking,” Briones told reporters.  “This is not to deny that there will still be shortage, but we still have 10 months coming to fill in that gap. “It’s very clear that there is a shortage of classrooms on a daily basis in certain places. We’re still trying to address the classroom backlogs and we have a situation that the number of learners is increasing, hence the need to build more classrooms.” By June 5, some 55,680 classrooms or 51.59 percent of the total 107,920 classrooms would have been completed and available for use.  While it is nearly done with its backlogs in 2014 (84.11 percent classrooms completed) and 2015 (72.38 percent classrooms completed), the Education Department has only completed 15.35 percent of its 2016 targets, contributing to a completion rate of 51.59 percent from 2014 to 2016.  For senior high school alone, while the department has already completed a total of 25,498 classrooms, it has yet to build some 23,796 classrooms from the budget allocated from 2014 to 2016.  The department also has yet to close the gap in the classroom shortage, which is now at 41,880 from the previous years budget. Briones said some 47,000 classrooms would have to be constructed under their 2017 budget to fill the needs of the additional two more years, and 10,000 of those were meant to replace old and dilapidated classrooms.  The classroom-to-pupil ratio is now at 1:36 for the elementary and 1:43 for the secondary level.  “The demand for more classrooms is getting much bigger and bigger. There has to be a way by  which we can manage this because we are managing shortages from the previous years, of course,” Briones said.  “When you talk of shortages of classrooms, we are also talking about shortages of seats, school supplies, textbooks, laboratory equipment.” Another problem is the lack of space to build more classrooms.  “Even if you give us the budget for schools, we don’t have the land to build on,” Briones said.  “While our alternative is high-rise buildings, it would cost more in terms of all the protective mechanisms that you have to set up.” With Francisco Tuyay Topics: kindergarten , elementary , high school , classroom shortages , Senior High School program , K-12 program , Education Secretary Leonor Briones Related stories: No related stories matched this topic. More from this Category: 'Wonder Woman' muscles in on the men, dominating US box office Kerry, Gore blast Trump climate exit 12 arrested after 'evil' London terror attack COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING DepEd: PH still lacks 107,000 classrooms  0 |  32 mins ago 'Wonder Woman' muscles in on the men, dominating US box office  0 |  37 mins ago Kerry, Gore blast Trump climate exit  0 |  40 mins ago 12 arrested after 'evil' London terror attack  0 |  45 mins ago Outrage as Trump targets London mayor over attacks  0 |  46 mins ago ‘I could bomb Marawi’  0 |  11 hours ago RW gunman gambling addict — kin  0 |  11 hours ago 1,200 IS ‘killing machines lurk in PH’  0 |  11 hours ago Battle for Marawi resumes after 4-hour lull; 179 freed  0 |  11 hours ago Terror attacks in London: 7 dead, 48 hurt  0 |  11 hours ago More On Latest News Eagle eyes by Tony La VinaJustice Tony Carpio, hero Drugs funding terrorism ­— Rody  0 |  4 days ago Blue on blue  0 |  3 days ago Resorts World attacked, Dela Rosa points to lone gunman  0 |  3 days ago Saving Mindanao  0 |  4 days ago Nora Aunor celebrates 64th birthday  0 |  4 days ago Joint sea patrols to counter jihadists  0 |  1 day ago Police look into ‘security lapses’  0 |  2 days ago Solon, ISIS insist on terror angle  0 |  1 day ago Duterte taunts Clinton: Look who’s talking  0 |  4 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் LIVE TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Home News Schedule Teams Australia Bangladesh England India New Zealand Pakistan Sri Lanka South Africa Points Table Photos Venues Cardiff Wales Kennington Oval Edgbaston Ground Previous Winners News » Sports » ICC Champions Trophy Bat Sensors: Here's everything you need to know about ICC's newly-introduced technology Designed by Technology giant Intel, these sensors will feed previously unseen precise details about a player's bat speed and angle of back lift. By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Sunday, June 4, 2017 - 22:16 Comment 0 Comment Courtesy: IANS New Delhi: Sports and technology always go hand-in-hand. To make the games even more competitive and to make the on-screen action even more pleasurable to watch, new devices are introduced with every upcoming tournament. After drone cameras, slow-motion replays and glowing stumps, the International Cricket Council (ICC) has introduced 'bat sensors' as the sport's latest innovation in the ongoing Champions Trophy in England. Designed by technology giant Intel, these sensors will feed previously unseen precise details about a player's bat speed and angle of back lift. As reported by Cricket.com, providing more information to television audiences and developing a new coaching aid are the primary reasons behind this new addition. Former England captain-turned-commentator Nasser Hussain told a news conference at The Oval, "How many times have we spoken about people having 'fast hands' or 'great bat speed'? But what does that mean? We've never quantified it." "When I first played for England, I had never really seen myself on television. I remember playing in Jamaica, getting out and walking through the hotel lobby and Geoffrey Boycott shouting at me 'Hussain, you'll never get any runs with that open bat face'. Something like this can show you the exact angle of your bat", he added. Each team will have up to five players using the technology in the tournament. England all-rounder Ben Stokes and opener Alex Hales, India's Rohit Sharma and Ravi Ashwin are among those who have agreed to use the devices. Other innovations at the Champions Trophy include the use of drones to provide more in-depth pitch analysis and a virtual reality system that allows fans to don a headset and 'face' the world's best bowlers. TAGS Bat sensorsTechnologySports technologyCricketIndia vs PakistanRohit SharmaICC Champions Trophy Tennis French Open 2017: Sania Mirza-Ivan Dodig storm into mixed doubles quarters; Rohan Bopanna out of men's doubles From Zee News Celebrities and their Instagram diaries IPL 2017, Final - Mumbai Indians VS Rising Pune Supergiant Largest Cruise Ships Ever Built Football I`m staying at Atletico Madrid, insists Antoine Griezmann Football Five ways Real Madrid can ensure to continue their dominati... cricket No contracts, no play: David Warner warns Cricket Australia... Tennis French Open: Defending champion Garbine Muguruza knocked ou... Other Sports Andrea Dovizioso overcomes food poisoning to win Italian Mo... Football Bhaichung Bhutia against franchise fee on Mohun Bagan, East... Comment 0 Comment - Join the Discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus FIXTURE RESULTS Australia Vs New Zealand June 2  03:00 pm IST Edgbaston India Vs Pakistan June 4  03:00 pm IST Edgbaston Click for full Schdule » Sri Lanka Vs South Africa June 3  03:00 pm IST South Africa won by 96 runs England Vs Bangladesh June 1  03:00 pm IST England defeat Bangladesh by 8 wickets Click for full Schdule » ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Points Table Gr A MP Won Lost Pts England 1 1 0 2 Australia 1 0 0 1 New Zealand 1 0 0 1 Bangladesh 1 0 1 0 Gr B MP Won Lost Pts India 0 0 0 0 Pakistan 0 0 0 0 South Africa 1 1 0 2 Sri Lanka 1 0 1 0 MOST READ LATEST NEWS HIGHEST RUNS 1 Joe Root 133 Runs 2 Tamim Iqbal | 128 Runs 3 Alex Hales | 95 Runs HIGHEST WKTS 1 Liam Plunkett 4 Wickets 2 Ben Stokes | 1 Wickets 3 Mashrafe Mortaza | 1 Wickets CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL DISCLAIMER COMPLAINT OUR TEAM INVESTOR INFO WHERE TO WATCH CAREERS PARTNER SITE: DNA INDIA INDIA STATES WORLD BUSINESS SPORTS TECHNOLOGY SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE HEALTH BLOGS PHOTO VIDEO © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic open News by Location open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment/Lifestyle open Eat, Drink, Cook open Opinion open Real Estate open Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us open Extras open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics open Watchdog Education open Environment Commuting Health Business open Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice open Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports open Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys open Girls open Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Comments: Open Thread Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Washington County News Most people don't know a Muslim. Mosque leader wants to change that, one shopper at a time Updated on June 4, 2017 at 4:26 PM Posted on June 4, 2017 at 9:26 AM 7 Gallery: Mosque leader: I'm a Muslim. Ask me anything. By Casey Parks The Oregonian/OregonLive Seven days after the MAX train attack, Harris Zafar pulled on a bright blue T-shirt. "I am a Muslim," it said in white letters. "Ask me anything." Then he headed for Washington Square Mall. At a time when some Muslims feel unsafe leaving the house, Zafar did what he and three others have done for the past five months of Saturdays. They stood in the mall's atrium, inviting anyone to meet them. He didn't know what to expect this time. On May 26, an extremist had threatened two teenage girls, one in a hijab, on a train in Northeast Portland before police say he stabbed three men, two fatally, who intervened. Sixty-two percent of Americans don't know a Muslim, according to The Pew Research Center. If people don't know Muslims, Zafar reasoned, how can they bridge the prejudices that divide us? Ignorance is fertile soil for hatred, he said. "We're not Quran-thumping or street preaching," said Zafar, a Tigard resident who serves as the national spokesman for the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, an international Islamic organization that rejects terrorism. "A few people at a time, we're trying to make people comfortable with the idea of talking to a Muslim. Can we address any of their questions so they figure out we're just normal human beings?" Zafar, 38, has a youthful face, a gray-flecked beard and the kind of deep brown eyes people describe as soulful. His mind is an encyclopedia of Islam and sports facts. He can quote Quran verses as quickly as he can list the New York Mets' 1986 lineup. He set up shop at the olfactory intersection of Yankee Candle and Auntie Anne's pretzel shop. "I smelled Cinnabon on my way in," said Arman Butt, 30, an Intel worker of Pakistani descent. He sighed with temporary longing. It was Ramadan, the month of fasting. Every Saturday, the men start with the great equalizer known as Starbucks. Their fasts are complete fasts, Zafar said. They don't even drink water during Ramadan days. But they figure people might be more likely to open up over food, so Zafar set up a table with decaf mochas and half a dozen pound cakes. "We tell Starbucks to give us the packaged ones, so people know it's safe," Zafar said. Previous meet-ups had gone well. No one had attacked them, though Zafar and his friends were like any Muslims, accustomed to hateful comments. "When I get told to go back home, I'm like, 'Well, that's Tigard,'" Zafar said. Zafar's Pakistani family moved to Washington County from the Bay Area when he was 7. His was one of four that built the Portland Rizwan Mosque, the city's first. People protested, Zafar said, when the families proposed the place of worship in 1987. "Portlanders had never had to grapple with a building that looked like that before," he said. Nearby residents worried Muslims might blast the call to prayer in the neighborhood. They fretted about increased traffic. Eventually, Zafar said, the families allayed their new neighbors' fears. The mosque went up and, save for the occasional gunshot that pierced the mosque's double-paned windows, they've had little trouble since. Half a dozen A handful of people called their mosque with threats after 9/11, Zafar said, but so many well-wishers called, the mosque had to buy a second answering machine. When a gust of wind knocked down the mosque's marble sign this month, liberal Portlanders assumed vandalism. Some posted outraged comments on Facebook. "That's the character of Portland," he said. "They're so upset at the idea that it was foul play. They don't even know us. If they did, they could have just asked us what happened. " Liberals and conservatives are largely alike in one way, Zafar said. In America, most people don't have a meaningful relationship with a Muslim. At the mall, people craned their necks as they passed Zafar's table. Some shook their heads. Others drifted by then returned. A bespoke Lenscrafters worker approached, timid at first, to say he admired their efforts. A Muslim family from Morocco asked what questions Zafar usually received. "A lot of people ask about ISIS," Zafar said. "Others ask about women." A Cleveland High School history teacher gave Zafar a thumbs-up. The Southeast Portland high school elected a Muslim teenager to serve as its Rose Festival princess this year. "She's the neatest kid you'll ever meet," the teacher said. "She's beloved." A Catholic priest lingered. A grinning teenager in a Jimi Hendrix T-shirt approached with her pink cell phone poised. Another woman said, "I love you" then grabbed Butt for a quick embrace. "You get all the hugs," Zafar said. "I'm going to tell your wife." A white man in athletic gear sat down. He said he wanted to talk about the relative nature of truth. "Christianity says you come into this world as a sinner," he said. "Does Islam?" Zafar, prone to giving "very long answers to very short questions," spent 15 minutes replying. "We are born sinless according to Islam, but it's how you live your life, that's how you're judged," he said. "We don't believe heaven is in the clouds and hell is in the pit of the earth. We believe God is within us. The same with what we call wickedness. There is something within each of us that compels us toward immoral and evil acts." Zafar said he knew it was hard to reconcile how God can be good and the world so violent. Humans have free will, he said, but God does strive for balance in the afterlife. "In Islam, we're taught the victims of those evils are rewarded by God," he said. "These two gentlemen who valiantly saved the lives of those two teens, it's tragic, yet at the same time, we believe they are being rewarded in the afterlife with immense blessings at the right hand of God." The stabbings had been a frequent source of conversation at the Ramadan fast breaks this week, the men said. "At our mosque, we're telling people to be more vigilant," Zafar said. "But don't live as a prisoner in your home." The first time they did a meet-up, most of the men were nervous. It was a few months after the presidential election. President-elect Donald Trump had promised an Islamic ban. For some Muslims, they knew, existing was an act of bravery. "We had a lady who stopped by and quietly said, 'I'm a Muslim, but I'm afraid to show it,'" Butt said. A staunch Trump supporter sat down one Saturday. She was in her mid-40s and clutching a Cinnabon box, the men recalled. "She was visibly very uncomfortable sitting with us," Zafar said. "She had this point of view that once Muslims attain 18 percent of the population in America that we would begin to exert our control over the country. I have never heard that before. I started by telling her, 'Well, we're 1 percent of the population right now, but here's what we believe.'" "It must have been like on her bucket list," Butt said. "'Talk to a Muslim.' She had good questions, though." Dozens of Muslim families strolled by while the men talked. "Sometimes Muslims stop and say, 'It's so great that you're doing this,'" Zafar said. "I'll say, 'Why don't you join us?' And they'll start backing away." Soon, Zafar's mosque will start similar events at Clackamas Town Center and the Vancouver Mall. Butt launched one outside Hillsboro City Hall last week. Zafar said he tried holding one in the Lloyd Center near the ice rink, but mall administrators told him he couldn't. They said his chats were political, he said, and they didn't like that he was giving away cake. A mall is a commercial enterprise, he said. Its goal is making money, not swaying hearts. At 4 p.m. after two hours, the men started packing up their cakes to leave. They had talked to a dozen people. A wild-haired Auntie Anne's employee approached, and the men braced themselves. The week before, a man confronted them for taking up a food court table too long. But the teenage mall worker just wanted to talk. "Have you guys like traveled to Mecca and stuff?" he asked. Among the four, only Tareq Malas, a Jordanian who once lived two hours from Islam's holiest city, had. "Do you guys ever feel like oppressed?" the teenager asked. "Here or there?" Malas asked. In Portland, he said, he felt safer than he had in the Middle East. "Are there any rivalries against other types of Islam?" the teenager asked. "Like between Sunni and Shia?" "Yeah, unfortunately there is sectarian divide in some parts of the world," Zafar said. "A Sunni will hate a Shia just because they're Shia. A Shia will hate a Sunni just because they're Shia. But there's also the reality living in America that people who don't like Muslims, they're not sophisticated enough to say what kind of Muslims. We're all lumped in together. It doesn't really make sense to bicker amongst each other." The teenager thanked them and walked away. The day had passed without incident. "It's nice to know we're so welcome," Zafar said. "The downside to it is, that means we're not answering questions. We're not finding those people yet who don't feel comfortable shaking our hand." -- Casey Parks 503-221-8271 cparks@oregonian.com; @caseyparks View Comments About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC 06/04/2017 at 7:00 AM by Brad Linder 6 Comments Gigabyte’s BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren’t much larger than a small stack of CD cases. But the company also has a few models with higher-power CPU and graphics capabilities that require a little more room to breathe. Last year Gigabyte introduced the Brix Skylake UHD with NVIDIA graphics and a case that measures just 4.3″ x 4.3″ wide, but 8.6″ tall. Now the company is showing off a follow-up called the BRIX Gaming VR. It’s about the same size, but packs even more powerful hardware. The Gigabyte BRIX Gaming VR GB-BNi7HG6-1060 is powered by an Intel Kay Lake processor and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 discrete graphics. It has two M.2 2280 slots for solid state storage, 2 SODIMM slots for DDR4-2133 memory, and room for a 2.5 inch hard drive or SSD. As you’d expect from a machine designed for gaming, there are plenty of ports, including a Gigabit Ethernet jack, 2 Mini DisplayPort and 2 HDMI 2.0 ports, 3 USB 3.0 ports, a USB 3. Type-C port, and a USB 3.1 Type-A port as well as mic and headphone jacks. The system also supports 802.11ac WiFi and Bluetooth 4.2. Gigabyte says you can connect multiple 4K displays, outfit the system with plenty of storage, and have room for an Intel Optane memory module to boost storage performance. While this system is not fanless, Gigabyte does say it’s relatively quite, only generating 35dB of sound under peak load, and lower noise levels at less resource-intensive tasks. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 6 Comments on "Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest Compfan76 Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Hey Brad, I think you meant to say “lower noise levels” in the last sentence 🙂 Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 14 hours 30 minutes ago Author Brad Linder Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Hehe, good point. As far as I’m aware, the audio output from the speaker jack does not get lower when the system is working harder. 🙂 Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 14 hours 8 minutes ago Guest Jeff Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Looks nice except for the huge ugly Gigabyte branding. Vote Up5Vote Down  Reply 12 hours 9 minutes ago Guest BoBBy Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Ok, this is nice. I was going to build a workstation, but this might work. For me – it’s all down to the noise. I hope SPCR test this thing (if the site is still alive). Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 4 hours 5 minutes ago Guest Matt Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I expect the price will be above what most people interested in this would pay. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 3 hours 57 minutes ago Guest Kangal Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. This is great…. until you see the price. And even if you splurge on it… it won’t be so great when you want to give it an upgrade. The CPU probably not upgradeable. Not sure about the RAM. The SSD slots are good. But when cheaper and faster GPUs are out there… you’re SOL. You’re much better off either getting the MSI Trident… ….or building your own Compact PC in a case such as: FractalDesign Core 500, Node 202, Silverstone RVZ02, Dan Case A4-SFX, Dr Zaber Sentry. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 2 hours 22 seconds ago Latest News Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Gigabyte's BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren't much … [Read More...] MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop … [Read More...] Compulab’s tiny UCM-iMX7 compute module bends over backward to stay small Compulab makes a line of tiny desktop computers that it sells under the … [Read More...] Popular articles MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake Zotac PI225: A fanless desktop PC that's smaller than a 2.5 inch hard drive Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Deals Deals of the Day (6-02-2017) There was a time when Amazon's Echo devices were the only game in town when it … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2017 kicks off on Monday, June 5, in San Jose. The Cupertino-based technology giant traditionally announces software updates around iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS at its annual event, and this time hardware will also be on the cards By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 5, 2017 8:49 am Apple keynote will live stream at 10:30 pm India Standard Time (IST) on June 5 Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2017 kicks off on Monday, June 5, in San Jose. The Cupertino-based technology giant traditionally announces software updates at this event every year, so this time around too, industry is expecting updates around iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS. But apart from software, Apple is also expected to unveil a new Siri-powered speaker alongside major hardware refresh for MacBooks and iPads. Here’s what we know so far. MacBooks Apple will likely refresh last year’s MacBook at the Keynote. The new models are expected to come with Intel 7th generation ‘Kaby Lake’ processors. What remains to be seen is, if Apple also refreshes the 12-inch MacBook and older MacBook Air as well. Most reports say only the specifications will be updated in the new MacBooks. Siri-powered speaker Apple is reportedly set to launch an all new Siri-powered speaker at WWDC 2017. which instead of just being a connected home device will also focus on speaker quality with ‘virtual surround sound’. It could very well be Apple’s answer to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Reports suggest that the Siri speaker has already entered production. iPads Recently, four iPad models were spotted on a French regulatory website. Most rumours pointed out that Apple is going add another screen size to its iPad line. A 10.5-inch iPad Pro is expected to follow similar footprint as its 9.7-inch iPad, but with a new design and edge-to-edge display. Apple may also upgrade its 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro line-up at this event. iOS 11 Apple is most likely to preview next version of iOS at the Keynote on June 5. Considering this time it will be 10th anniversary of the iPhone, there are rumours that Apple’s iOS update could come with a complete design overhaul. Some rumours suggest more sleek design for Notifications and a ‘dark mode’. Additionally, an enhanced feature-set for Siri is being seen as a given. We could also see updates to Apple Music, Maps, Photos, iMessage and more. The tablet version of iOS is rumoured to get multi-user login and expanded support for the Apple Pencil. MacOS While MacBook updates are most anticipated, there is nothing much known about MacOS update. One of the big rumour around the block is fixing iTunes in MacOS 10.13. Apple may also be looking to bridge the gap between macOS and iOS. We might see more unified applications that could smoothly operate between the two OS. watchOS and tvOS The rumours are very thin about the changes in watchOS and tvOS. We’ll mostly see improvements for both operating systems. If some of the rumours are correct, then Apple is more focused on making a unified ecosystem, where it could fit in its Siri-powered speaker as well. So do expect a lot more from Siri in watchOS and tvOS. The 2017 Apple annual developer conference will begin June 5 and ends on June 9. The keynote will start at 10:00 am PDT, local time on June 5, which will be 10:30 pm India Standard Time (IST). More Related News Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested Chhattisgarh tweaks 38-year rule for tribal sterilisation, but govt nod still required SportsBatsmen shine as India complete Pakistan hammering Sports5 talking points from India's hammering of Pakistan  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Will Tubelight cross Baahuabli 2’s collection? Here’s what Salman Khan thinks KVM Ludhiana sexual assault case: School under scanner for concealing offence, says ACP; no arrest yet Three villages in Mulshi get first water pipeline Bahrain, Saudi cut ties with Qatar in a move to protect themselves from ‘terrorism’ ‘Parallel’ Jathedars drop all conditions to keep June 6 Operation Blue Star anniversary clash-free                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
HomeArchivesVideoCartoonsAboutSearchLoginRules/FAQContactDonationsMerchandise Home Archives Video Cartoons About Search Login More Rules/FAQ Contact Donations Merchandise Archives Home → Articles Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email June 4, 2017 Waiting for Jobs: Can Apple Regain Its PC Edge? By Mike Konrad Starting this Monday, Apple Computer's World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) is slated to start in San Jose, Calif. The conference is held annually to discuss Apple's new technologies, and software creators are encouraged to interface with Apple Engineers in labs and workshops.  Ticket prices this year were $1,599 and since demand exceeds supply, a lottery had to be held to disburse the tickets. The conference is as much show as technology, and we probably can expect CEO Tim Cook to condemn Trump's pullout from the Paris Climate Agreement. But what has everybody on edge are the rumors that some of the Mac line of products will be updated. That's important because Apple has let its once-famous – and once-highly regarded – Mac line of computers to lay stagnant.  Neither the 27” nor the 21.5” iMac were upgraded in 2016. Worse yet, when the smaller 21.5” iMac was last upgraded in 2015, it did not come with the then -new Skylake processors, but was saddled with the older Broadwell CPUs and offered no graphics card option. Then to add insult to injury, it came with an insultingly slow 5400 RPM hard drive as standard. The “state of the art” smaller iMac could not be upgraded after purchase, and one had to buy the added RAM and faster storage at Apple's inflated mark up.  Still, even if max'd out at 16GB RAM,  with the older Broadwell i7 CPU (processor), and with no graphics card option, how could it be considered state of the art? Then there was Apple's revered Mac Mini, which had not only been the province of those who could not afford the iMac; but more than that, it had been the province of tinkerers.  One could easily add RAM and Storage to the Mac Mini.  The 2012 Mac Mini was a gem. It had the option of a quad-core processor, and was easily serviceable. The Internet was full of videos on how to turn the 2012 Mac Mini into a computing “beast,” with some minor upgrades. This became a cottage industry for geeks; and the Mac Mini fostered a subculture of techie Apple fanboys – rather amazing as Apple prides itself on catering to the technically clueless who just want a turnkey operation. Yet, the Mac Mini was lauded by tinkerers and techies all over the world. Then came 2014, and Apple no longer offered the quad-core option with the Mac Mini; while also soldering in the RAM, forcing one to pay a premium for the RAM on the original purchase. Added to that, Apple made it very difficult to change the SSD drives, by introducing a second cover plate on the bottom. The 2014 Mac Mini was not as powerful as the earlier 2012 Mac Mini. What was Apple thinking? Overnight, the older quad-core 2012 Mac Minis became more desirable and more expensive than the newer 2014 models.  Even now, the five year-old 2012 Mac Mini commands high prices, and purchasers often prefer the 2012 model over the anemic 2014 model. But that was 2014. In three years Apple has not updated the Mac Mini. The tinkers have moved from bypassing Apple's obstinacy to creating a flourishing underground community of Hackintoshes.  Hackintoshes are PCs modified by downloadable coding to run Apple's OS operating system, which is no mean trick, as Apple OS was only designed for Apple components. A flurry of coders now run websites where one can learn to install Apple OS Sierra on their PC.  Of course, the practice is in a legal gray area, as the Apple EULA (End User License Agreement) obliges users to only run the software on Apple products. But the Hackintosh results are astounding. Quinn Nelson, at Snazzy Labs, built a homemade Hackintosh for $682 (in 2016) that outperformed not only the 2014 Mac Mini, but also ran the 2012 quad-core Mac Mini into the ground.  And Snazzy Labs did not even use a high-end i7 CPU to do it; but only the rather modest i5. $682 Skylake Mac Mini Hackintosh Build  - Snazzy Labs $682 Hackintosh Mac Mini vs. $1,300 Apple Mac Mini  - Snazzy Labs Of course, some of Snazzy Labs's success could be chalked up to the fact that Snazzy Labs was using a Desktop CPU on their Hackinstosh, not a lower-powered mobile CPU standard on the Mac Mini. But what does one do with Intel's Skull Canyon NUC which blasts the Mac Mini out of the water with a mobile 6770HQ CPU. Quinn Nelson then humiliated Apple by building a remarkable Hackintosh for $70 with used parts. Is a $70 Hackintosh Any Good?  - Snazzy Labs Indeed, people are already making Hackintoshes of Intel NUCs.  There are websites such as TonyMacx86.com and Hackintosh.com where one can learn about these techniques. The techies have leaped onto Apple's lethargy, and are showing everyone how to build a better machine for less money, and still run Apple OS. And the quasi-legitimate practice has now achieved an air of respectability, After years of waiting for a decent upgrade to Apple's desktop computers, I've given up. I decided to build a PC; then make it work like a Mac. - Death to Apple's Mac Mini: I made a Hackintosh – CNET While this has been going on for years, Apple still has not updated the Mac Pro, its highest-end machine, since 2013.  It has let the Macbook Air die, though there are rumors that it may upgrade the Macbook Air at this WWDC – however that is iffy, and some rumors claim the upgrade will only be a processor; and will not include a better screen. [I]t wouldn’t be a huge surprise to see everything but the processor [on the MacBook Air to] stay the same.  - The Verge What is the point if the screen is not updated?! Apple has also started soldering RAM in its laptop products, which has infuriated many, forcing them to buy extra RAM upfront at inflated prices.  Apple's defense is that low-power RAM has to be soldered on; and without low-power RAM, Apple's legendary laptop battery life would be shorter.  There is a germ of truth to that; but what excuse did Apple have for soldering RAM on the smaller iMac or the Mac Mini which run on household electricity? Something is fishy! Only the large iMac remains upgradable in RAM. Apple has released a low-powered 12” MacBook line of laptops at horrific prices, which are underpowered with tablet processors, and are now being overshadowed by the likes of the formerly cheaper HP, which has now moved in with high end laptops, which the critics are praising. True, Apple did improve the MacBook Pro with a touch bar almost no one wanted – why not a touch screen – but with price increases that were abusive, and which made the product more expensive than the comparably equipped larger iMac desktop. Apple seems to have decided that its future is not so much in the hardware, but in the software: iTunes, and apps, etc. Apple regularly updates these, while ignoring much of its signature lines.  Apple also focuses more on iPhones and iPads than computers; but even as this MacRumors Buyer's Guide shows, as of now, almost all of Apple products are sorely in need of an update. As Apple seemingly retreats from the top tier, Microsoft and HP have moved in with high-end products, particularly Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 laptop  and Microsoft Surface Studio (which begins at $2,999, only only offers an i5 and 8GB RAM to start, which is criminal) and HP's Envy line of laptops.  Unfortunately, Microsoft is copying, and out-gouging, Apple's practice of obscene charges for extra options.  HP, thankfully, has not gone that route, and its charges for options seem more reasonable. Many are blaming Apple's lethargy on Tim Cook, as if he were the problem. Like Vladimir and Estragon waiting for Godot, the disgruntled are waiting for Steve Jobs to return and save Apple's vision. Well, Steve Jobs is not Christ, nor is he even Godot; and he is not returning. The market has changed. Jobs started the market for micro-portability with the iPod, the iPhone, and the iPad.  Apple rode that crest while Jobs was alive. After Jobs died in 2011, the computer (the Mac) end of business started to decline.  Apple's revenue from iMacs have slightly declined. Its revenue from iPads have greatly declined.  Services and the iPhone make up the bulk of Apple's income.  This decline that we see is the result of Jobs's vision, not a contradiction. It was the inevitable result of market forces that Jobs put into play. Tim Cook has promised updates to the Mac line, but Apple's credibility in that area is now weak.  Many people are expecting a lot from the conference.  Whatever occurs, I am sure many will be disappointed. I would love to see a new Mac Mini.  Or maybe a refresh of the Macbook Air, with a better screen. I would love to see reasonable prices on all of this.  Apple is not selling state of the art any more, just above-average quality. I am not holding my breath.  Apple's inertia is not so much due to bad management as a shift in the industry.  Meanwhile, the Hackintosh-ers have taken over. Among techies, building a Hackintosh has moved from a curiosity to a requirement. This will not change. The techies are not only upstaging Apple; but also Intel, as they show what can be done with the new and cheaper Ryzen CPUs. Steve Jobs will not be at the WWDC this week, not in spirit, not in any way. Apple is changing because the market is changing. The real contest this year will be between AMD and Intel. Mike Konrad is the pen name of an American who wishes he had availed himself more fully of the opportunity to learn Spanish in high school, lo those many decades ago.  He writes on the Arabs of South America at http://latinarabia.com.  He also started a small website about small computers at http://minireplacements.com   Starting this Monday, Apple Computer's World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) is slated to start in San Jose, Calif. The conference is held annually to discuss Apple's new technologies, and software creators are encouraged to interface with Apple Engineers in labs and workshops.  Ticket prices this year were $1,599 and since demand exceeds supply, a lottery had to be held to disburse the tickets. The conference is as much show as technology, and we probably can expect CEO Tim Cook to condemn Trump's pullout from the Paris Climate Agreement. But what has everybody on edge are the rumors that some of the Mac line of products will be updated. That's important because Apple has let its once-famous – and once-highly regarded – Mac line of computers to lay stagnant.  Neither the 27” nor the 21.5” iMac were upgraded in 2016. Worse yet, when the smaller 21.5” iMac was last upgraded in 2015, it did not come with the then -new Skylake processors, but was saddled with the older Broadwell CPUs and offered no graphics card option. Then to add insult to injury, it came with an insultingly slow 5400 RPM hard drive as standard. The “state of the art” smaller iMac could not be upgraded after purchase, and one had to buy the added RAM and faster storage at Apple's inflated mark up.  Still, even if max'd out at 16GB RAM,  with the older Broadwell i7 CPU (processor), and with no graphics card option, how could it be considered state of the art? Then there was Apple's revered Mac Mini, which had not only been the province of those who could not afford the iMac; but more than that, it had been the province of tinkerers.  One could easily add RAM and Storage to the Mac Mini.  The 2012 Mac Mini was a gem. It had the option of a quad-core processor, and was easily serviceable. The Internet was full of videos on how to turn the 2012 Mac Mini into a computing “beast,” with some minor upgrades. This became a cottage industry for geeks; and the Mac Mini fostered a subculture of techie Apple fanboys – rather amazing as Apple prides itself on catering to the technically clueless who just want a turnkey operation. Yet, the Mac Mini was lauded by tinkerers and techies all over the world. Then came 2014, and Apple no longer offered the quad-core option with the Mac Mini; while also soldering in the RAM, forcing one to pay a premium for the RAM on the original purchase. Added to that, Apple made it very difficult to change the SSD drives, by introducing a second cover plate on the bottom. The 2014 Mac Mini was not as powerful as the earlier 2012 Mac Mini. What was Apple thinking? Overnight, the older quad-core 2012 Mac Minis became more desirable and more expensive than the newer 2014 models.  Even now, the five year-old 2012 Mac Mini commands high prices, and purchasers often prefer the 2012 model over the anemic 2014 model. But that was 2014. In three years Apple has not updated the Mac Mini. The tinkers have moved from bypassing Apple's obstinacy to creating a flourishing underground community of Hackintoshes.  Hackintoshes are PCs modified by downloadable coding to run Apple's OS operating system, which is no mean trick, as Apple OS was only designed for Apple components. A flurry of coders now run websites where one can learn to install Apple OS Sierra on their PC.  Of course, the practice is in a legal gray area, as the Apple EULA (End User License Agreement) obliges users to only run the software on Apple products. But the Hackintosh results are astounding. Quinn Nelson, at Snazzy Labs, built a homemade Hackintosh for $682 (in 2016) that outperformed not only the 2014 Mac Mini, but also ran the 2012 quad-core Mac Mini into the ground.  And Snazzy Labs did not even use a high-end i7 CPU to do it; but only the rather modest i5. $682 Skylake Mac Mini Hackintosh Build  - Snazzy Labs $682 Hackintosh Mac Mini vs. $1,300 Apple Mac Mini  - Snazzy Labs Of course, some of Snazzy Labs's success could be chalked up to the fact that Snazzy Labs was using a Desktop CPU on their Hackinstosh, not a lower-powered mobile CPU standard on the Mac Mini. But what does one do with Intel's Skull Canyon NUC which blasts the Mac Mini out of the water with a mobile 6770HQ CPU. Quinn Nelson then humiliated Apple by building a remarkable Hackintosh for $70 with used parts. Is a $70 Hackintosh Any Good?  - Snazzy Labs Indeed, people are already making Hackintoshes of Intel NUCs.  There are websites such as TonyMacx86.com and Hackintosh.com where one can learn about these techniques. The techies have leaped onto Apple's lethargy, and are showing everyone how to build a better machine for less money, and still run Apple OS. And the quasi-legitimate practice has now achieved an air of respectability, After years of waiting for a decent upgrade to Apple's desktop computers, I've given up. I decided to build a PC; then make it work like a Mac. - Death to Apple's Mac Mini: I made a Hackintosh – CNET While this has been going on for years, Apple still has not updated the Mac Pro, its highest-end machine, since 2013.  It has let the Macbook Air die, though there are rumors that it may upgrade the Macbook Air at this WWDC – however that is iffy, and some rumors claim the upgrade will only be a processor; and will not include a better screen. [I]t wouldn’t be a huge surprise to see everything but the processor [on the MacBook Air to] stay the same.  - The Verge What is the point if the screen is not updated?! Apple has also started soldering RAM in its laptop products, which has infuriated many, forcing them to buy extra RAM upfront at inflated prices.  Apple's defense is that low-power RAM has to be soldered on; and without low-power RAM, Apple's legendary laptop battery life would be shorter.  There is a germ of truth to that; but what excuse did Apple have for soldering RAM on the smaller iMac or the Mac Mini which run on household electricity? Something is fishy! Only the large iMac remains upgradable in RAM. Apple has released a low-powered 12” MacBook line of laptops at horrific prices, which are underpowered with tablet processors, and are now being overshadowed by the likes of the formerly cheaper HP, which has now moved in with high end laptops, which the critics are praising. True, Apple did improve the MacBook Pro with a touch bar almost no one wanted – why not a touch screen – but with price increases that were abusive, and which made the product more expensive than the comparably equipped larger iMac desktop. Apple seems to have decided that its future is not so much in the hardware, but in the software: iTunes, and apps, etc. Apple regularly updates these, while ignoring much of its signature lines.  Apple also focuses more on iPhones and iPads than computers; but even as this MacRumors Buyer's Guide shows, as of now, almost all of Apple products are sorely in need of an update. As Apple seemingly retreats from the top tier, Microsoft and HP have moved in with high-end products, particularly Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 laptop  and Microsoft Surface Studio (which begins at $2,999, only only offers an i5 and 8GB RAM to start, which is criminal) and HP's Envy line of laptops.  Unfortunately, Microsoft is copying, and out-gouging, Apple's practice of obscene charges for extra options.  HP, thankfully, has not gone that route, and its charges for options seem more reasonable. Many are blaming Apple's lethargy on Tim Cook, as if he were the problem. Like Vladimir and Estragon waiting for Godot, the disgruntled are waiting for Steve Jobs to return and save Apple's vision. Well, Steve Jobs is not Christ, nor is he even Godot; and he is not returning. The market has changed. Jobs started the market for micro-portability with the iPod, the iPhone, and the iPad.  Apple rode that crest while Jobs was alive. After Jobs died in 2011, the computer (the Mac) end of business started to decline.  Apple's revenue from iMacs have slightly declined. Its revenue from iPads have greatly declined.  Services and the iPhone make up the bulk of Apple's income.  This decline that we see is the result of Jobs's vision, not a contradiction. It was the inevitable result of market forces that Jobs put into play. Tim Cook has promised updates to the Mac line, but Apple's credibility in that area is now weak.  Many people are expecting a lot from the conference.  Whatever occurs, I am sure many will be disappointed. I would love to see a new Mac Mini.  Or maybe a refresh of the Macbook Air, with a better screen. I would love to see reasonable prices on all of this.  Apple is not selling state of the art any more, just above-average quality. I am not holding my breath.  Apple's inertia is not so much due to bad management as a shift in the industry.  Meanwhile, the Hackintosh-ers have taken over. Among techies, building a Hackintosh has moved from a curiosity to a requirement. This will not change. The techies are not only upstaging Apple; but also Intel, as they show what can be done with the new and cheaper Ryzen CPUs. Steve Jobs will not be at the WWDC this week, not in spirit, not in any way. Apple is changing because the market is changing. The real contest this year will be between AMD and Intel. Mike Konrad is the pen name of an American who wishes he had availed himself more fully of the opportunity to learn Spanish in high school, lo those many decades ago.  He writes on the Arabs of South America at http://latinarabia.com.  He also started a small website about small computers at http://minireplacements.com   Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email FOLLOW US ON RECENT VIDEOS More Videos » About Us | Contact | Privacy Policy | RSS Syndication © American Thinker 2017
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad 2-in-1 wars Discussion: Is the Surface Pro Core i7 faster than the iPad Pro A9X? Explaining the tech Genuine i5: What you need to know about the new Surface Pro's fanless CPU Alcantara-rama Everything you could possibly want to know about Alcantara New hardware Windows Central Podcast 50: The new Surface Pro! Clamshell vs. Kickstand Surface Laptop vs. Surface Pro: Spec showdown and form factor wars < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Personal experience Who should buy the Surface Pro with Core m3 and 4GB of RAM? By Daniel Rubino Saturday, Jun 3, 2017 at 1:19 pm EDT 125 Comments Daniel Rubino is executive editor of Windows Central. He has been covering Microsoft since 2009 back when this site was called WMExperts (and later Windows Phone Central). His interests include Windows, Surface, HoloLens, Xbox, and future computing visions. Follow him on Twitter: @daniel_rubino. I've been using the Surface Pro 4 with a Core m3 and 4GB of RAM for a year. Here is who should buy that version for Surface Pro in 2017. When it comes to buying a PC, things are never really that easy when given too many choices. And yet, consumers yearn for various price points to fit their budget and needs. The Microsoft Surface Pro is no different with six different configurations ranging from $799 to $2,699. That $799 version is the Intel Core m3 version with just 4GB of RAM. It's the only model to ship with that processor and lets Microsoft claim a "starting at" price that is quite affordable (despite needing another $150 for a Type Cover). So, is it worth it? I hear a lot that 4GB of RAM is not enough, and while a fanless Core m3 sounds good, it will struggle. I disagree with some of that so here is some perspective from someone who uses one on a regular basis. Who should buy Surface Pro Core m3 I see many dismiss the Core m3 Surface Pro with just 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage in comments and discussion forums. Indeed, there is a compelling case to be made that those specifications just are not enough, or, less convincingly that such a PC lacks "future-proofing" (I'd be more concerned about USB Type-C if that's issue). But there is space for the Core m3 model – either Surface Pro 4 or new Surface Pro – and in having used one on and off for the last year, here is who it is ideal for: Secondary computer - If you're buying a Surface Pro as your primary PC experience and you use this machine all the time the Core m3 model can get rough, especially if you expect advanced gaming, Adobe Photoshop, or run a browser with 20 tabs open. If, however, you want a Surface to take to the coffee shop, something to use on the couch, or on short trips, it's an excellent choice instead of a full laptop. Students - Assuming price is not a top concern the Surface Pro with a Core m3 is ideal for class. Dropping $1k on a computer for those under 18 is always weird, but I see eight-year-olds on flights with their own iPad Pros, so there is a precedent. Light computing - While shocking for some of our readers the fact is some people just want a light PC to check email, browse the web, watch Netflix, and Skype with family. Surface Pro with a Core m3 and 4GB of RAM is fine for this. Not everyone is trying to play Forza Horizon 3 while running Visual Studio. Indeed most people aren't. You run Windows Store apps - Related to light computing is what apps you run. For my needs, I'm 99 percent OK with Windows Store apps. These are often the same apps that can run on a smartphone and they do very well on a Core m3 as well. Another category could be affordability. You just want a Surface Pro badly, but you can't go over a thousand dollars. I would argue that there are better options like buying a used Surface Pro or a 2-in-1 PC from HP or Dell. How I use Surface Pro 4 with a Core m3 For my workload, I have my Surface Studio with two added monitors as my main work PC and several Core i7 laptops for serious travel computers. I use the Surface Pro 4 when I need a light computer for the day, I want to do some email in another room, or going on a weekend trip. I'll be the first to confess that this not a typical experience for average consumers, but this misses the bigger point. I have at my disposal many laptops that are more powerful. I often don't bat an eye at grabbing a Core m3 Surface because honestly, I can't tell the difference on many things. For checking email, running the Edge browser with extensions, browsing Reddit, or watching YouTube via the MyTube app, I can't say anything bad about the Surface Pro 4 with a Core m3. I have never run out of RAM and with OneDrive storage is not a concern. Running quite a few apps on the Core m3 Surface Pro 4 is just fine. As an example, running Edge with four tabs open (including Gmail), Adobe Photoshop Elements 15 with a picture, and Mail, Twitter, and Store apps running results in 70 percent memory (RAM) consumption. Tossing in Slack bumps it to 82 percent. Closing Photoshop Elements and Slack drops memory consumption down to 56 percent. I can't find any problem here when running or switching between those programs. It's fast, fluid, and never chokes. Regarding benchmarks the sixth generation Intel Core m3 does quite well – roughly twice the Geekbench score of an Intel Atom or Pentium processor: Geekbench 4.0 Benchmarks (Higher is better) Device Single core Dual core Surface Pro 4 m3 2,766 5,279 Surface Book Core i7 3,948 7,415 Dell XPS 13 Core i7 3,494 7,105 CHUWI Hi13 Celeron N3450 1,358 3,934 CHUWI 14.1 Celeron N3450 1,365 3,818 Kangaroo Notebook Atom x5-Z8350 924 2,357 Geekbench 4.0 Graphics OpenCL (Higher is better) Category GPU Score Surface Pro 4 m3 HD515 15,002 XPS 13 (9360) HD620 19,410 Surface Book HD520 18,197 CHUWI Hi13 HD500 8,155 CHUWI 14.1 LapBook HD500 8,027 PCMark Home Conventional 3.0 Device Score Comparison Surface Pro 4 m3 2,091 Better than 21 percent of all results Dell XPS 15 (9560) 3,534 Better than 71 percent of all results Samsung Notebook 9 15 Ext 2,998 Better than 57 percent of all results Lenovo X1 Carbon Core i5 2,965 Better than 57 percent of all results Dell Latitude 7280 2,829 Better than 52 percent of all results Lenovo Yoga 720 2,717 Better than 46 percent of all results HP Spectre x360 15 2,472 Better than 41 percent of all results The new Surface Pro for 2017 uses a seventh generation Core m3 (m3-7Y30), which should outperform the Surface Pro 4's (m3-6Y30), but we'll need to benchmark it to see properly compare. Like many of Intel's mobile chips, the thermal design power (TDP) is configurable up and down resulting in varying processor frequencies. At least on paper, this is how the two chips compare. Intel Core m3 6Y30 vs. 7Y30 Category m3-6Y30 m3-7Y30 Number of Cores 2 2 Number of Threads 4 4 TDP 4.5 W 4.5 W Configurable TDP-down 3.8 W 3.75 W Configurable TDP-up 7 W 7 W Base Frequency 900.00 MHz 1.00 GHz Max Turbo Frequency 2.2 GHz 2.60 GHz Configurable TDP-down Frequency N/A 600.00 MHz Cache 4MB SmartCache 4MB SmartCache GPU HD Graphics 515 HD Graphics 615 Graphics Max Dynamic Frequency 850.00 MHz 900.00 MHz Going by raw specifications the newer seventh generation Core m3-7Y30 should be slightly faster at its base frequency of 1GHz versus 900 MHz of the older m3-6Y30. More interestingly, the more modern processor can scale down to 600 MHz, which is something the older one could not do. From my experience, Intel's seventh generation "Kaby Lake" processors run cooler, get better battery life, and just feel zippier than the last gen's "Skylake." That's to be expected, of course, I assume the same will be true for the new Surface Pro. Better battery? Hard to tell. One misconception of the Surface Pro 4's Core m3-6Y30 was better battery life. The thinking went since it is a fanless design it would use less battery. However, due to the scaling – or lack thereof – the Core m3 still only manages over six hours battery life, comparable to the Core i5 version. That should change with the new Surface Pro due to a slightly larger battery, OS and silicon improvements, and the newer Core m3-7Y30's ability to scale down to 600 MHz, assuming it is configured to do so. Nonetheless, it is too early to assume that the Core m3 Surface Pro automatically has better battery life without further testing. Conclusion: Don't dismiss the low-end Buying a Surface Pro and picking the right model is always a difficult decision. It should be clear that the entry-level Surface Pro with Core m3 while enticing for its price, is not the best solution for a lot of people primarily if it is your only PC. Indeed, Surface Pro as a value or budget option is not a thing, but Microsoft at least tries to entice people with the $799 option. I won't claim to say that the Core m3 Surface Pro is a fair price or worth it – that's a personal value judgment that you need to make. Nonetheless, I use the Surface Pro Core m3 routinely and enjoy the experience. So, no regrets here. It just feels like a PC running Windows 10. That should tell you that all the haranguing about 4GB of RAM and the slower processor is entirely about your needs and expectations. Don't presume what you demand from a Surface Pro is the same as everyone else. People may surprise you in how they use computers. See Surface Pro at Microsoft The above scenarios should help you with deciding as well as comparisons to other devices. I also recommend diving into our Surface Pro 4 and new Surface Pro (2017) forums to see what others are saying. Plenty of people use the Core m3 model, and it's a great place to listen to their feedback. Related Surface Pro stories Why isn't the new Surface Pro named 'Surface Pro 5?' Why Microsoft's new Surface Pro doesn't have a USB Type-C port Surface Pro pricing and availability Surface Pro full tech specs All the details on the brand new Surface Pen Windows Central Surface Pro hub Reader comments Who should buy the Surface Pro with Core m3 and 4GB of RAM? 125 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating DJCBS I use the Surface Pro as a "on the go" writting tablet. Or to write whenever I find that my normal spec'ed out PC offers way too many distractions to allow me to work. So the m3 would *possibly* be OK for my use. However, I've been using the core i5 SP3 since launch. And because of that, I'm extremely skeptical about downgrading to a core m3. And here's why: - I do NOT run Windows Store apps. In fact, apart from a couple of Xbox games (I mean Gameloft games, not *real* Play Anywhere titles) and a couple of secondary apps (Next Player to replace the horrible Groove; Ear Trumpet to shut up individual program sounds) I spend most of my time on the SP3 on two non-Store programs: Office and Chrome. - With those, the SP3 already likes to kick off the fans way too much for my taste (which does make me concerned about the fan-less core i5) and going with a m3 which not only has less power but also no fan makes me really apprehensive. Office for example, takes an eternity to load on the 4GB/core i5 SP3 (well, when compared to the version I have on my normal computer with 32GB of RAM and a core i7).   If the core m3 offered a massive improvement on battery life over the core i5 and i7, then I think it would justify the hit in performance. But since it doesn't offer barely any advantage at all, and considering Microsoft has hiked up the prices of the Surface Pro line along with removing the pen, I think the core m3 is just a bad deal. If you're going to go for overpriced, might as well just pay the extra 200€ and get the core i5. Of course, if you don't have ease in paying those extra 200€ for the core i5, you're likely better staying away from the Surface line altogether now since the tablet alone now starts at 1000€, plus 110€ for the pen, plus 185€ for the type cover. 7 1 day ago Reply John20212 I was disgusted when I heard, you now don't even get a Pen with the Surface Pro, but the Price stayed the same; that is such a BS move from Apples book, I hate to see Microsoft going down this 'ripping off the customer' road. Compared to the older Surface Pro's which came with a pen and you could get a touch cover for $100, this is really pushing the price into the unreasonable territory with $300 in just the must buy accessories.   10 1 day ago Reply Daniel Rubino Part of that is at least because the pen itself is also now more expensive at $99 due to the tilt/4x LoP increase. Had the included the pen, the cost may have gone up by $50 for something that reportedly only 30 percent of people were actually using. Still, they obviously didn't cut that $50 difference out either so that's fair to criticize. Microsoft is here to make money, make no mistake. Their argument would be there are plenty of other options out there for PC users. Either way, let the free market speak. 12 1 day ago Reply rodneyej 30% of people???? Wow, that's cra cra.... I use my pen 80% of the time❗ 2 1 day ago Reply rodneyej No, probably 90% of the time... It would be cool if MS had an app that could tell you all your input statistics, including gestures, and the like.. All in hourly, daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly percentages.... I wish I could develop apps🤔🤔🤔 1 1 day ago Reply Will McClenaghan I don't use my pen often, but when I do I really want to use the pen, mostly with PDF documents. 1 22 hours ago Reply George Ponder I've used my pen long enough to connect it to my Surface and to make sure it worked. It came bundled with the Surface and I've just never found a use for it. My guess is we represent the extremes and the actual average is somewhere in the middle. My guess is the pen is used with some regularity by 30-40% of the consumers. Just a guess based on experience. 1 11 hours ago Reply rodneyej What do you mostly use your Surface for? 0 23 sec ago Reply someoneinwa I'm curious about this 30 percent use the pen number. What is the source? The only number I've heard from a source was Panos Panay at the SP4 announce event  talking about 50 percent of Surface Pro owners using the pen. 30 percent seems a big drop from just announce of SP4 to now.  I'm no artist but I use my pen daily. 0 10 hours ago Reply lbp775 I lost the pen from my og surface pro and didn't realize it. I've also used the pen from my SP4 a total of 3 times in the last year and a half. I agree that they should've lowered the price a little for not including an accessory that I will never use. 0 4 min ago Reply rodneyej Can't see how y'all don't use your pen. 0 2 min ago Reply CoachCsan I think we're forgetting too that this new entry version of Surface Pro is actually $100 cheaper than last generation that started at $899 whereas this one is $799 so the price difference is because of no pen!!! 4 21 hours ago Reply Reynaldo Navedo Wrong sir, last gen (SP4) started at $799 as well. 1 9 hours ago Reply Reynaldo Navedo I personally believe that is a bad move. No USB-C, no Pen in the box, no Keyboard. It's a 12 inches tablet, basically for artists more than anything. Still a better choice than the Wacom tablets but they went too high on this OMO. 0 23 hours ago Reply RichardW27 I think they do not include the pen and type cover because some people may already own a type cover and pen so there would be no point in having 2 of each. Also, it allows people to mix and match the different tablets and type covers 0 16 hours ago Reply SvenJ Might seem silly, but if you build a box that has a pen and keyboard, you tend to include the black ones. It is cleary unmaneagable to have a SKU for each combo of Surface (processor, storage), Pen (colors), and keyboard (colors). I bet it is a challenge to have the buying process allow you to buy a tablet, keyboard and pen, and then let you choose which of each and apply some sort of 'discount' if you buy all at once. We would expect there to be a discount, we might expect it to be more if we bought all three, isntead of just two of those items. Would I get a different discount if I bought a color keyboard rather than black since they are more expensive? Would I get a better discount buy buying a higher end Surface with the peripherals than th $799 one.   At the beginning they did bundle a Surface with a keyboard and pen, and the internet was awash with, how much is it without the keyboard  and pen? and, I want a blue keyboard, can I trade the black one in for it? I've been involved in discussions on how to price bundles(not these, but others at work), and they can get tense. I think it is just more of a hassle for consumers to be stuck with a bundle they don't want, and more of a hassle for MS to come up with reasonable pricing for bundles. I do think it would be reasonable to offer 10-15% off peripherals that are purchased at the same time as the Surface, but hey, that's just me. 0 2 hours ago Reply Geoffrey Turks I love Windows Store apps and games. And Groove is great. It keeps improving all the time. The best feature is the ability to watch the music videos of any song in there. 6 22 hours ago Reply someoneinwa Yep. Groove is great. Use it daily.  1 10 hours ago Reply brorim I would .. for 300$ 0 18 hours ago Reply iSantAndrows I use the m3 as my main computer and aside from a few frame drops here and there, it's pretty good. 0 1 day ago Reply Pappale i love it when a price tag of 799 is labeled as "low end" nobody should buy an overpriced HW like this NOBODY -17 1 day ago Reply Daniel Rubino "i love it when a price tag of 799 is labeled as "low end"" It's the low-end of the Surface Pro line, that's just a fact. It's not low-end in the spectrum of laptops and PCs, but no one is making that claim here. Again, dismissing your poorly reasoned and thought out comment. 16 1 day ago Reply PachecoCorporationCeo Sound like a poor man's comment to me. 7 1 day ago Reply Dont Fear the Future Nobody is forcing anyone to buy these. NOBODY. Edit: By the way, Ferrari, for example, has low-end vehicles. But low-end for Ferrari is still more expensive than 99% of all vehicles on the planet. 11 1 day ago Reply Dont Fear the Future I know, I know. A bad example. Here's a better one: Apple sells a low-end Mac called the Mac Air. It starts at $999. And you can tell it's a $999 device just by looking at it's 13.3 inch 1440 by 900 pixel display. (Wait, what? A 900p display on a 13.3 inch screen which retails for $999 in the year 2017? Not even 1080p? Heck, I won't even bring up the fact that it doesn't even have touch or pen support (oops, I just did). This is the year 2017 right? The year of 4k content.) Gosh I'm in a bad mood. But I can't help it. There are so many haters out there it drives me nuts. By the way, I'm sure Mac's are fantastic computers. I'm just trying to prove a point that anyone can complain about anything if they want to. 10 1 day ago Reply Pappale i didnt say a word about BRANDS Mac, HP, Dell, Surface.. doesnt matter. This HW for that price is overpriced.. the same goes for many other products too but this article is about this product. On the other side, Iam not the targeted buyer segment. I will ask myself 100x before purchasing anything :-) -1 1 day ago Reply Dont Fear the Future Fair enough. But the points that are being made are about individual preference. What I may think is overpriced may be a bargain for someone else. I personally think that Mac computers are overpriced, but yet millions of people still buy them. So then who am I to judge and tell others what is best for them. It all comes down to respecting peoples own thoughts and decisions. Whether it is logical to me or you is irrelevant. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and we all just have to respect that. Edit: The reason people got defensive about your comment was because you stated" no one should buy this overpriced hardware.". You were telling people what was best for them. Only the individual themselves knows what's best for them. And with all the "hate" in Microsoft related forums lately people are getting fed up with it. I'm one of them. 4 1 day ago Reply bebochek Yeah, me too, the haters make some really idiotic comments. 2 18 hours ago Reply Steve Adams FYI so do fanboys! 2 15 hours ago Reply Dont Fear the Future We all can make idiotic comments. But I think the issue is that this is a site based on Microsoft related things. If a Microsoft Fanboy is making comments in a Microsoft based forum, there is no problem. It's when a few Fanboys who ARE NOT Microsoft fans come here just to stir things up is where the problems begin. For example, nowhere in the title of this article does it invite anybody outside a Microsoft fans opinion. If the title, for example, was:" Why the new Surface Pro smokes the new Mac Pro", then, even though this is a Microsoft based site, I could see a few Mac Fans putting in their 2 cents. The reality is, haters just come here to hate, turning passionate Microsoft fans into what the haters would call, "Fanboys"; when in reality that should be obvious. This is a Microsoft based site. Are people really surprised to find Microsoft Fanboys here? 0 14 hours ago Reply Steve Adams I use MS.  I use Apple,  I use Google.  I am not a blind loyalist.  Thats the issue...All systems have merits all systems have failures.  Its when you suggest,  or comment on the blind Fanboys that their panties get in a huge bunch.  If the fanboys (the person who says X is the best,  the rest it pure garbage), open their mouth is when the fun starts.   The other great one is I am not buying X because their business practices are "shady".   Guess what.  They are all the same.   MS/GOOGLE/APPLE all do the same thing...if a fanboy thinks otherwise,  then they are clueless.  I.E.  FANBOY!  If they open their eyes and brains,  to the others, they would realise there is no perfect system.   I will call out the MY BRAND IS BEST people all day long because they are blind fanboys.  I do it when I read on imore, android central, crackberry and here.   I Use them all.  EVEN BB10.  I have a BB bold.  I am a technology fan,  not a BRAND X fan.   0 12 hours ago Reply Akira X @papoo,Sounds like its just overpriced for you... 3 1 day ago Reply Chris Stevens1 Pappadale, Brand does make a difference. The Apple monopoly on it's operating system, and perceived quality cachet allow it to charge a premium price when compared to equivalant hardware from other manufacturers. All MS surface product prices include a Surface Surcharge. Microsoft is a software company, that depends on sales of third party hardware to drive software sales. The surface line is intended to be high quality and inspire the third party OEMs to produce better quality products. The Surface Surcharge allows OEMs to envelope similar, different or better products and market them profitably at a lower price than the comparable Surface device. If MS were to price Surface products at market/value prices, there would be no reason for OEM's to try to compete. Many people think that the original Surface Pro release drove may OEMs to the produce chromebooks as a defensive move or to punish MS for competing. I think that the Surface Surcharge is about 20%. Thus, you need to compare 80% of the Surface price to what you think the value/market price should be. Generally, I think that the Surface prices are reasonable when you account for the Surface Surcharge. I am with you on price/value not being in my price price range. I will generally wait for the OEM versions. 0 5 hours ago Reply jlabelle of course brand matters. Also, based on what is this model overpriced? compared to what? could you give us some comparable hardware cheaper than that? Genuine question...    0 4 hours ago Reply techiez All these years we MS enthusiasts made fun of iFans and we use macs and iphone examples to justify this ridiculously high price which is not worthy of the product being offered. 0 15 hours ago Reply Steve Adams I still agree that macbooks and macs are overpriced,  because of the last generation hardware inside, and MacOS.   Both these should drop the price of a device,  not increase it.   1 12 hours ago Reply SvenJ I'm not actually sure Apple products, Macs, iPhones, etc, are really overpriced anymore. If you look at comparable devices in the market, they fall right in the price range. You do need to consider build quality, specs, easthetics, and customer service. The latter should figure into the price. It is an expense to the manufacturer and value aded to the consumer. Apple customer support has typically been deemed excellent, and I can coroborae that with personal experience.  MS has bee quite good in my experience as well, when I have had issues with MS hardware. That's not to say there aren't cheaper options. That doesn't make a product overpriced. It depends a lot on what the individual values, and whether that value is realized in the product in some way. Value is somewhat subjective. Consider that some much prefer MacOS to Windows (I'm not that guy). To those people, that significantly increass the value proposition for a Mac over any  Windows PC.   2 10 hours ago Reply Steve Adams Apple C/S is awesome...I agree.  I would probably be all in with mac devices except for the fact that MacOS is terrible.  It's not just bad,  it horrible.   1 9 hours ago Reply SvenJ See there, that opinion is clearly not shared by a lot of folks. Many of them think Windows sucks. I prefer Windows. MacOS makes me swear (how the heck do you...why the heck can't you...) but mostly because I am Windows conditioned I imagine.  0 2 hours ago Reply L0n3N1nja My $999 Surface 3 is the cheapest laptop I've ever purchased for myself, I've spend nearly $2500 on one before. $799 is low end price for premium hardware, this isn't a bulky plastic device with cheap display, mechanical hard drive, and budget processor. 4 21 hours ago Reply editguy It is actually low end.    -1 19 hours ago Reply arnoldandino I've been using that bad boy for about a year as well and it runs damn fine. I do everything on it. 5 1 day ago Reply remc86007 "With Onedrive storage is not a concern" ... oh how I long for placeholders so that statement would ring true. 3 1 day ago Reply SvenJ Just an FYI for everyone that is storage challanged. The OneDrive store app does cache your Onedrive architecture. It will show all your files on or off line, and if you are connected, will download and open what you click on. It is independent of the File Manager OneDrive which right now only shows what you have opted to sync.  My process, I keep what I need, sync'd via OneDrive in File Manager and access those files there. If I don't fnd it there I'll look for the file in the OneDrve app. If I'm not connected, I couldn't have gotten it even with placeholders, but If I am, I can get it, and potentially move that file to a folder that is sync'd, if I believe I'll need it more often. Do note that you do need to be connected and open the OneDrive app now and again to keep its cache updated.  1 9 hours ago Reply Steve Adams I am running a core M in my dell 2 in 1 and I find no lag at all,  I can edit photos and videos, I don't game,  so it works great.   I have a 2tb drive in mine.  so storage is not an issue either. 3 1 day ago Reply Geoffrey Turks  I most likely have the same Dell 2 in 1. Skylake Core m3, 4 GB of RAM. It's great. I can't play the high end AAA games like Gears of War 4,  but games like Phantom Dust and Halo Wars run perfectly. 5 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams Thats the one.  Now mine has the 2tb firecuda and 16gb ram in it....made a big difference!   Does your fan run alot?  and also, whats your battery life like? 0 12 hours ago Reply MarkDuignan I love my m3 sp4. It's a small laptop and a huge tablet, I use it mostly up close and personal as a tablet on my lap with typecover either removed or reversed, brightness at 100%, silent as the grave, zero moving parts. M3 skylake is a beast. 0 1 day ago Reply EspHack here's what you should get for 700$ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vo0nrLZ5Ew4 0 1 day ago Reply oftheterra As the Video states, it starts at $800. Also, here are all the sacrifices you make: * Surface Pro has faster CPUs - for example a i7-7660U @ 2.5 - 4.0Ghz, Eve V has i7-7Y75 @ 1.3 - 3.6Ghz (i5U is 9% faster @ capacity) * Surface Pro i7U has Iris Plus 640 Graphics @ 845 GFLOPs, Eve V i7Y has HD 615 Graphics @ 403 GFLOPs (i5U has 16% higher GFLOP capacity) * Surface Pro has 5MP Front + 8MP Rear cameras w/Hello support, Eve V has 2MP front + 5MP Rear (no Hello) * Surface Pro has full Surface Dial support, Eve V only supports rotation+clicking (no screen interactions) * Surface Pro has LTE and 1TB SSD options * Surface Pen has 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity, tilt, lower response time due to better screen hardware, Eve V stylus has 1024 levels * Eve V is 6% thicker and 10% heavier * Eve V has no Mini DisplayPort Not to say the Eve V doesn't excel in some areas: * USB-C / Thunderbolt ports * Fingerprint Hello sensor * BlueTooth 4.2 vs 4.1 7 1 day ago Reply John20212 "Not everyone is trying to play Forza Horizon 3 while running Visual Studio." You can't do that even on the $2.7K Surface Pro, LOL. --- I hate when reviewers try to justify crap small storage with something like "and with OneDrive storage is not a concern" YES, it is a concern, you can never compare local storage to someone elses cloud, now if you said you connect to your own NAS, then maybe; but even then you 'extra cloud' depends on you having access to a fast internet connection all the time, which many don't have.   -6 1 day ago Reply Daniel Rubino I hate when commenters assume what's not good for them means it's "crap". There's also the micro SD for storage if needed. Regardless, since it's not a gaming machine even I'm fine with 128GB of storage, so again, it's not "crap" just lower tier. Doesn't even matter because there are a billion other PCs and Surface clones on the market to meet everyone's needs. This one works for me, it works for others too. 9 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams I love the fact that when you comment on somehting you get downvoted by fanboys for no reason!  +1 for you daniel. -2 1 day ago Reply ED the new guy I agree with you Daniel Rubino that '128 GB of storage [is] not "crap", just lower tier' and that John20212's comment is invalid and unnecessarily inflammatory. However, John20212's comment on the other invalid items you posted (e.g. playing some game while developing) is valid. You wouldn't do that on the "high end" model of the Surface Pro either. The Surface Pro has a great stylus niche. If you have money to blow, it's fine for other tasks, but, if you don't have lots of money to burn, you can get better value (with comparable quality) merely by sacrificing the stylus or the brand name. Windows 10 is nothing special in terms of an interface so you get the same mediocre touch OS, whether you pay a lot for your computer or very little. -1 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams with storage options now,  as long as you have enough for your os and application setup its fine.  I have 500 gb HD sitting on my desk which is part of my travel setup.  I load all photos and videos I take on that,  using my RT device or my dell and it's all good.  upload to the cloud when I finish editing.  it's not a big deal as long as the device is smooth. 0 1 day ago Reply MarkDuignan Well said Daniel, let the begrudgers get the iPad "pro" base model, a measly 32Gb storage and no micro sd slot, an ARM processor, a giant smartphone...;) 2 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams The same argument can be made with the ipad pro too,  there is cloud storage,  so the space is needed for the amount of apps you would be using....not how much crap that can be stored.   Now,  I have the 128gb air 2,  I did not need the need to spend ALOT more on the pro.  I got the 128gb model because I travel ALOT and load books, and etc on it for times when planes don't have entertainment options.  Most of the time we fly westjet that has connect on board so I can access all my files etc so no big deal.   1 15 hours ago Reply L0n3N1nja I find 128Gb to be alot without installing games, I haven't filled my SP3 and I've got everything on it. Granted I do have over 200Gb worth of photos but that is on my desktop and backed up on an external drive. All my media is streamed now, I've got unlimited high speed data anywhere I go, 32Gb storage in the cheap Windows tablets is enough for my apps. 1 20 hours ago Reply sporosarcina I've got a 128GB S3 (yes the Atom) and storage is fine. I have full Office (enterprise), various professional apps (chemistry), and scripting environments (python and Haskell), plus about two dozen games. All my audio, video, and photo files are on a microSD. 1 13 hours ago Reply HHammack1 Daniel, an $800 PC in the year 2017 should not have only 4GB of RAM. RAM is the cheapest thing in the Surface Pro and the only reason Microsoft put 4GB of RAM is to try and get people to spend more money on the more expensive model with more RAM. Only 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage on a $1000 Surface laptop is even more of a ripoff. There's no excuse for it. Stop justifying it. Thurrott doesn't justify it, why are you? 1 7 hours ago Reply Paul Gorski IMHO... anyone needing a cheap PC for email, Elements, etc,. would be much better off with a CHEAPER (in many ways) Chuwi than overspending on this Microsoft hardware.  You will save around $600 and still be able to do the same as listed above.  That is the point, isn't it?  Would I rather have the M3 than a Chuwi?  You bet.  Is it worth it?   Only if you have money to burn.   1 1 day ago Reply sporosarcina Build quality means something. 1 13 hours ago Reply Kadcidxa I would buy if it came with the keyboard and pen for $799. 0 1 day ago Reply mtiede Fwiw, they were having a deal at the microsoft store when I bought one for the wife for $700 with keyboard and pen. 1 23 hours ago Reply sporosarcina Wait for the Costco bundle :) 1 13 hours ago Reply ED the new guy I am a great fan of the affordable high quality item. The m3 Surface Pro appears to fit that bill nicely, but, when I see this review I am just left shaking my head about the lack of critical thinking skills. "Students - Assuming price is not a top concern the Surface Pro with a Core m3 is ideal for class. Dropping $1k on a computer for those under 18 is always weird, but I see eight-year-olds on flights with their own iPad Pros, so there is a precedent." There is a major difference. An iPad Pro "just works". Windows 10 is not a well designed touch OS and to pretend like iOS and Windows are comparable for touch is disingenuous. My 4 and 6 year old sons are experienced on a wide variety of touch devices (iPads, iPhones, Android tablets, Android phones, Windows 10 tablets, Windows 10 desktops... no Macs). I am constantly amazed by how poorly designed Winidows is compared to even Android (which, itself is pretty mediocre). Windows 10 tablet mode gives my sons more headaches than all other devices put together even though that's the one they get to use most frequently so they should have the most skill with it. "Light computing - While shocking for some of our readers the fact is some people just want a light PC to check email, browse the web, watch Netflix, and Skype with family. Surface Pro with a Core m3 and 4GB of RAM is fine for this. Not everyone is trying to play Forza Horizon 3 while running Visual Studio. Indeed most people aren't." If you're looking for "light computing" you can get comparable build quality for less. Why would need a stylus-capable device to do all of the above? If that's what you're using the device for you're throwing your money away. Where I see the Surface Pro m3 shining is in the realm of stylus support--that's why you would shell out, even for the base model. That stylus is what turns a mediocre, over priced device into something compelling. It may not have the iPad Pro's software selection (which is a funny thing to say given that the mythology is that Windows has all the software... and, for some strange reason Windows 10 no longer has even a fraction of the software... most of the innovative stuff is happening on iOS), but, if you also have need for some desktop apps then the Surface Pro is a nice compromise between the elegance of the iPad Pro and the utility of a desktop OS. -6 1 day ago Reply SvenJ "It may not have the iPad Pro's software selection (which is a funny thing to say given that the mythology is that Windows has all the software... and, for some strange reason Windows 10 no longer has even a fraction of the software... "  Wait a minute. Windows has software that was developed before iOS was a gleam in Apple's eye. Most of the best still runs. Windows 10 did not loose all the legacy windows software, it added the store apps. Yes, not a glut of those, but Win 10 certainly isn't limited to them. I agree the stylus does present a pro in the value proposition. There is still more software available for Windows than iOS. especially if you include all the crap available for both. Sort of hard to prove though since there isn't one convenient place to count it all for Windows, like there is for iOS. There are most certainly applications that far surpass anything you can do on an iPad in both the Windows and MacOS environments. There darn sure wouldn't be any Apple fans still buying Macs, if iPads could do it all. 0 2 hours ago Reply MBY Kinda seems like the light computing case could really benefit from waiting for a Surface 5 - or whatever they wind up calling the first Surface with ARM. I use an S3 for some of the uses you describe (although not as many, of course) and the experience should certainly improve with instant on and the other Snapdragon features. 0 1 day ago Reply Daniel Rubino True, although we can only write about today what we know is here ;) I also think a Core m3 will still outperform a SD835/ARM, but that's what benchmarks are for and I can't wait to find out. Finally, if history tells us anything a new "Surface" (non-Pro) will be 10.1-inch, which is a different experience than Pro at 12.3. Either way, hope we get one, because I agree, it'd be a great light-computing machine. 4 1 day ago Reply MBY Agree with everything you said here. But that lower performance and smaller size could also be perfect for the student set. Well, and maybe they will also be drawn by other OEM "cellular PCs" with Windows 10S for a cheaper but still effective solution. 0 1 day ago Reply LouCap I used a Surface 3 (non pro) for a year as my "on the go" laptop when I didn't want to lug my MBP, or wanted the touch screen/tablet experience.  Unless I had a ton of windows open, it worked great for email, web surfing,  and word processing.  I was gonna wait for the new Surface 4 (non pro), but I got an amazing deal on an SP4 i7/16gb/1TB for about $600 off, so I just had to do it.  I've had it for a few months, and it's a beast.  I haven't used my i7 MBP since. 2 1 day ago Reply ananve Wow, LouCap. Amazing deal you have had. 1 23 hours ago Reply Steve Adams I can see why Lou,  I find MacOS terrible as an OS.  and Mac computers are far behind with no touch screen etc.  I would say your SP4 is twice the device a MBP is. 1 15 hours ago Reply ananve Nice point, an upvote from me Daniel. The Surface 3 in my hand has 10.8" though. So, the new Surface will be smaller? 1 23 hours ago Reply techiez BTW didnt see your comments on how MS called it the most versatile "laptop" and then decided to sell the type cover seperately. 0 15 hours ago Reply SvenJ You misunderstand. The new Surface is the most customer configurable laptop on the planet, as well as the most versitile. ;) 0 2 hours ago Reply Geoffrey Turks Even though Windows on ARM will be able to play Win32 programs, we don't know how Steam games will play. I like to download and play classic 360-era Steam games on my laptop. 2 1 day ago Reply Dont Fear the Future Me too. Hopefully we're not disappointed. 0 23 hours ago Reply sporosarcina I gotta figure a SD835, even in emulation, can outcompete the S3 and I run quite a few Steam/GOG games on there. Recent games like Civilization Beyond Earth, Disciples 3, etc. 0 13 hours ago Reply PachecoCorporationCeo Maybe my sister should get this. -3 1 day ago Reply Tiemen_S Well, of course it can still handle simple stuff. But I disagree with you that 799 without accessoiries is a low-end price point. It's the lowest pricing you can get for this Surface range, but that's far from low-end. There are much better bang-for-buck alternatives with comparable specs. It really is kind of a page out of Apple's playbook: you still pay quite a lot extra for the premium feel. Some people tend to neglect that even 100 on a 799(+acc) purchase is still quite a difference. If you would spend exactly the same money buying 799 or 699 devices in the long term, you can afford to trade up (much) more frequently. It's always the case that for 50 more you can bump some spec, but you have to draw the line. Perhaps you fell in love with it during its use, but it seems you give it slightly more credit than I would allow it to get.  0 1 day ago Reply Mark Holle As mentioned, $799 is the low end for an actual Surface device. Their are a lot of pretenders to the thrown but none have matched the quality and user experience that MS has crafted with the Surface line. If you want to go into the sub-$500 realm, you will find lots of players AND a ton of compromises. If you can get the Microsoft experience on 80-90% of your usage, why not if you have something to cover the other 10-20%? Especially when it is whisper quiet without the constant fan noise to drive you crazy. Again, mileage will vary but not everyone needs a Corvette... 4 1 day ago Reply Sin Ogaris Yeah that WiFi quality was top notch on the Surface products. 0 3 hours ago Reply finbaar Just because you don't need a large amount of grunt under the hood doesn't mean that you don't want a nice but of hardware to do your browsing or to check your emails. Yes you can get something much more powerful for the same price but it wouldn't be a SP and if you don't need the extra power why get it.? 1 1 day ago Reply Protocol Rahul I came here to say it sucks, as my pro 3 with i3, 4gb gives up with 20 odd chrome tabs(youtube etc), or heavy file uploads to cloud. Then I realize I have probably started to ask for more than I did when I bought it initially. But on the side note, edge ends up taking more ram than chrome on my typical use, save battery or not, it's just slow(for me). -3 1 day ago Reply ananve Core i3 in pro 3 and core M3 in pro 4 are very different, you knew that right? 2 23 hours ago Reply sporosarcina Twenty tabs with video is not a low end scenario. 0 13 hours ago Reply George Ponder I also have the M3 Surface Pro and agree with Dan. It's a great computer for on the go and I've really enjoyed having it around for when I'm working from the car, need to pack light for an overnight trip or any other situation when I don't want to lug around the 15.6" laptop. I get about 6 hours of battery life and really haven't noticed any issues with the M3 and 4GB RAM. I run everything from Microsoft Office apps to Photoshop Elements to games on the M3 Surface Pro. If I need to go online while out and about, I simply connect to my Windows Phone's hotspot. Sure, I'd like a larger HD but with the expansion slot the 128GB does just fine. Would like to see Microsoft move to a USB-C charging port and maybe a second USB slot, but neither are deal breakers. If you are on a tight budget, the M3 is a great option to consider. 4 1 day ago Reply ananve Nice ecosystem you have there. Surface and windows phone. 1 23 hours ago Reply JaimitoFrog Got the lower spec SP4 for gf, no issues at all for the type of things she does. Netflix, email, surf. For simple uses, it is just fine. The price you pay for a low end model is the build quality and design. Like buying a stripped down BMW rather than the M version, it can be anemic, but still feels premium in build quality. You can get faster tablets for cheaper, but the surface pro design is what sets it apart. 1 1 day ago Reply jlabelle It is far from anemic. Indeed, before it throttles, it is nearly as fast as a core i5 and as powerful as a core i5 SP3 (2 generation old). My son changed its Asus for a SP4 m3. He uses it for Store app (Zonos, MyTube..) but need also to use ChessBase, the chess program of reference where you need power for 10-20s when the computer calculates the combinations and the m3 is doing wonder. Also, no, you do not get faster tablet for really cheaper, that is the point. It is extremely competitive for the price, especially considering the quality. 1 17 hours ago Reply jason hendry1 unfortunately without a mobile phone offering I'm now on android and will be getting a galaxy tab 3s. Id love a surface pro for video and that stand lol but truth is I don't feel microsoft is at a stage where I can support their products again, maybe if they show they support products beyond 3 years like the 930 and maybe if they give Lumia or windows mobile users the same 100gig free one drive storage and get app store up to date ill try again but no google apps, paypal left recently as did ebay and myfitnesspal, never mind the bank apps missing and Vodaphone in uk too its hard to see a lot of people in my position survive with the windows 10 Envoirnment, even if it has some great things. Id defo want a core m3 over a pro if battery life is a lot better as my priority for the surface is exactly what you said. -1 1 day ago Reply ananve Erm, I don't know where to start replying to you. So many things are wrong or out of topic here jeez... 0 23 hours ago Reply SvenJ Not sure what MS's issues in the mobile space have to do with Surface. It's is doing well, the product line is expanding, it runs Windows, which isn't going anywhere.  I guess you are in a position where you don't need many 'Windows' applications, save the few MS makes for Android, an Android phone, and a bigger Android not-a- phone will suite you. 0 1 hour ago Reply Nazir Taib Nice article 0 1 day ago Reply n8ter#AC It doesn't matter how many use the pen. Many people buy the Galaxy Note "because of the S Pen" and they never used it. I know I barely used mine except as a "finger" when I had gloves on. The pen served as a means to rope in more users. There's a huge difference between: 1. How many people use the Surface Pen, and 2. How many people brought the Surface because of the Pen, regardless of whether or not they use it. Without the pen being bundled, the price of the machine balloons by over 10% for those who want it, which means instead of wasting the money on the pen, they could have instead been upgrading to a better SKU. Same for the keyboard. Because someone has to pay $250+ for a Pen and Keyboard, they are getting an underpowered m3 device instead of an i5 with more RAM. At that point, why even bother with the device, at all? What Premium Laptop in this day and age ships with 4GB RAM, and isn't a Chromebook? Don't point to Apple. Literally all of their laptops have been 8GB base for a while, now. I would never touch this underpowered machine for $799. Sometime brand ceases to matter, and you [need to] realize [when] you're being fleeced. 0 1 day ago Reply ananve You must not live on the same planet as us. There are plenty of machine with 2-4GB RAM. 2 23 hours ago Reply Steve Adams exactly.  My wifes dell 11 3000 2 in 1 has 4 gb of ram.   While I want to bump it to 8,  I cannot.  But I will be adding a firecuda! 1 5 hours ago Reply Awhispersecho I bought this model from Best Buy when it was bundled with the Alcantera keyboard for 599.99. I absolutely love it. I really liked my Surface 3 but I really love The M3 SP4. I still use my HP 17" laptop for certain things and my gaming machine is another thing entirely but I use this SP3 more than all my other devices. When I just want to browse the web, go to youtube, check my email and all my general PC uses, this is what I turn to, I frequently have 10-12 tabs open at a time in Edge along with my Email and have zero issues. Even now, with the new models announced, I highly recommend it. In fact, with the discounts you will be able to get on it, I recommend it even more now than I did before. 2 1 day ago Reply Zachary Boddy That's when I bought it. It was a budget thing. I would've loved to get a nicer one but I couldn't pass up that deal. 2 1 day ago Reply Zachary Boddy My Pro 4 m3 does me just fine, but I am confined by that processor. I bought the m3 because of price but the perfect Pro for me would've been the midrange Core i5/8GB/256GB. I don't need a hyper computer but the Core m3 isn't quite enough. 1 1 day ago Reply Remy_S I've used the SP4 with Core m3 for more than a year now, and I have no complaints regarding it's computing power. It's very smooth with all types of light office tasks. Even does light image jobs and casual games well (No, you can't expect to play first person shooters on any of the pro tablets). I even use it for CAD work when I don't have access to my main PC, although it's a lot less smooth, it's perfectly doable. 2 1 day ago Reply sporosarcina I'm surprised how many people write off the low end. I've been using the Surface 3 for a couple of years now as my on the go machine. I have a dedicated game machine that can handle all the heavy lifting, but can't beat the S3 for my coffee shop, lab bench, teaching machine. 1 1 day ago Reply Keith Wallace If I were still a student, I wouldn't ever consider a Surface myself. You're likely getting a primary computer in that case, plus $800 for the Surface we're examining is way too high when that can easily get you into an i5 device from another hardware maker. I still would like to find a good mobile computer to supplement my desktop, but rarely see a compelling offering. The m3 Surface just seems a total non-starter when the same price gets you much better specs from the competition. If this were in a $500-600 non-Pro successor, I'd like it. At $800, plus a keyboard for another $130, it's nuts. 1 1 day ago Reply ananve Black Friday deal is the goto place I think. It's normally the cheapest time of the year. 1 23 hours ago Reply Keith Wallace The problem is that the competition puts stuff on sale as well. The m3 might drop $100-150, but so will the i5 machines that are already a better deal. 1 5 hours ago Reply StudentoflifeUSMC Depends on the type of student. My Surface Pro (old) was indispensible during medical school. Being able to go from drawing a lewis structure to typing symptoms to photographing physiology to writing out a chemical equation was an invaluable time-saver.  And I now live/work in a college town, so I see a lot of students. Many of them have surfaces, and most are in STEM programs. It just makes life easier to be able to annotate notes, especially being most of the teachers now give them digitally via email nowadays. So if you're a medical student, or a chemistry/mathematics/physics/engineering major, I could absolutely see the benefit even at the increased cost.  Accounting or English? No, not so much.  2 21 hours ago Reply Keith Wallace If you're big on things that involve drawing, I guess, but that software MIGHT also not love the m3 guts, forcing you to the i5 version anyway (making this article moot). We have a bunch of Surfaces at my work as well. At least 5 people have the SP3, at least 2 have the SP4, one has an original SP (which is on its way out), a couple have either a SP3 or a SP4 (can't remember which), then we have some external employees with a SB and a couple of SP3s or 4s, with another couple possibly getting the newest one. We get 2-3/year, basically. Personally, I don't get why. None of them use the pen. Now, the 3 guys woh work in the field have some extra use because of the portability and tablet functionality, but I think most of them would be happier with something in a hybrid design, rather than having the floppy, detachable keyboard of the Surface. Just isn't sturdy enough for my liking. Your major examples, again, I think warrant better internals than you'll get from this article's SP4--you will want the i5 model and the 8 GB of RAM. Personally, as an IT employee myself, I'd rather go to ASUS or Dell (because the business practices of HP and Lenovo have driven me away entirely) and get something with a bigger screen and more sturdy layout.   1 5 hours ago Reply jlabelle what comparable 2-in-1 do you know that cost 600$, have an active digitizer, a high resolution / high quality screen and as light / thin with a core i5? i think you are living in wonder land... 0 3 hours ago Reply ananve I would like to thank Daniel for writing this master editorial piece. It offers insights and it comes from real usage over a period of time. It has lots of arguments too. It's not for everyone, for sure, but it will be the right machine for many. 1 23 hours ago Reply zigzagr63 We have one and it is rather smooth 2 23 hours ago Reply HHammack1 Microsoft has no business putting only 4GB and 128GB of storage in an $800 tablet. They do that to try and get people to spend more for the $1300 model and it's a ******, anti-consumer practice that Apple used to engage in and it needs to stop. The base Surface Pro should have 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. It's no different with the Surface Laptop. Putting only 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage in a $1000 laptop is downright idiotic. -2 22 hours ago Reply sporosarcina W10 works really well at 4GB for casual use. Outside of games/AV editing above basic you won't see a huge effect for most users to 8GB, and 128GB for programs, with a good microSD (really cheap) can handle media storage. 0 7 hours ago Reply Reynaldo Navedo Honestly, I have had a SP3, a SB and now a Spectre x360 (2017) which I am in love with. They are all great capable and versatile products but if I do have to pick one, I will go with the SB. Technology is expensive, and you get what you pay for. Is not until you give a chance and embrace new Microsoft ecosystem like the convertible laptops until you find the real value of it and remind yourself what are you capable of do with a computer, dropping off your phone. Microsoft just inspired me in so many ways with the surface line products and now I have learn about digital animation, digital painting and video editing with a few projects running on. It's about give it a chance before criticizing, I know apple has great products, but I found more value on Windows laptops and as of know I stick with it. Let's see what the future departs., 2 22 hours ago Reply hmmm No one. It's just too hit a price point for advertising. Same reason no keyboard is included. 0 21 hours ago Reply dibsbibs Have a Core m5 2 in 1 detachable and it'll occasionally struggle when there are a lot of apps open or a lot of tabs open in Firefox or Chrome. I agree with the article in that low spec'd 2 in 1s have a place for some people and I myself have an i7 laptop if I want more grunt. Couldn't justify carrying around a heavy and large 'beast' (compared to my 2 in 1) with my physically active lifestyle when I only need to do light computing most of the time 2 19 hours ago Reply kobe_mvp I am still using my pro 2 i5 4GB 1 19 hours ago Reply davo_svk I have surface pro 3 i5 with 4GB RAM, And I using CAD programs and playing games like CS-GO on it. So it is still good option if u dont want to spend much €€€ :-) 1 17 hours ago Reply JeyJeykoSK I personally have the SP4 m3. Light gaming like LoL with no problem even on native resolution. And for the rest...taking it to school is easy and light in the bag. Writing notes and drawing different calculations, etc. is a great experience with the pen. I can also take it in the hand without keyboard and use it easily when there is no desk. Edge working great with more tabs and I still get that 5-6 hours. And of course, fast response without the noise of fans...awesome. I must say inkscape, gimp working flawless on it. 3 13 hours ago Reply Sabbath Elisha Felix Anyone tried Microsoft flow on WM 10.. Help me I want an automatic trigger to notify me about weather everyday.. Thanks 🙂 0 10 hours ago Reply SvenJ I think it might be a different assessment if the M3 was your only PC. I have a Surface 3, and it is perfectly fine for 90% of the stuff I (personally) need to do. Might be fine for 100%, but I haven't had to test that. I'm not a gamer at all, meaning solitaire (the MS collection) is plenty for me. I have a couple of things like Asphalt 8 and Hydro Thunder loaded, and they seem just fine to me. So you can play games. That likely puts me into some smaller demographic.  It wouldn't surprise me if there are a lot of people who would be 100% fine with what you can do on the lowest end Surface. Those folks would probably be fine on a much lower priced Windows PC or even an iPad for that matter. Just because they could, doesn't mean they should. There are alot of benefits to a Surface that may or may not figure into the value proposition for any particular user. If you want Windows vs iOS, that immediately excludes Apple. MS has a decent reputation for Customer Service, and some (not all) of the new, lower priced, clone companies haven't established that yet.  The type of Customer Service you can expect may be indicated in the price. The Surface is a solid piece of hardware and still exceptionally light and portable. Going cheaper often means bigger, heavier, plastic. Screen resolution often suffers with lower price points. Having a hardware connected keyboard does offer advantages to solely BT in some cases, and the Surface leyboards and trackpads are really good. So I'm not sure why there seemed to be a need to defend the M3 Surface. It is a fine product, that fits a lot of people's needs at a price point that is reasonable if you value what you are getting. You can get something for less and if the tradeoff's don't matter to you, you win. If you value what you are getting for what you paid for it, you win. You can't tell me I overpaid for my Surface, because you paid less for your Dell.    5 9 hours ago Reply Esben Dalsgaard This article is very useful :-). To the discussion about the pricepoint for the m3 Surface, it is worth saying that the Surface pro 4 m3 model has had a huge price cut since the launch of the new Surface pro. In my country (Denmark) you can get pro 4 m3 model for 5698 dkk (original price 7699 dkk). This is roughly equal to a 200 $ price cut, and this makes the Surface pro 4 model cheaper than the HP x 2 and the Huawei Mate book (also 2 in 1 with m3 processors) 1 4 hours ago Reply plasmid_uk I have the Surface Pro "4" with the Core M3 and 4GB of RAM. I use this as a secondary device for doing my daily chores such as checking my emails, surfing the web etc. Also for music, videos and some light work gaming when I'm not playing Battlefield on my gaming rig. Let me tell you this, RAM is not an issue. CPU is not an issue, except for this site. Sorry, I really do love this site, I do but just loading this article causes 100% CPU usage for a good 5 seconds. Yes we all know the problem is the ads, but it's still broken and the only way I can get around this is to use your app. 1 2 hours ago Reply april1dorlarpor Several Core i7 laptops? Wish I had a laptop 😥 1 1 hour ago Reply april1dorlarpor Several Core i7 laptops? Wish I had a laptop 1 1 hour ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature A wealth of splendid 2016-17 games for the lousiest of hardware Home Featured Articles Prey 13 recent games that run well on terrible laptops By Alec Meer on May 25th, 2017 at 5:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit 1 of 14 ‘Terrible’ only in the sense of their gaming capability. Honestly, I’m sure your laptop is lovely to look at and it was definitely a extremely sensible idea to spend all that money on it instead of buying a holiday or helping to save the pandas. Truth is, though, that playing recently-released games on the vast majority of laptops is about as effective as starting an online petition to uncancel your favourite television show. A little discretion goes a long way, however. Sure, you may be denied the glossiest of exploding viscera, but it is entirely possible to keep up with the Joneses even on a Terrible Laptop that has no dedicated graphics card. Here are but twelve contemporary games – either recently released or still-evolving going concerns – that will indeed run on your glammed-up toaster. Additional suggestions below are entirely welcome. The exact definition of a Terrible (for gaming) Laptop clearly differs, but for the sake of argument, my test system has a dual-core cpu that runs at between 1.9 and 2.9GHz depending on load and heat (and thermal throttling to prevent overheat means it’s usually the former figure) and Intel HD 4400 integrated graphics, which borrows memory from the laptop’s 8GB of RAM. Absolutely fine for general purpose computing then, but as useful as a mohawk on a lobster when it comes to games. The Intel graphics on your Terrible Laptop may well have a lower or higher-sounding number than that, but in most cases don’t expect a great deal of variance. In some cases, though you might get excited about the mention of your laptop having AMD or NVIDIA graphics in it, the chip in question could still be so lowly as to offer you few extra options – and, as such, you are still the proud owner of a Terrible Laptop. As for performance, my criteria is a game that looks and feels playable at lowest settings and a resolution of 1280×720. Depending on the exact nature of the game in question and of your own Terrible Laptop, you may be able to go a bit higher than that. Oh, and ‘playable’ here means a minimum of 30 frames per second. Some games, particularly turn-based ones, are absolutely fine at lower than that, but 30 is our benchmark for this piece. Onto the games, anyway. Use the arrow keys above/below the images to navigate the list, or the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 56 Comments 25/05/2017 at 17:06 Ben Damage says: ROCKET LEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAGGGGUE!! Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:35 criskywalker says: OMG! OMG! OMG! Rocket League is one of the best games ever! You should really play it if you haven’t yet. So amazing. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:34 napoleonic says: I played it for a few hours on its recent free weekend. What’s the point? It’s just random. The ball rolls around the side of the arena with everyone chasing it, and when it passes a goalmouth occasionally it flukes in. I don’t get the appeal. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 10:48 ZippyLemon says: You have much to learn, young padawan. Log in to Reply 04/06/2017 at 03:45 monojoli says: what is the best game for resolution of 1280×720. Free Run 3 Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:16 theallmightybob says: really… a slide show. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:31 FrumiousBandersnatch says: Yes, i always wonder why they do this. Having all entrys on a single page (or a few pages in case of the really long ones) would be so much better. Must be an advertisement thing. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:35 theallmightybob says: Its honestly not what I’ve come to expect from this site, its just a little surprising. I understand it likely is to improve the article to advert ratio, but its annoying as hell to do to a list… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:20 April March says: I doubt it’s an advertising thing, because it doesn’t reload the page between slides, so they aren’t getting additional views. That or I’m really dumb about how it works. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 11:37 Rack says: They’re almost certainly working on the back end so it will get extra impressions. Just the content was available before the tech was. No-one WANTS the content to be harder to access and less portable. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:06 Chaoslord AJ says: Maybe it’s for mobile devices like all the horizontal videos over the web lately? Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 23:03 poliovaccine says: Fwiw, I first found this site by googling “best [genre here] games on pc,” and finding some lists of theirs like this. Stayed for the writing, of course, but it may well be a goldmine of SEO hits. Also yeah, I almost always read this site on mobile, and in that format, A.) I’ve always seen RPS do slideshows, and B.) it’s never bothered me. I dont see any extra ads – if they occur at the bottom of the screen, whatever, I dont see em. Hope RPS gets the teenths of a penny per view anyway. But scrolling on mobile gets finicky the longer the page, and having all these items in one page would be annoying to scroll through on a phone. I do think it’d make a good option at the start, an alt view that’s all in one like that, for those who’d rather it, but from a mobile perspective I dont mind their slideshows a bit. It’s not like they’re yr average copy-paste-from-reddit clickbait with a Next button that loads below a big ad that deforms the page in hopes you accidentally click on it – like I say, I see less ads in a slideshow than I do in a regular article, cus they’re all at the bottom, I just pass em omw to comments, if ever. Idk how it appears on a PC to be perfectly fair, but equally so, I wouldnt say this is some egregious, clickbaity practice here. I get the pavlovian response against slideshows, but to me the usual complaints dont register in this case. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:09 someoneelse84 says: I’m not one to normally complain. Having said that… The real thing that bugs me about the slideshow format is the lack of closure to the article. There’s no “You know guys, I learned something today…” It’s like there’s no cigarette after sex. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 06:36 Eater Of Cheese says: The zaibatsu tick embedded in the RPS hivemind is twitching its monetisation sickle-talons, no doubt… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 07:50 Snargelfargen says: This is a funny pun, intentional or no. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:22 Danarchist says: Empyrion works well on crap rigs as well. Although I guess its not released yet so…theres that Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:26 Moulinette says: League of Legends came out in 2009. 8 years ago is recent? Ok Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:28 Chaoslord AJ says: I’d add the original Skyrim then, ran terrific on this old shell even without SSD. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:07 Fomorian1988 says: I suspect any lo-fi indie game will run on most laptops. VA-11 HALL-A, Papers Please, the Cube Escape games, any game by Kitty Horrorshow, Oxenfree, Sunless Sea… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:54 Barts says: Oxenfree actually run like crap on integrated graphic cards. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a lovely game, but I bought based on your assumption and had to postpone playing until I get a decent rig. So I’m sharing this here so that noone else makes the same mistake. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:19 nottorp says: Just stay away from indies made in Unity – even if they look lo fi, at the least they’ll put your laptop in screaming vacuum cleaner mode. Back when the “new” x-com 1 was new, i used to get 50% more battery life and less fan noise than any random Unity indie when playing it. And it’s still 3D. Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 22:54 poliovaccine says: Yknow, I never realized it, but that’s super true. In fact I tend to whack down settings further than I need for smooth visual performance, cus I specifically want to chase down that horrific sound of whining, straining effort. Hadnt put it together but yeah, the first three games I can think of like that are Unity. Seems like even when CryEngine chugs it doesnt whine, ditto UE4. It’s certainly a hit or miss thing – I mean Prey is running beautifully for me, on Medium settings. A topdown isometric shouldnt run worse than that. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:14 CelticPixel says: My laptop’s bust at the moment, so I’m doing all my gaming on a Surface Pro 4. Eve Online looks and runs great on it and Killing Floor 2 is surprisingly playable at the lowest settings, with the odd bit of slowdown. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:34 particlese says: Another for the list is RPS’s own bestest best game of 2016, Devil Daggers. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:41 GeoX says: Seriously, you take the trouble to make this list, and then you include 2-D indie games that it’s transparently obvious would run well on any computer? What value did you think you were creating by putting something like that into the world, exactly? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:18 someoneelse84 says: I’m pretty sure the the point of the list was to highlight recently released titles that would run well on a non-gaming laptop. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:22 GeoX says: Yes, thank you for answering a question I didn’t ask. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:35 lasikbear says: I think he was answering a question you implicitly asked, regarding the value of creating a list highlighting recently released titles that would run well on a non-gaming laptop. Log in to Reply 29/05/2017 at 19:39 Kala says: u mad, bro? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 20:21 Nauallis says: Get triggered, bro. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 05:57 GeoX says: ? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:36 criskywalker says: I have to add Thimbleweed Park. Such a great game that is not demanding at all. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:55 dongsweep says: Great article, hope you keep it updated every few weeks or months. I preordered the surface pro 5 and am excited to use it for streaming PS4 and some good old rimworld but these add some additional possibilities to the mix! Thanks Alec! Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:06 ooshp says: I use my sp4 extensively for rocket league, gamecube & wii games on the go. A wireless controller, display port adapter & hdmi cable + pretty much any hotel room and you’re sorted. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 20:44 tehfish says: Ooh, caught me offguard with the Prey entry there. I’m currently loaning my new GPU to my brother, so i’m rocking my old 6950 GPU at the mo, which is well below the listed minimum specs so i had discarded that as an option for now. But if it’ll somewhat run on an intel IGP it’ll run on that for sure… Would mean tearing myself away from Rimworld though :P Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:20 Expose Gaming1 says: Wow, two of my favorite game are on this list. Rocket League and League of Legends. I am surprised at some of these picks, like Prey and Elder Scroll Online, I thought you need an amazing PC to run these. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:22 torkan217 says: An older workstation at much lower price will get you decent specs, especially cpu’s like the qm line which perform on par with some modern cpus in the passmark tests. I’ve got a Dell Precision m4600, 15.6″, 1080p, i7-2620m@2.7ghz/3.4 turbo dual core, 8GB RAM, quadro 1000m 2GB. From what I saw on the web the quadro 1000m is 20% overall less than an hd 4400. Most reviewers don’t even try newer or games perceived to be too demanding, this is a serious error. 30+ FPS means over 30 in normal play and usually above this up to 45 FPS. Call Of juarez Gunslinger, 1080p, 30-45, avg settings MGSV Phantom Pain, 30+, low/med settings, 1280×720, still looks really good MGS Ground Zeroes, 30, low settings, 1280×720, constant weather hurts it somewhat Fallout New Vegas Utlimate, 1080p, 35+, low/med settings Company of Heroes 1, 1080p, med settings, 35+ Dirt 3, med/high, 1080p, 30+ always WRC 4, med, 1080p, 30+ Infra, med 1080p, 30-40 Grid, med/high, 1080p, 35+ Need For Speed Hot Pursuit/NFS 11, 1600×900, 35+, med Skyrim, low/med, 1080p, 30+ Resident Evil REvelations, low/med, 1600×900, 40fps+ Deus Ex HR, low/med, 1600×900, 35+ Witcher 3, ultra low preset mod file, ~30 FPS, 1280×720 Arkham City, 1600×900, 35+, low/medium Fallout 4 was in the less than 20fps lowest settings, unplayable NierA, less than 20fps lowest, unplayable Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:34 left1000 says: dead cells should not be on this list. although it looks like it doesn’t require a fancy gpu, and I’m sure it doesn’t. It’s poorly optimized and lags on non-topoftheline cpu’s. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 22:02 Bernardo says: Yes, I’m having the same problem. It bugs me a bit, because I love to play these games when travelling and have only my work laptop with me. To be fair, the game gives you a warning that it’s not optmised for Intel cards, and hints at future optimisation. So there’s still hope. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:49 HoboDragon says: Motorsport Manager, esp. in the 2D mode runs well. Almost any 2D, pseudo 3D “pixel-art” game will run well (as already mentioned Stardew Valley), e.g. To The Moon, Crypt of the Necrodancer, Duskers, Terraria, Dungeon of the Endless, or older games such as SW KOTOR1/2…. (most games RPS recommended if I recall :-D) Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 22:06 Bernardo says: Recent Games that run smoothly or at least reasonably well on my integrated Intel HD 4400 Ultrabook not on this list: Salt and Sanctuary Shrouded in Sanity Order of Battle Thea: The Awakening Pillars of Eternity Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 23:05 Bernardo says: Not that recent, but Legend of Grimrock 1 and 2 also work like a charm (medium setings). Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:21 April March says: That Prey screenshot looks like it’s from a Prey tribute mod for Deus Ex. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:30 poliovaccine says: As an owner of a terrible laptop, longtime lover of the immersive sim (since way before we had that term, i.e. back when Deus Ex looked like Deus Ex), and someone who’d previously ogled at Prey but felt forlornly resigned to spend the next year or so admiring it on others’ rigs from afar, I can safely say I care not an ass! That was some exciting news to me. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:58 Barts says: I played these on my Dell Latitude E7250 and I highly recommend them: Darkest Dungeon Sunless Sea Invisible Inc. Faster Than Light Rain World Duskers Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 10:10 ropeladder says: Another option is to just to play newer games on the lowest possible resolution. Speeds them way up and gives them a charming retro feel. How did that old quote go? “640×480 ought to be enough pixels for anybody.” Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:25 Chaoslord AJ says: Prey is the only entry that surprised me. Most indie games aren’t graphic fiestas and shouldn’t really need much performance. Same goes for mobile ports. Or anything not asking for x64 architecture specifically could run on obsolete hardware. Cartoon graphic adventures? Some developers can’t optimize them even for sota-gaming rigs but it’s not the fault of the hardware really. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:32 Chaoslord AJ says: Also: Path of Exile Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 16:25 Kitano1314 says: hi, laptop users should also consider : Pillars of Eternity, Shadowrun: Dragonfall, Panzer Corps, all the Paradox 4x’s, War in the East, Factorio, Battle Brothers, Tales of Maj Eyal, Pike and Shot, Medieval TW 2 and Starbound to name a few. Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 01:23 Thirdrail says: I would really like to check this out, but you did it as an obnoxious slide show so instead I’m just going to leave. Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 06:58 Lurid says: What about a laptop that overheats and shuts itself off if it runs minecraft for more than 10 minutes? Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 16:48 Hammer1649 says: Perhaps asking the laptop really nicely? Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 14:02 Skales says: Did this guy even play stellaris for longer than first hour? Log in to Reply 28/05/2017 at 17:59 Nixitur says: A recent game that I really like is Cosmic Star Heroine. To my surprise, it ran entirely smoothly on my potato of a laptop which is far worse than what Alec described as “terrible” in the article. Definitely worth a look if you like turn-based RPGs. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes came out in late 2015, is lovely, hilarious and runs well enough on that, too. Khimera: Destroy All Monster Girls is an exceedingly good 2D platformer. Not a fan of the artstyle, personally, but the strength of the gameplay made it very easy for me to look past that. Also, it’s free. VA-11 HALL-A is a cyberpunk bartending simulator with lovely characters and a fantastic soundtrack. Since it’s a visual novel, it running smoothly on terrible laptops is no surprise. And for those who think it “obvious” that 2D indie games would run flawlessly on laptops, I would like to point out that <a href="link to store.steampowered.com is very deliberately not on that list. It’s a fantastic game, don’t get me wrong, but it runs much slower than it’s supposed to on my laptop. That makes the game much easier. Log in to Reply 28/05/2017 at 18:05 Nixitur says: Somehow messed up the link there and ran out of editing time. That was supposed to be Downwell, must have messed up a closing bracket. Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 22:25 poliovaccine says: Donno if it’s been said here already, or if this is too late for anyone to even read it, but upon discovering it works, I’m too excited not to share myself: Resident Evil 7! On a terrible laptop with an integrated Intel HD gfx card! Gotta whack down the resolution but it damn well plays! I had longed for that game but never thought my system might be able to handle it, so wrote it off til an upgrade. But then I found it has a demo – demo works a trick. Proceeding to get the full thing! Woop! Never would’ve thought to try, if not for Prey being in this list. Gotta thank RPS (again) for that one. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags American Truck Simulator, Dead Cells, Dota 2, feature, Hardware, League of Legends, Night in the Woods, Planescape: Torment: Enhanced Edition, Prey, RimWorld, Rocket League, Scanner Sombre, Stardew Valley, Stellaris, Stellaris: Utopia, The Elder Scrolls Online, The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind. Search for clues News and things Brigador: Up-Armored Edition ‘relaunches’ the mech combat game Taking the mech The Long Journey Home gets easier in ‘Story Mode’ Blast off Gears of War 4 getting Horde Mode update and free trial Chainsaw massacre ’90s RPG Silver slashes its way onto Steam Party like it's 1999 And much more… Tim Schafer tells the story of Amnesia Fortnight Ideas generation Free Loaders: Spruce up dead planets as little green men The best free games of the week Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Jakkar : “A difficult child. Hard to love. It took persistence, and several tries, before I clicked ...” on Brigador: Up-Armored Edition ‘relaunches’ the mech combat game Solrax : “Thank you for this! I too was wondering what the actual gameplay was like.” on Wot I Think: The Long Journey Home RichUncleSkeleton : “And Steam isn't in the business of distributing commercially unviable games (and game-adjacent software). Artsy ...” on Valve confirm Steam Direct publishing fee: $100 ezbez : “I agree with this sentiment - it hardly seems more interesting than opening the map ...” on Club a penguin: Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator out of early access HigoChumbo : “The closest I can think of is the combat in Mount&Blade and the like. Maybe ...” on ’90s RPG Silver slashes its way onto Steam Why do we spend time playing games we don't like? Looking at the data behind bad games Total War: Warhammer 2 is taking everything further Lizards riding dinosaurs How Little Nightmares' horrible characters were animated The long arm of the maw How To Get Old Skyrim Saves Working In The Skyrim Special Edition How to fix Skyrim SE save crashes Northwest Passages: Sailing into Terror Bay I wish I was in Sherbrooke now Have You Played… Planetside 2? I can do anything better Vanu The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. The Flare Path: Do & Don't #10 Sim sins unforgiven Best PC gaming deals of the week Neo Geo classics and Rising Storm 2 The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island Wot I Think: gorgeous combat-free action puzzler RiME Many reasons to Rime How Edith Finch's most memorable scene works On fish and fairytales The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Have You Unleashed… Rat Chaos? Winner winner, chicken dinner Pride vs overheating: a story about PCs Never stop never stopping How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 Unknown Pleasures: 10 lower-profile new Steam games Wheat from chaff Wot I Think: Tokyo 42 Monument Miami All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 2357 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.150% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip World   A fighter of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) waves a flag as they celebrate in the city of Mosul, Iraq June 23, 2014. REUTERS/Stringer.    Jihadis Celebrate Deadly London Terror Attacks Online Ryan Pickrell China/Asia Pacific Reporter 10:30 PM 06/03/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Islamic State sympathizers are reportedly celebrating the latest attacks to shake the United Kingdom online. Attackers slammed a van into pedestrians on London Bridge late Saturday evening. The incident was immediately followed by a string of stabbings at Borough Market nearby. Pro-ISIS channels are heralding the attacks as “the black days we’ve promised” and are anticipating an ISIS claim, reports the SITE Intel Group, which monitors jihadi activity worldwide. 6)Pro-#ISIS channels continue to celebrate #LondonAttack as”the black days we’ve promised”,the wolves have awakened”responding to ISIS calls pic.twitter.com/4uqWKBHEAt — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) June 4, 2017 ISIS claimed responsibility for the bombing in Manchester that killed almost two dozen people and injured numerous others. In the wake of the attack, ISIS warned that “what comes next will be more severe on the worshipers of the Cross and their allies,” and in this month’s magazine, ISIS said that another terrorist attack in Britain was inevitable. No specific group has announced that it was behind the London attacks, yet ISIS sympathizers have been celebrating for hours. 2)No claim reg #LondonBridge, but #ISIS accounts are celebrating the attack similar to after #manchesterattack: Publishing images, warnings pic.twitter.com/998B8zviZd — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) June 3, 2017 Pro-ISIS accounts were particularly active in the immediate aftermath of the Manchester attack as well. Sympathizers encouraged jihadis to “hunt your prey” in the U.K. Follow Ryan on Twitter Send tips to ryan@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Islamic State, London, Manchester Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Here's what to expect from Apple’s big event next week — iOS 11, MacBooks, iPads and more Todd Haselton CNBC June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s going to have a lot of big news to share next week. The company's developer conference, known as WWDC, kicks off with a keynote on Monday at 10 a.m. PST, when we expect Apple to discuss new hardware and software. This is the time of year when Apple typically unveils new software that will power its upcoming Macs, iPhones and iPads — but we may also get a taste of new products we've never seen before. iOS 11 and macOS It's almost a certain that Apple will reveal its new iOS 11 operating system ahead of its new iPhone launch later this fall. The tech giant typically unveils the fresh version of iOS during WWDC and then runs it through developer testing to around September when it pushes it out for everyone to use. Little is known about what Apple will include in iOS 11, but we're hoping to see improvements to Siri, which has started to lag behind competitors like Google Assistant and even Amazon Alexa. Apple will also likely unveil the next version of macOS. The current version, macOS Sierra, was introduced last year when Apple officially departed from the "OS X" moniker for its operating system. Again, like iOS 11, we're not quite sure what to expect in terms of new features just yet. I hope to at least see Siri play an even deeper role in the desktop operating system, too, with more new controls that could make it easier to manage your Mac with voice. Those two, the iOS and macOS updates, are the safest bets. Now let's talk a bit about hardware, which may or may not happen. MacBook and MacBook Pro refreshes Apple's MacBooks are overdue for a refresh to Intel's latest seventh-generation processors, which are already in machines from PC makers. We should see Apple update the MacBook Pro, the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and the thin-and-light MacBook with the new chips, Bloomberg said earlier this month. We might even see the MacBook Air updated with the new chips, though that computer is showing its age with an old display and ports that aren't as fast as newer ones. Apple may just kill it off entirely. Also, Apple's iMac and Mac Pro desktop computers are desperately in need of a refresh. Apple has said it'll refresh the Mac Pro, but I don't think we'll see it next week. New 10.5-inch iPad Pro and refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro Supply chain reports have long suggested Apple is working to build a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that would replace the existing 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It's the first time Apple has ever launched a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, so we'll be curious to hear what the company's argument is for boosting the size. Apple is also expected to announce a new 12.9-inch iPad Pro, replacing last year's model. Expect more powerful graphics, faster processors and maybe even redesigns where the screen takes up more space on the front of the iPad. I wouldn't be surprised if Apple talked about the Apple Pencil, too, perhaps with a refresh to a newer model. A Siri smart speaker The big news could be Apple's entrance into the smart home assistant market. Bloomberg said earlier this week that Apple may unveil a new smart home speaker that's powered by Siri and will compete with Google (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Home and Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) Alexa. The speaker will reportedly offer surround-sound effects and better audio than the Echo or Home, which suggests it may also be more expensive. Part of me is hoping it'll sound as good as a Sonos Play:1 speaker. Unlike Google and Amazon, however, Siri doesn't really allow for ordering of goods or support for playing tunes through third-party music applications like Spotify. I'm curious to see how Apple will position this if it's locked down to the Apple ecosystem of products, like Apple Music. tvOS, webOS, watchOS, HomeKit and HealthKit Given the software focus of a developer conference, Apple may dive into a variety of other topics including its smart home platform HomeKit, its health platform HealthKit, tvOS for the Apple TV, watchOS for the Apple Watch and maybe a bit on Apple CarPlay. Speaking of the Apple TV, Apple has been reportedly trying to establish streaming TV deals for a while now, but I'd be surprised if anything came to fruition next week. Finally, my guess is we'll hear a bit more about original content, like Apple's first shows "Carpool Karaoke" and "Planet of the Apps." No iPhones Finally, if you're hoping for new iPhones, you'll need to wait a few more months. Apple will probably stick to its regular schedule of launching new iPhones in September. WATCH: CNBC puts the first-generation iPhone to the test More From CNBC If you scan documents, you need this new Adobe app Skype just got a massive makeover with Snapchat features — here's a first look Check out Halide, a new iPhone camera app you should be using Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Massive iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' 15 New Features Forbes Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Here's What Happened When Apple's Steve Jobs' Widow Met With Trump After the Immigration Ban The Street Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Apple will face 4 challenges this week that could fundamentally alter its future CNBC.com This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored What to Watch for at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Bloomberg In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider One of the most useful features of your iPhone is hidden to the left of the home screen CNBC.com What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Trump-Russia probe: 'There is no smoking gun yet, but lots of smoke' UseReasoning: "Trump-Russia probe: 'There is no smoking gun yet, but lots of smoke'." (Yahoo) Yep! And MOST of America is CHOKING on it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 98
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news Computex 2017: Intel Core i9 Launches With up-to 10 cores first - Does 4.3 GHz on LCS User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page... Page 2 of 4 < 1 2 3 4 >   Thread Tools Display Modes   (#26) tsunami231 Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA 660gtx sig2 Processor: i7 6700k NH-D14 Mainboard: Asrock z170 Extreme 4 Memory: Corsair LPX 2400mhz 16gb Soundcard: Realtek HD Audio PSU: Antec HCG 750m 06-03-2017, 17:45 | posts: 7,289 | Location: USA those prices.. either intel is gona crazy, or there those cpu are gona run all over the amd ones... either way those prices are beyond stupid and years of no competition has made intel deluded     tsunami231 View Public Profile Find all posts by tsunami231     (#27) Humanoid_1 Master Guru     Videocard: Sapphire Fury Tri-X 3840 Processor: X5680 on H20 ^_^ Mainboard: Gigabyte X58A-OC Memory: 32GB G.Skill TridentX2400 Soundcard: XFiGamer Pro/MordantShort PSU: Antec 650 Platinum 06-03-2017, 17:56 | posts: 696 | Location: Out There! Quote: Originally Posted by tsunami231 those prices.. either intel is gona crazy, or there those cpu are gona run all over the amd ones... either way those prices are beyond stupid and years of no competition has made intel deluded I think Intel are nervous about competing against their own multicore server CPU's that don't have many more cores and lower frequencies that cost $8,000+++     Humanoid_1 View Public Profile Find all posts by Humanoid_1   (#28) SirDremor Master Guru   Videocard: Gigabyte GTX680 2Gb Processor: Core i7 920 @ 3.6 Ghz Mainboard: Gigabyte GA-EX58-UD5 Memory: G.Skill DDR3 3x2Gb Soundcard: Creative SB X-Fi Fatal1ty PSU: CoolerMaster G650M 06-03-2017, 18:24 | posts: 525 | Location: Moscow, Russia 2 all AMD fanboys bashing Intel here - from your comments I got that: 1) You already have Threadripper on hands 2) You know all prices for Threadripper 3) You somehow also know prices\performance for "ZEN" server CPUs 4) You have benchmark and real-world test results with Threadripper 5) You know thermal envelope of Threadripper So I can't really say anything to you, you clearly know better.     SirDremor View Public Profile Find all posts by SirDremor   (#29) tsunami231 Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA 660gtx sig2 Processor: i7 6700k NH-D14 Mainboard: Asrock z170 Extreme 4 Memory: Corsair LPX 2400mhz 16gb Soundcard: Realtek HD Audio PSU: Antec HCG 750m 06-03-2017, 18:30 | posts: 7,289 | Location: USA Quote: Originally Posted by Humanoid_1 I think Intel are nervous about competing against their own multicore server CPU's that don't have many more cores and lower frequencies that cost $8,000+++ yah well intel can no longer keep charging those prices if amd has something that is more cores/thread for 2x less the cost intels and actual out performs intel or simpler performance at that.     tsunami231 View Public Profile Find all posts by tsunami231     (#30) mameira Maha Guru     Videocard: eVGA 470 GTX Processor: 1055T @ 3.8 Mainboard: Gigabyte 890FX-UD5 Memory: Corsair 4x2GB Soundcard: Creative Fatality XFI PSU: Corsair TX750 06-03-2017, 18:32 | posts: 1,413 | Location: Caracas, Venezuela Quote: Originally Posted by SirDremor 2 all AMD fanboys bashing Intel here - from your comments I got that: 1) You already have Threadripper on hands 2) You know all prices for Threadripper 3) You somehow also know prices\performance for "ZEN" server CPUs 4) You have benchmark and real-world test results with Threadripper 5) You know thermal envelope of Threadripper So I can't really say anything to you, you clearly know better. Well: 1) You already have Threadripper on hands Noone has i9 on hands. 2) You know all prices for Threadripper Everybody knows AMD undercuts Intel by a lot. 3) You somehow also know prices\performance for "ZEN" server CPUs We have a clear picture with the current Ryzen line up. 4) You have benchmark and real-world test results with Threadripper Same Ryzen cores, just more of it. 5) You know thermal envelope of Threadripper At 155w TDP we can get an idea, but not really a fact. So, i'm not an AMD fanboy, but the indicators are out there...     mameira View Public Profile Find all posts by mameira   (#31) tsunami231 Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA 660gtx sig2 Processor: i7 6700k NH-D14 Mainboard: Asrock z170 Extreme 4 Memory: Corsair LPX 2400mhz 16gb Soundcard: Realtek HD Audio PSU: Antec HCG 750m 06-03-2017, 18:37 | posts: 7,289 | Location: USA fanboys are not intel cant keep going with those stupid prices if amd has cpu the half the price and similar performance or better STP aside. I really want intel to come back to reality with there cpu prices and amd to pour on the heat.     tsunami231 View Public Profile Find all posts by tsunami231   (#32) BangTail Maha Guru   Videocard: EVGA GTX 1080Ti SLI (2) Processor: Intel i7 5960X @ 4.4/H110 Mainboard: EVGA X99 Classified Memory: 64GB GSKILL DDR4 @ 2666 Soundcard: SB ZxR PSU: Antec HCP-1300 PSU 06-03-2017, 18:55 | posts: 2,271 | Location: Canada Intel is going to keep pretending that there is no competition, at some point they will have to accept the fact that there is, but I don't think it will happen with Skylake X, at least not immediately. They did cut their prices when Ryzen released although not as much as some people would have liked. They are clearly going to be first to market so they will doubtless use that period of time before TR releases to make as much money as possible.     BangTail View Public Profile Find all posts by BangTail   (#33) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 06-03-2017, 19:39 | posts: 8,004 | Location: FLA,USA This is disappointing. But looking at that CPUz shot the Vcore is only at 1.25V which is extremely low compared to what it took to get 4.3 on HW-e. Wonder what the OC headroom will be when de-lidded so they can go past 1.3V.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#34) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: Ryzen 1500X 3.95GHz Mainboard: Biostar X370GTN (ITX) Memory: 16GB Ripjaws 4 Soundcard: Realtek ALC892 PSU: SSR-650RM 06-03-2017, 20:41 | posts: 1,539 | Location: MA, USA Everyone keeps saying "wait for benchmarks before deciding" but to me, I find both products to be ridiculous, and not in a good way. They get people to approach problems in a more lazy way - rather than try to optimize software to work the best way it can, people instead are like "meh, just throw more cores at it". All these products do is cater to people's impatience, egos, and wastefulness. If these were server chips, I wouldn't care - servers have a need for this many threads.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag   (#35) airbud7 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI RX 480 ARMOR 4G OC Processor: i7-2600k (Thanks sykozis) Mainboard: ASRock H61icalf Memory: 8GB G.S DDR3 1600 --TK-- Soundcard: Xonar DX PSU: PC Power&Cooling S61EPS Yesterday, 00:08 | posts: 4,043 | Location: Beech Island SC,USA is a 7700k still the fastest gaming processor? Sorry guys but I had too...     airbud7 View Public Profile Find all posts by airbud7   (#36) Bentez Maha Guru     Videocard: EVGA 1070 SC ACX | U2711 Processor: AMD 1700 4GHz H110i Mainboard: ASUS Crosshair VI Hero Memory: G.Skill 16GB 3200MHz C14 Soundcard: SupremeFX PSU: Corsair HX1050 Yesterday, 00:11 | posts: 1,301 | Location: Southampton, UK Say what you will about either Intel or AMD but I think its great to have some monster multi-core chips finally hitting the consumer market. At the very least Zen has brought competition, Intel's prices are proof of that, even if they are still more than i'd be comfortable paying. I don't really have use for TR having just built a Ryzen system but I think AMD's shakeup is only just getting started. Bring on the core wars!     Bentez View Public Profile Find all posts by Bentez   (#37) RzrTrek Maha Guru     Videocard: RX580 (8GB) Processor: i5-7600K Mainboard: PRIME Z270-A Memory: 16GB Soundcard: ALCS1220A PSU: RM750x Yesterday, 00:39 | posts: 857 | Location: Stockholm, Sweden Thanks to AMD's attempt at makin' something "new", Intel will grind their swords and come out with something even more jaw dropping (not that it concerns me) but this is why I love competition.     RzrTrek View Public Profile Find all posts by RzrTrek   (#38) PrMinisterGR Ancient Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 7970 Quadrobake Processor: Core i7 2600k@4.5GHz Mainboard: Sapphire Pure Black P67 Memory: Corsair Vengeance 16GB Soundcard: ASUS Xonar D2X PSU: EVGA SuperNova 750 G2 Yesterday, 01:05 | posts: 6,653 Quote: Originally Posted by SirDremor 2 all AMD fanboys bashing Intel here - from your comments I got that: 1) You already have Threadripper on hands 2) You know all prices for Threadripper 3) You somehow also know prices\performance for "ZEN" server CPUs 4) You have benchmark and real-world test results with Threadripper 5) You know thermal envelope of Threadripper So I can't really say anything to you, you clearly know better. This is a confused platform at best.     PrMinisterGR View Public Profile Find all posts by PrMinisterGR   (#39) tensai28 Master Guru   Videocard: 1080TI auros xtreme Processor: I5 6600k 4.5ghz Mainboard: asus z170-A Memory: 16gb ddr4 2400mhz(2x8gb) Soundcard: PSU: SeaSonic S12G 650W Yesterday, 01:49 | posts: 223 | Location: Taiwan A little off topic but is it just me or did computex feel not as good this year? I was there yesterday and although it wasn't bad, I just wasn't as impressed as last year. Overall vibe just kinda seemed boring. Maybe it's weather, we had terrible rain (even flooding) the past two days. Don't mean to steal the spotlight from Hilbert but if it's alright I can post my pictures and videos from computex for anyone who's interested. Last edited by tensai28; Yesterday at 07:50.     tensai28 View Public Profile Find all posts by tensai28   (#40) typhon6657 Newbie   Videocard: Zotac GTX 1080 SLI Processor: I7 7700k de-lid 5.2ghz Mainboard: ROG MAXIMUS IX HERO Memory: F4-4266C19D-16GTZR Soundcard: STR-DH550,Klipsch R-15M's PSU: SeaSonic 1200 SS-1200XP3 Yesterday, 02:08 | posts: 41 | Location: Madera CA Thank God I only GAME on my PC ALL I NEED IS A QUAD CORE     typhon6657 View Public Profile Find all posts by typhon6657   (#41) jortego128 Newbie   Videocard: AMD R9 285 Processor: AMD Ryzen R7 1700 Mainboard: Memory: 8GB GSkill FlareX 2666MHz Soundcard: PSU: 450W Yesterday, 02:21 | posts: 29 Quote: Originally Posted by Bentez Say what you will about either Intel or AMD but I think its great to have some monster multi-core chips finally hitting the consumer market. At the very least Zen has brought competition, Intel's prices are proof of that, even if they are still more than i'd be comfortable paying. I don't really have use for TR having just built a Ryzen system but I think AMD's shakeup is only just getting started. Bring on the core wars! I like the idea of the TR cause its big, bad, and its insanely HUGE... Seriously though-- its not difficult to make use of the massive amount of cores-- hell, one of the reasons Ryzen intrigued me was because it was an octocore and I tinker with some home video editing. All video encoding programs worth their own salt can make use of as many cores you throw at them, the more the faster. Ryzen 7s haul ass when transcoding video-- TR cuts that already fast time in half! Anybody editing/making home videos etc can make use of this monster on day 1. You don't have to be a graphic artist or compile Linux kernels for a living to make good use of these.     jortego128 View Public Profile Find all posts by jortego128   (#42) jortego128 Newbie   Videocard: AMD R9 285 Processor: AMD Ryzen R7 1700 Mainboard: Memory: 8GB GSkill FlareX 2666MHz Soundcard: PSU: 450W Yesterday, 02:49 | posts: 29 Its now rumored that Intels 14, 16, 18 core parts wont be out until next year. If that's true it proves AMD indeed caught them with their pants down. *EDIT- my images were removed without warning or notification, I did not read anything in the rules stating it is against policy to post them, so here they are again. Whats wrong with a little humor in this otherwise harsh world? Last edited by jortego128; Yesterday at 15:39. Reason: My post was changed without my consent     jortego128 View Public Profile Find all posts by jortego128   (#43) Rabbitdude92 Newbie   Videocard: HD7850 2GB Processor: I7 950 @ 3.9ghz Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: 1000watt Yesterday, 03:27 | posts: 25 AMD dropping 16core threadripper at 849$ lawl sorry intel     Rabbitdude92 View Public Profile Find all posts by Rabbitdude92   (#44) 0blivious Maha Guru     Videocard: MSi 1070 X / 970 / 780Ti Processor: i7 4790K/i7 2600K/i3 4160 Mainboard: MSi Z97 Gaming 5 Memory: 16 GB @2133 Soundcard: SBZ + Logitech Z906 PSU: Corsair AX760 / CX750M Yesterday, 06:03 | posts: 2,066 | Location: Bremerton, WA USA (Go Mariners) This thread is a reminder of why I rarely come to G3D anymore. Carry on.     0blivious View Public Profile Find all posts by 0blivious   (#45) ChicagoDave Newbie   Videocard: EVGA 1060 / EVGA 970 Processor: i5-7600k / i7-4770 Mainboard: ASUS Z270 / AsRock Z87 Memory: 16GB 3200 DDR4 Soundcard: PSU: Seasonic, Superflower Yesterday, 07:12 | posts: 29 Looks pretty much just as I suspected..Intel's chip lineups are pretty consistent. The addition of the 6 core / 12 thread chip from Cannon Lake seems early for an X series but we don't know much about its architecture (just like early days of Ryzen) The thing that I'm most excited about is that Threadripper will have 60 PCIe lanes directly connected to the CPU (and four more going to the chipset). Intel's going to have to bump up their "low end" i7-7800X and i7-7820X if they want to sell a single one. The bottom two chips have been gimped with 28 lanes for at least the two previous chips. Between NVMe drives, GPU, maybe a 10g NIC...I can't be running stuff over the chipset on it's shared x4 lane. A single NVMe drive will saturate a PCIe x4 lane, so they need their own link to the CPU. Having multiple drives plus a GPU makes extra lanes a necessity. Hopefully this kinda trickle down works     ChicagoDave View Public Profile Find all posts by ChicagoDave   (#46) BigMaMaInHouse Member Guru   Videocard: RX 470 NITRO+ Processor: I7 860@4.0Ghz Mainboard: Memory: G.skill 4X4GB Soundcard: PSU: Seasonic 620W Yesterday, 08:18 | posts: 52 Linus Tech Tips I have some things to say - Core i9 & X299 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWFzWRoVNnE Edit- the "new" X299 is pure crap! If I want more cores I will buy the dual 2011-v3 and would get those: https://www.newegg.com/Product/Produ...82E16819117632 https://www.newegg.com/Product/Produ...82E16813182967 And I would get much better(more Stable!) workstation with 24C!. P.S: why we need anothere new Socket for "Up-To" 18 Cores while we have the 2011-V3 socket X99 boards that support Up-To 22 cores Intel Xeon E5-2699-v4 Just another $$$$ move by Intel. Last edited by BigMaMaInHouse; Yesterday at 08:39.     BigMaMaInHouse View Public Profile Find all posts by BigMaMaInHouse   (#47) aKiss Newbie   Videocard: Zotac 1070 GTX Mini Processor: I7 7700K@4.9 GHZ Mainboard: Gigabyte Z270M-D3H Memory: HyperX 16 GB@2400 MHZ Soundcard: PSU: Seasonic M550 Yesterday, 08:58 | posts: 16 Mr. Hilbert, when you are reviewing these jokes of HEDT wannabe CPU, please, delid one of them to show the world how Intel ****s on everyone's face with the thermal paste between the IHS and the core... on a 1000+ euros HEDT platform I am a Intel fanboy by the way, and these days i hated myself for being one     aKiss View Public Profile Find all posts by aKiss   (#48) CronoGraal Ancient Guru   Videocard: MSI R9 390 8GB Processor: Intel i7 2600 stock Mainboard: MSI P67A-GD65 Memory: 2x8GB Corsair Vengeance Soundcard: ASUS Xonar Essence STX PSU: Corsair AX760 Yesterday, 10:33 | posts: 4,139 | Location: Sweden Quote: Originally Posted by 0blivious This thread is a reminder of why I rarely come to G3D anymore. Carry on. to be fair this is how it always was when AMD was actually relevant. its been one sided for almost a decade which is why we all forgot     CronoGraal View Public Profile Find all posts by CronoGraal   (#49) Evildead666 Master Guru     Videocard: R9-290 H²O@1100/1300 Cust Processor: i5-3750K H²O@4.2G H100i Mainboard: ASRock z77 µATX Memory: 4x4Gb DDR3-2133 Soundcard: PSU: 850W Yesterday, 11:04 | posts: 410 Quote: Originally Posted by schmidtbag Everyone keeps saying "wait for benchmarks before deciding" but to me, I find both products to be ridiculous, and not in a good way. They get people to approach problems in a more lazy way - rather than try to optimize software to work the best way it can, people instead are like "meh, just throw more cores at it". All these products do is cater to people's impatience, egos, and wastefulness. If these were server chips, I wouldn't care - servers have a need for this many threads. Its the CPU makers fault also. They went for MHz, that didnt go as far as they hoped. Then they went more cores, and thats sort of coming to a head now. I think the next step will be beefier cores (and HBM on chip), but not going above 8/16 for consumer level chips. Last edited by Evildead666; Yesterday at 11:11.     Evildead666 View Public Profile Find all posts by Evildead666   (#50) Chillin Ancient Guru     Videocard: Intel HD3000 Processor: i5-2500K@4.4GHz 1.2v H60 Mainboard: Asrock Z77 Pro4 Memory: G.Skill 2X4GB DDR3-1600 Soundcard: X-Fi XtremeGamer+Z506 5.1 PSU: Corsair TX 750w v2 Yesterday, 11:27 | posts: 6,778 | Location: Chilling Quote: Originally Posted by aKiss Mr. Hilbert, when you are reviewing these jokes of HEDT wannabe CPU, please, delid one of them to show the world how Intel ****s on everyone's face with the thermal paste between the IHS and the core... on a 1000+ euros HEDT platform I am a Intel fanboy by the way, and these days i hated myself for being one This is getting old. The reason was already listed because of long term risk using solder, there have been cases of failure. Remember, unlike your wish to have an enthusiast system sitting nicely in your air-conditioned house, Intel has to be compatible to a wide range of temperatures, shipping tolerances and humidity levels, including for long period storage. Most people do not have the luxury of reapplying TIM as needed UNDERNEATH an IHS as you so wish. Just have a look at some of the temperature, electrical and shipping tolerances, etc., that the CPU's have to meet: http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/...eet-vol-1.html Aftermarket thermal paste has the luxury of not having to meet a large fraction of those specifications. In any case, testing has shown that Intel's thermal paste is right up there with the best aftermarket solutions:  Click to show spoiler And just as a point of comparison, the Noctua NT-H1 thermal paste quoted above has the following specifications: Quote: Recommended storage time (before use) up to 2 years Recommended usage time (on the CPU) up to 3 years http://noctua.at/en/nt-h1/specification Now if you think for a second that Intel could ship a CPU with a three year operating life and that the whole internet wouldn't explode... There are probably a few thousand of people on the internet in total that even care about this out of the billions of processors shipped anyways. Sorry, this is a non-issue. Last edited by Chillin; Yesterday at 11:31.     Chillin View Public Profile Find all posts by Chillin Page 2 of 4 < 1 2 3 4 > « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Sunday, 4 June 2017 | MYT 8:52 AM Can the tech rally continue? NEW YORK: Technology shares have led US stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare , the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Markets Related Stories You May Be Interested Maybank IB feels the O&G sector has bottomed out RHB Research retains Buy for MISC, no immediate impact from Sabah Shell claim Sovereign investors raise property holdings, wary of UK on Brexit 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Longhouse folk struggle to meet tough conditions for new homes Cycling promotes closer ties After London attack, Facebook says aims to be hostile environment for terrorists Property Related advertisement Latest News A decent quarter with mixed results for banking sector Net foreign buying on Bursa crosses key RM10b Maybank IB feels the O&G sector has bottomed out Ringgit firmer vs US$, pound sterling early Monday KLCI wavers early Monday, key Asian markets mixed Most Viewed in Business Ringgit firmer vs US$, pound sterling early Monday Higher revenue for IRB Ng to take AIA to the next stage of growth Chinese billionaires clash over Alibaba’s parcel deliveries Affin Hwang Research sees Malaysian stock market in early stage rally Net foreign buying on Bursa crosses key RM10b Five golden rules for investing borrowed money TNB to start work on large solar project next month My money mistakes Trading ideas: MISC, Stone Master, HIL, AMMB, RHB Bank advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Search GO CXO Cloud Innovation Big Data Videos More Security Software Data Centers Networking Smart City All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Innovation Big Data Videos Security Software Data Centers Networking Smart City All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware An $89 Raspberry Pi rival that runs full Windows 10 and Android The UP Core is a single-board computer that seemingly offers better performance than the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B, at a price. By Nick Heath | June 2, 2017, 6:17 AM PST Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus The UP Core board. Image: UP A low-cost, pocket-sized computer will be released this year that will run Android Marshmallow and the full version of Windows 10. The UP Core is a single-board computer that will run a range of operating systems, including ubilinux (Debian), Ubuntu and Yocto, and seemingly offers better performance than the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B. However, that additional power comes at a cost. While the Pi 3 sells for $35, the UP Core is on sale from €69/$89. More about Innovation How to outthink the digital revolution in 7 steps 17 ways the Internet of Things is changing the world The new digital workplace: Why enterprise collaboration is exciting again Subscribe to our Next Big Thing newsletter The $89 computer has a quad-core 1.8GHz Intel Atom x5-Z8350 processor, 1GB memory and 16GB eMMC storage. The computer is available with additional storage and up to 4GB of memory, but the 4GB model will cost €129 ($145). Tests of the board that preceded the UP Core, known simply as the UP board, suggest the UP Core will outperform the Pi 3, which is based on a quad-core 1.2GHz ARM-based Broadcom processor. The UP board was found to significantly outstrip the performance of the Pi, both in the JavaScript benchmark Octane, which gives an indication of web-browsing performance, and in how quickly it compiled a program. SEE: Raspberry Pi: The smart person's guide The UP Core board's performance should be identical to the UP board, as it is based on the same system-on-a-chip, while being slightly smaller than its predecessor. The UP Core is not as straightforward to use as a computer out of the box as the Pi 3. While the UP Core has a HDMI and 5V power supply port, it only includes a single USB 3.0 port. Those who want to add more peripherals can either do so via Bluetooth or by adding ports to the 2 x USB 2.0 header. The board also supports 802.11n Wi-Fi. The UP Core joins the Asus Tinker board as one of a number of alternatives available to Pi users while they wait for a performance upgrade, as the Pi's co-creator Eben Upton has warned it is likely to be at least 2018 before a new Raspberry Pi board is released. For hardware hackers, the UP Core is more expandable than the Raspberry Pi 3, with 100 pins available for hooking up additional boards and other custom hardware, compared with the 40-pin header available on the Pi. The UP Core's high-speed expansion connector includes pins for UART, SPI, 2 x USB HSIC, PCI-Express, GPIO, Intel Sensors Hub, SDIO and 5V Power. The makers of the UP Core say there is also a growing ecosystem of third-party hardware and software that works well with the board, allowing it to be used for industrial automation, vending, digital signage, IoT, home automation and robotics. However, as with other Pi rivals, the UP Core won't enjoy the range of software and community support that has grown up around the multi-million selling Pi since it launched five years ago. One review of the predecessor to the UP Core, the UP board, mentions the difficulty of getting software to work out of the box relative to the Pi. Buying a Pi also has the advantage of supporting the Raspberry Pi Foundation, a charity committed to furthering computer-science education. The UP Core is fully funded on Kickstarter and expected to begin shipping to backers from August this year. The organization that makes the UP Core also sells various cases and stackable expansions boards. Automatically sign up for TechRepublic's Open Source Weekly Newsletter for more hot tips and tricks. Subscribe Read more about the Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi: The smart person's guide Raspberry Pi 3: The inside story from the new $35 computer's creator Raspberry Pi in 2017: New boards, new OSes and more Choosing a Raspberry Pi OS? Here's the definitive list New Raspberry Pi board: Compute Module 3 means you'll see Pi in more products Raspberry Pi and Docker: Tiny $35 computer gets major new release of HypriotOS (ZDNet) Turn any hard drive into networked storage with Raspberry Pi (CNET) Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Nick Heath Nick Heath is chief reporter for TechRepublic. He writes about the technology that IT decision makers need to know about, and the latest happenings in the European tech scene. Full Bio Contact See all of Nick's content Google+ @nickjheath × Full Bio Nick Heath is chief reporter for TechRepublic. He writes about the technology that IT decision makers need to know about, and the latest happenings in the European tech scene. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Elon Musk and the cult of Tesla: How a tech startup rattled the auto industry to its core The truth about MooCs and bootcamps: Their biggest benefit isn't creating more coders How Mark Shuttleworth became the first African in space and launched a software revolution Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Research: Defenses, response plans, and greatest concerns about cybersecurity in an IoT and mobile world Network security policy Hiring kit: IT vendor manager Information security incident reporting policy Services About Us Membership Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team TechRepublic Academy Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 2h 9m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 2h 18m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 2h 19m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 3h 19m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 4h 37m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 4h 38m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 5h 8m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 5h 29m ago view all   O'Malley: ‘All of us’ need to take ‘personal responsibility’ for election By Max Greenwood - 06/03/17 02:02 PM EDT 620   Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D) said on Saturday that "all of us need to take personal responsibility" for President Trump's election in November, after Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonFive things lawmakers want to know from Comey Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave spotlight Huckabee: 'Hillary needs to get over herself' MORE sought to place blame on the Democratic National Committee for doing little to support her presidential campaign. "I think all of us need to take personal responsibility in doing all we can to fix what we've broke now in our country," O'Malley, an early contender for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, said on MSNBC.  Clinton criticized the DNC's data operation during a Q&A session at Recode's Code Convention on Wednesday, saying "its data was mediocre to poor" and that the party was "on the verge of insolvency" when she became its nominee last year. ADVERTISEMENT The former secretary of state, however, faced backlash for her comments from Republicans, who accused her of trying to absolve herself of any responsibility for her electoral loss. Clinton was widely projected by pollsters to win the November election, but eventually lost several key swing states and, consequently, the contest to Trump. Since the loss, she has said that she takes responsibility for her campaign's decisions, but has ultimately pointed to external factors, such as leaked DNC and campaign emails, as the factors that led to her defeat.     Tags Hillary Clinton   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 1,249 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 792 Shares 3 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 369 Shares 4 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 335 Shares 5 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 294 Shares 6 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 242 Shares 7 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 186 Shares 8 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 174 Shares 9 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 174 Shares 10 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 139 Shares 11 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 125 Shares 12 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 104 Shares 13 Trump reignites debate over travel... President Trump this weekend reignited the debate over his travel ban... 91 Shares 14 London mayor: I have more... London mayor Sadiq Khan's spokesperson responded to criticism from... 73 Shares 15 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 69 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Get Rich With 'Guaranteed Income' Certificates (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: Large | Cap | tech | Rally | stock | market As Large Cap Gets Larger, Can the Tech Rally Continue? Ratz Attila | Dreamstime.com Saturday, 03 Jun 2017 12:28 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare , the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. Large, Cap, tech, Rally, stock, market 597 Saturday, 03 Jun 2017 12:28 PM 2017-28-03 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: Trump Is Right to Withdraw From Climate Deal Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 143 comments This is right for us. We shouldn't have to be part of an agreement that is... Analysts: Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 58 comments "Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs"....what an absolutely... Peter Morici: Can Trump Really Get 3 Percent Growth? Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 48 comments If the leftists get out of Trump's way, there is a possibility.With the... CNBC's Ron Insana: Jobs Report Could Be Start of 'Worrying Trend' Friday, 02 Jun 2017 | 27 comments THIS IS THE AGE OLD STORYWHAT'S BAD FOR AMERICA IS GOOD FOR LIBERALS.JUST... Soros: Brexit May Last 5 Years and Cause 'Immense Damage' Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 25 comments I'm so tired of this miscreant ruining one country after another. Someone... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Monday, June 05, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Narendra Modi is turning his strength Kashmir into India's weakness, says Rahul Gandhi: BJP slams Congress mindset AAP plans to stage country-wide protest to highlight farmers' plight on 10 June Rahul Gandhi in Andhra promises UPA-led in 2019 would grant special status to state: 'It's not a gift, it's your right' Mulayam Singh mum on participation in Lalu Prasad's 27 August rally Prime Minister Narendra Modi mishandling Kashmir issue, says Rahul Gandhi Amit Shah wraps up Kerala visit, sets poll target of 40% vote share for BJP workers Sports Highlights NBA Finals, Cleveland Cavaliers vs Golden State Warriors, Game 2: Warriors win 132-113 India vs Pakistan: Virat Kohli shuts off outside world to get back to business India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh set up thumping win for 'Men in Blue' French Open 2017: Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal enter quarters for record-equalling 11th time Highlights India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017, cricket score and result: Kohli and Co win convincingly French Open 2017: Sania Mirza-Ivan Dodig make quarters; Rohan Bopanna out of men's doubles India Venkaiah Naidu hits out at Opposition for criticising Narendra Modi; says 'dark days of Emergency' have been forgotten Maharashtra farmers strike day 5: Protests continue as Shiv Sena supports statewide shutdown, excludes Mumbai Army chief Bipin Rawat says women will soon take on combat roles Uttar Pradesh: 22 die as bus catches fire in Bareilly after colliding with truck, several in critical condition Vijay Mallya seen at India vs Pakistan cricket match at Edgbaston stadium in Birmingham Jammu and Kashmir: CRPF jawans thwart suicide attack in Bandipora, 4 militants killed World London terror attack: British Police discover YouTube link to Saturday's attack after tip-off from perpetrator's friend Pakistani forces kill 12 Islamic State terrorists in southwestern Balochistan province Vladimir Putin denies knowledge of Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner's 'back channel' proposal London bridge terror attack: From Donald Trump to Pope Francis, how the world reacted London bridge terror attack claimed by Islamic State: A look at jihadist-linked attacks in Europe since 2015 London stabbings: Islamic State claims responsibility as British police arrest 12 Business As GST rollout nears, pain points increase and the blame rests squarely on both central, state govts GST rates: Govt starts media awareness drive for common man to prevent being fleeced by traders GST expected to give level playing field to organised retail players, says report IT layoffs: Ravi Shankar Prasad says no downturn, retrenchment due to performance issues Wipro Chairman Azim Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17, CEO Neemuchwala's up 16% to $2.09 mn GST rate: Khadi yarn, Gandhi topi, national flag, most 'puja samagri' exempt; 3% on pearls, imitation jewellery Entertainment Avengers: Infinity War to add Black Panther villain played by Winston Duke⁠⁠⁠⁠ Thugs of Hindostan: Will Aamir Khan get astronomical 70 per cent stake in profits? Bank Chor and the art of hit-and-miss self-deprecating promotional strategies in films Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins ready to direct the sequel Shah Rukh Khan's next with Aanand L Rai to be named Rangbaaz? Sonam Kapoor expresses interest in film school; says wants to learn something new Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? | Reuters Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 03 2017 21:52:32 IST #Reuters By Rodrigo Campos | NEW YORK NEW YORK Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader.The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft.The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence."You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said.Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008.But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York.Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500.Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100.NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007.Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data.However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms.They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology."We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta."What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind."AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare, the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500."Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 03, 2017 09:52 pm | Updated Date: Jun 03, 2017 09:52 pm Also See India offers tax concessions to Apple to expand production - official | Reuters Special Report: As Modi and his Hindu base rise, so too does yoga tycoon Baba Ramdev | Reuters Islamic State claims responsibility for Manchester arena attack | Reuters India says it attacked Pakistan army posts in divided Kashmir | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN 2 Jun 6 ENG Vs NZ 3 Jun 7 PAK Vs SA 4 Jun 8 IND Vs SL 5 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN Full Schedule Top Stories Jammu and Kashmir: CRPF jawans thwart suicide attack in Bandipora, 4 militants killed 22 Passengers Killed as Bus Collides With Truck on NH-24 in Bareilly Rahul Gandhi in Andhra promises UPA-led in 2019 would grant special status to state: 'It's not a gift, it's your right' London terror attack: British Police discover YouTube link to Saturday's attack after tip-off from perpetrator's friend RERA: Here are few gaps in the real estate Act that demands urgent attention Highlights NBA Finals, Cleveland Cavaliers vs Golden State Warriors, Game 2: Warriors win 132-113 GST rate: Khadi yarn, Gandhi topi, national flag, most 'puja samagri' exempt; 3% on pearls, imitation jewellery Salman Khan: 'I doubt Tubelight will break Baahubali 2's record, but don't feel the pressure' Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs BAN England beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN India beat Bangladesh by 240 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SL - Jun 8th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 2017’s Best Performing DJIA Stock: Apple By Paul Ausick June 3, 2017 9:15 am EDT Print Email Tweet Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) added $1.84 (1.2%) in the short week following the Memorial Day holiday. The company remains the best-performing stock by a wide margin among the 30 equities the comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). The company’s stock is up 34.22% year to date, well above second-place McDonald’s 26.31% improvement. The company’s market cap at Friday’s close was $812.72 billion, a gain of more than $9 billion for the week. The big news from the company last week was the big news coming next week as Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) opens in San Francisco. More than 5,000 attendees are expected and the big announcement is widely believed to be a voice-controlled speaker, similar to the Amazon Echo and Google Home, that uses Apple’s Siri. The company had better show some improvements to Siri as well because a recent comparison does not rate the software very highly. Apple is also expected to announce new Intel processors for its MacBooks and perhaps a long-awaited 10.5-inch iPad. The company is also expected to show off the latest improvements to its various operating systems: iOS, MacOS, WatchOS and tvOS. In advance of the WWDC, the company announced that it has paid out over $70 billion to apps developers since the App Store opened in 2008. Based on last year’s report that Apple had paid out $50 billion, app developers earned $20 billion from the company last year. Apple doesn’t do to badly from app sales either. The company takes a 30% cut on most sales but offers some subscription programs a lower rate of 15%. In an interview last week, activist investor David Einhorn of Greenlight Capital talked about his failed attempt to get Apple to issue preferred shares and how that compares with his similar suggestion recently to General Motors. From Barron’s transcript: Look, with Apple, they had a problem with capital allocation. They were storing lots and lots of cash. They were returning none of it to shareholders. … But instead, what they did was they changed their constraint. They previously said, we’re not buying back stock, and since then, they’ve borrowed $100 billion. They’ve bought back a quarter of the stock, at less than $100.  The [price-earnings ratio] net of cash has expanded from 7 to 13, in part because Apple has a better capital allocation policy today than it did before we came in. If you own Apple stock, you have Einhorn to thank for its booming value. Apple shares closed at $155.45 on Friday, in a 52-week range of $91.50 to $156.65. The consensus 12-month price target is $161.23, according to MarketWatch. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Competing — and Winning — Against Multiple Bids for the Home You Want Verizon Continues to Be DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 » Read more: Technology, Corporate Performance, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 9 Ways to Deal With Robocalls Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class 10 Disappearing Car Brands Cities Where Crime Is Soaring Recent “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action Chinese Admit Cars Are Major Source Of Air Pollution Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Prime Minister Theresa May: London incidents to be treated as terror incidents Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 'Wonder Woman' Shatters Box Office With Biggest Female Director Opening. Ever. SpaceX Launches First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit A New Bill Would Protect Immigrant Farmworkers. It Has Little Chance Of Survival. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Revolving Door Continues to Swing: Obama Alumini Land on Their Feet - 06/04/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 6/4/17 - 06/04/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Don Quijones: Shock Waves Spread from Spain’s New Banking Crisis - 06/04/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 6/3/17 - 06/03/2017 - Yves Smith Mark Ames: When Mother Jones Was Investigated for Spreading Kremlin Disinformation - 06/03/2017 - Yves Smith Theresa May in Election Jitters Caught Lying About Tory Plans to Cut The NHS - 06/03/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 6/2/2017 - 06/02/2017 - Lambert Strether Unsafe at Any Speed Redux: Pinto and Takata Recalls Compared - 06/02/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 6/2/17 - 06/02/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 6/2/2017 Posted on June 2, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Politics Policy “The $834 billion cut in federal Medicaid spending in the American Health Care Act would kick off budget battles in the states that go way beyond Medicaid. We could see cuts to higher education, school funding, corrections, environmental protection or other state priorities — or new taxes, depending on the state” [Axios]. UPDATE “Statement by President Trump on the Paris Climate Accord” [WhiteHouse.gov]. “Why Trump Actually Pulled Out Of Paris” [Michael Grunwald, Politico]. “Trump’s abrupt withdrawal from this carefully crafted multilateral compromise was a diplomatic and political slap: It was about extending a middle finger to the world, while reminding his base that he shares its resentments of fancy-pants elites and smarty-pants scientists and tree-hugging squishes who look down on real Americans who drill for oil and dig for coal. He was thrusting the United States into the role of global renegade, rejecting not only the scientific consensus about climate but the international consensus for action, joining only Syria and Nicaragua (which wanted an even greener deal) in refusing to help the community of nations address a planetary problem. Congress doesn’t seem willing to pay for Trump’s border wall—and Mexico certainly isn’t—so rejecting the Paris deal was an easier way to express his Fortress America themes without having to pass legislation.” Lambert here: In short form, yes: Regulation, executive orders, and diplomacy/war powers are the big story of the Trump administration; areas where the executive can act unchecked by the legislative branch. That said, I would very much like an answer to the following question, because I haven’t seen it addressed in my travels: Is there an “elephant chart” for climate regulation? That is, under globalization, average global well-being improved, but the average improvement concealed the effects of, say shipping Rust Belt jobs off to Asia to create a middle class there, which turned out to be an actual drop in life expectancy in the impacted areas (see Case-Deaton). The intuitive shape of justifications for the Paris Agreement seem very much the same to me as the justifications for globalization: A global average increase in well-being, but no discussion of who will bear the costs, or be compensated for them (if at all). As Warren Buffet says: “If you’ve been playing poker for half an hour and you still don’t know who the patsy is, you’re the patsy.” So who’s the patsy? Now, to caveat — and my OED says that caveat is a verb — I’m by no means an expert on climate policy. And I’d love to hear that I’m just wrong to have this concern; that is, that green jobs (see below) will come through, and so forth. Readers? (NOTE: If my concern is well-founded, “But the planet!” is not an answer. As Frank Herbert writes in Dune: “The people who can destroy a thing, they control it.” So…) Oh, and this has nothing to do with “the science,” which I think is right; I live next to the very dynamic Gulf of Maine; I know the lobsters are moving North. But politics is “the art of the possible,” not “the art of ‘But science!'” “Negotiating the Paris accord was complicated and required determined American diplomacy and the leadership of President Barack Obama, but the reason that 195 nations signed the agreement and made ambitious national commitments is rather simple: The science clearly shows that the world is warming at a rapid pace. If we collectively fail to tackle climate change and reduce greenhouse-gas emissions, our children and grandchildren will face higher sea levels, more violent storms, disrupted food supplies, catastrophic loss of infrastructure, climate-induced human migration and global insecurity” [John Podesta, WaPo]. “In addition to damaging U.S. strategic interests, the future of the American economy is at stake. While other countries will lead the global transition to clean energy, particularly China and the European Union, Trump and his allies in Congress are undermining America’s innovative businesses and workers. Renewable energy supports between 4 million and 4.5 million jobs in the United States, and renewable-energy capacity has more than tripled since 2008. That’s why the majority of Americans in every state support the Paris agreement and why thousands of businesses and investors worth trillions of dollars are calling for climate action. Trump’s ‘America first’ strategy is putting America last in the race to create the clean-energy jobs and industries of the future.” Unfortunately, this is John Podesta — I’ve helpfully underlined the buzzwords appealing to the 10%ers that form Clinton’s base — and notice that all the domestic benefits are couched in terms of those averages (hidden under the word “collectively”). UPDATE “Fact check: Trump’s Paris climate speech claims analyzed” [Guardian]. “The Paris agreement itself places no ‘energy restrictions’ on the US – it’s a voluntary agreement that leaves it up to countries to decide how to cut their emissions. But several economists have warned that leaving the Paris agreement will stymie clean energy investment and ensure the production of solar panels and wind turbines – the very blue-collar jobs Trump claims to value – will take place in China rather than the US.” That Paris places no “energy restrictions” on the US undercuts Trump, but surely it rather undercuts the effectiveness of the deal, as well? UPDATE “Trump misunderstood MIT climate research, university officials say” [Reuters]. “‘If we don’t do anything, we might shoot over 5 degrees or more and that would be catastrophic,’ said John Reilly, the co-director of the program, adding that MIT’s scientists had had no contact with the White House and were not offered a chance to explain their work…. A senior administration official defended Trump’s use of the findings. “It’s not just MIT. I think there is a consensus, not only in the environmental community, but elsewhere that the Paris agreement in and of itself will have a negligible impact on climate,” the official told reporters at a briefing.” UPDATE “Trump Pulls Out of the Paris Climate Agreement” [Foreign Policy]. “Oil giants ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips, as well as Apple, Dow Chemical, Adobe, Intel, Hewlett Packard are among 25 big U.S. firms who ran a full-page ad in Washington, D.C. newspapers urging Trump to honor his predecessor’s climate commitments.” So… UPDATE “Here Are the 10 Governors and 82 Mayors Who Denounce Trump’s Withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agreement [Weather.com]. Remarkable source! 2020 Interview with Bernie Sanders: “The Man Who Knows Trump’s Voters” [Der Spiegel (MsExpat)]. “In his opinion, would the Democrats be making a mistake by focusing solely on Russia? If everything is about Russia, says Sanders, many people will say: ‘Hey, all of that is interesting, but you know what? I can’t afford health care. I don’t have a job. My kid can’t afford to go to college. Why don’t you pay attention to our needs?’ “I think we have got to do both, and I am doing my best not to simply get involved in the Trump controversies, but to stay focused on his disastrous budget, their disastrous health-care plan, and more importantly, bring forth a progressive agenda, which can excite working people and young people all over this country,’ Sanders says.” “Because of the terms of the agreement, it will take until 2020 for the United States to fully exit. That means that the battle lines are formed for the 2018 and 2020 elections. Every politician between now and then must answer the question of whether she or he stands with Trump and fossil-fuel special interests or stands with the health and well-being of our children and our planet” [John Podesta, WaPo]. From the same article as above, but important. I would love a shift in attention from the Russkis, and if the Paris Agreement is that shift, then have at it, say I. UPDATE “At a time when Demo­crats could pro­ject them­selves as the adults in the room, the clam­or for “res­ist­ance” and mil­it­ant rhet­or­ic is grow­ing louder and louder. There is a press­ing need for prag­mat­ic, mod­er­ate voices on health care, cli­mate change, and a panoply of oth­er is­sues, but Demo­crats seem to be un­hinged by their an­im­us to­ward the lead­er of the op­pos­i­tion party. “The vis­cer­al loath­ing of both Obama and Hil­lary Clin­ton among so many con­ser­vat­ives and Re­pub­lic­ans un­der­mined at­tempts by mod­er­ates to be fair-minded, bal­anced, and meas­ured. Today, the con­tempt that lib­er­als and Demo­crats have for Trump has reached a com­par­able level…. Judging by news re­ports, the re­cent Cali­for­nia Demo­crat­ic state con­ven­tion ap­peared to be al­most com­pletely out of con­trol, a case of the in­mates tak­ing over the asylum” [Charles Cook, Cook Political Report]. “To cap­ture House and Sen­ate ma­jor­it­ies, Demo­crats will need to win dis­tricts and states that Trump car­ried with room to spare, as well as those that he just barely won or split al­most evenly. Rather than push­ing the mes­sage that the voters in those dis­tricts and states were stu­pid, fool­ish, or mor­ally de­fi­cient, Demo­crats should be present­ing them­selves as a bet­ter al­tern­at­ive, a party pre­pared to con­front the prob­lems fa­cing the coun­try no mat­ter who is in the White House.” What a schizoid article by Cook! In California, for example, it’s precisely the “inmates” who are “prepared to confront the problems facing the country” with, for example, #MedicareForAll. And it’s people like Perez, Clinton, and Pelosi who want to yammer about evil Russkis. 2017 UPDATE “Poll: Dem Ossoff leads by 1 in Georgia House race” [The Hill]. “Early voting for the contest started Tuesday and runs through June 16. The special election over Georgia’s 6th District is scheduled to conclude June 20…. WBS-TV/Landmark Communications conducted its latest survey of 500 Georgia voters via phone and online interviews from May 30-31. It has a 4.4 percent margin of error.” 2016 Post Mortem “In (partial) defense of Hillary Clinton” [Ezra Klein, Vox]. “But the harder question — the one this blame game is designed to obscure — is why was the election close enough for Clinton to lose?” To be answered next week… UPDATE “Democratic Senator Al Franken told Yahoo News: ‘I think she has a right to analyse what happened, but we do have to move on'” [Yahoo News]. “Minnesota Senator Franken said on Thursday: ‘We have to move on by proving we are the party that cares about a lot of the people who voted for Donald Trump.'” Which is, of course, precisely what many factions in the Democrat Party resist doing, vehemently. UPDATE “Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire” [Politico]. “Ukrainian government officials tried to help Hillary Clinton and undermine Trump by publicly questioning his fitness for office. They also disseminated documents implicating a top Trump aide in corruption and suggested they were investigating the matter, only to back away after the election. And they helped Clinton’s allies research damaging information on Trump and his advisers, a Politico investigation found.” Yeah, sheesh, it’s almost like the Clinton campaign was trying to get a foreign power to hack interfere with meddle in our elections. I mean, I always did feel that having a Ukrainian doing oppo for the DNC smelled a bit funny. Realignment and Legitimacy “Ohio Lt. Gov. Mary Taylor opens up about her sons’ opioid addictions” [Dayton Daily News]. It is amazing to me to watch Democrats not give two sh*ts about the opioid crisis, and its larger context, “deaths from despair” a la Case Deaton. Of course, if a humanitarian crisis is far away liberal Democrat goodthinkers are all over it like a cheap suit. Close to home, not so much. Odd. Then again, considering that the last time we had a drug epidemic, we got the horrid “War on Drugs” and the carceral state, maybe this is a case of “be careful what you wish for.” Oh, and Mary Taylor is a Republican. UPDATE “In the Trump era, the conviction has spread among elites—especially, but not only, among progressive elites—that the people have failed them. This very conviction, though, is an indication of how American elites have failed the people” [RealClearPolitics]. Very Brechtian: “Wouldn’t it be simpler if the government simply dissolved the people and elected another?” More: “One can quarrel with the elements of the “new social compact” that [Financial Times columnist Edward] Luce proposes [in The Retreat of Western Liberalism] to assist Western elites in regaining the people’s trust. In America, the compact would comprise an array of policies that are, he notes, not easy to pigeonhole. But with its call for universal health care, humane immigration laws, free speech on campuses and in the media, a greatly simplified tax code, a Marshall plan to retrain the middle class, emancipation of politics from money, and a reimagining of representative democracy, it resembles nothing so much as an updated version of the moderate center-left politics championed by Bill Clinton and Tony Blair.” Hmm. We saw Neera Tanden, et al., propose a “Marshall Plan” recently; but it was sloppy and unserious. UPDATE “The empirical evidence of the danger from administrative power is mounting. Not being directly accountable to the people – or even to judges who act without bias – administrative power crushes the life and livelihood out of entire classes of Americans, depriving them of work and even of lifesaving medicines. It therefore is difficult to avoid the conclusion that, overall, the administrative assault on basic freedoms is unnecessary and even dangerous” [RealClearPolitics]. “Americans therefore need to recognize that administrative power revives absolute power and profoundly threatens civil liberties. Once Americans understand this, they can begin to push back, and the fate of administrative power will then be only a matter of time.” Stats Watch Employment Situation, May 2017: “An unexpectedly weak employment report has put a rate hike at this month’s FOMC in doubt” [Econoday]. “Average hourly earnings are also not favorable. Wages are going nowhere with the year-on-year rate sitting at 2.5 percent. A fall in the participation is yet another negative… Unemployment is very low and contrasts with the lack of wage pressure.” Trump may be delivering for his base, but he’s not delivering for the volatility voters who went for MAGA (as they did for hope and change). And: “The household and establishment surveys were well out of sync this month. The unemployment rate drop was caused by a decline in the size of the workforce. One has mixed feeling while diving into the data – is the glass half full or empty?” [Econintersect]. And: “The headline jobs number was below expectations, and there were combined downward revisions to the previous two months. Is this is slowdown in hiring a short term issue, part of the normal business cycle, or due to a Trump Slump? My view is this slowdown in hiring is mostly part of the normal business cycle” [Calculated Risk]. And: “The chart says it all- deceleration that started when oil capex collapsed not abetting, and the decelerating credit charts indicate much more of same coming” [Mosler Economics]. Oil capex has been Mosler’s story consistently. If ditching Paris gives oil capex a boost, that might help Trump with his volatility voters, and some factions in the oligarchy, though not with his suburban base. International Trade, April 2017: [Econoday]. “The bad news is accelerating for the second quarter. The trade deficit widened in April to $47.6 billion from a revised $45.3 billion in March. This opens the quarter on yet another defensive front.” And: “Higher than expected trade deficit means GDP was that much lower than expected. And all highly $US unfriendly” [Mosler Economics]. And: “Our monthly analysis using unadjusted data showed less strength in both exports and imports relative to last month. But the data in this series wobbles and the 3 month rolling averages are the best way to look at this series. The 3 month averages are decelerating. This data will have a negative impact to 2Q2017 GDP” [Econintersect]. And: “The trade deficit with China increased to $27.6 billion in April, from $24.3 billion in April 2016” [Calculated Risk]. Housing: ” Loan origination volume hit a three year low this year. What? How is that possible when all the cheerleaders are out in the streets preaching the good gospel of buying real estate? Well the reality is that a good portion of the market is still driven by investors” [Dr. Housing Bubble]. “Nationally inventory is down 7.7 percent year-over-year. For Los Angeles, it is down 11.3 percent. And this is down from already record low levels. There is simply too few crap shacks available to buy. So that bodes well for prices right? Well that assumes the economy keeps chugging along and optimism runs supreme.” Retail: “Report: 1 in 4 Malls to Shutter by 2022” [Sourcing Journal]. “Though the commercial real estate industry has been putting a sunny face on its collective preparedness—anchors are becoming gyms! Storefronts are transforming into restaurants—its hard to imagine how all of this space will be repurposed in just 5 years. That said, some have been using the rash of closures and bankruptcies to oust low paying tenants in favor of businesses from which they can demand more…. And some property owners have more of a challenge than others. The credit agency highlights Simon Property Group and General Growth Properties as two of the once that have long since exited vulnerable B and C properties. Today each enjoy at least 96 percent occupancy. With 11 and 12 percent respective occupancy rates in weak malls, Macy’s and JC Penney have the most exposure, Credit Suisse noted.” Retail: “Major Wall Street Firm Expects 25% of U.S. Malls to Close by 2022” [Fortune]. “That translates to some 275 shopping centers in the next five years… the expected rash of closings is much more likely to hit low end malls than high end ones, or at least those that are well maintained. There is no doubt there is too much retail space in the U.S. and that a contraction has long been coming: there are 2,353 square feet of space of shopping centers in the U.S. for every 100 Americans, compared with 1,636 in Canada and 458 in Britain, according to recent data from CoStar Realty Information.” Seems like our mall space is just as out of line as our health care system. WTF? Retail: “[Radio Shack] shuttered more than 1,000 stores over the Memorial Day weekend, leaving the Fort Worth, Texas-based chain with just 70 company-owned stores” [247 Wall Street]. “Following the announcement over Memorial Day weekend, there will be 425 stores owned by franchisees and 500 dealer-owned stores. Most of the remaining company-owned locations of the 96-year-old electronics retailer are located in a handful of states, and three states have the lion’s share of them. New York has the most company-owned stores of any state, 22, followed by Pennsylvania with 18 and Texas with 13.” Radic Shack, bust. Shake Shack, boom. Why? Shipping; “China-Europe rail services are set to triple within three years as demand grows and shippers “catch on” to the advantages”” [The LoadStar]. “[Antonio Pacciolla, regional head of overland Europe at Panalpina] added: ‘The rail service is one-third the cost of air freight and twice as fast as ocean freight. It’s an interesting proposition that is catching on.'” Fascinating to watch China stretch as a land power. Shipping: “Kenya Just Opened a $4 Billion Chinese-Built Railway, its Largest Infrastructure Project in 50 Years” [Newsweek]. As above. But come on. Can the Chinese develop a $400 WiFi-enabled cold press juicer? Huh? Huh? Shipping: “The German shipowner Rickmers Group, established in 1834, is to file for insolvency after its bankers “surprisingly denied” approval of its financial restructuring” [The LoadStar]. I don’t like surprises. Shipping: “Rickmers Holding AG said it would file for insolvency after a proposal to refinance was “surprisingly denied” by creditor HSH Nordbank, the WSJ’s William Wilkes writes. Both the carrier and its creditor are victims of the deep slump in global ocean freight, where stagnant volumes and a glut of ships drove down rates. The biggest shipping lines consolidated into a handful of alliances to weather the downturn, while many smaller carriers went bust, saddling banks like HSH Nordbank with bad loans. The financial firm is under pressure from regulators to clean up its balance sheet, likely reducing its flexibility to extend more loans to keep Rickmers afloat. As a charterer leasing ships to third parties, a Rickmers bankruptcy likely wouldn’t cause the sort of disruption seen after Hanjin Shipping’s filing, which left billions of dollars in cargo stranded at sea” [Wall Street Journal]. The Bezzle: “Silicon Valley’s Unicorns Are Overvalued” [Stanford Business] (original study). “But are these magical beasts really dressed-up ponies? New research from Stanford Graduate School of Business Professor Ilya Strebulaev shows that these companies report values on average about 51% above what they are really worth. And some, including management software company Compass and financial technology company Kabbage, are more than 100% above fair market value.” But with all that stupid money sloshing about, who cares? The Bezzle: “Blue Apron Gears Up for IPO” [247 Wall Street]. “Since its inception, Blue Apron has scaled rapidly, developing its expertise and an ever-more ambitious vision. From inception through March 31, 2017, the company has delivered over 159 million meals to households across the United States, which represents about 25 million paid orders.” I’m filing this under The Bezzle because of a common factor they share with Silicon Valley startups: Ugly labor practices which, one day, may come back to bite them (and their valuation depends, does it not, on that never happening?) The Bezzle: “What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?” [The Economist]. “If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it. To be sure, regulators should watch out that cryptocurrencies do not become even more of a conduit for criminal activity, such as drug dealing. But they should think twice before coming down hard, particularly on ICOs. Being too spiky would not just prick a bubble, but also prevent a lot of the useful innovation that is likely to come about at the same time.” Ah. “Innovation.” Political Risk: “Bitcoin mining companies face shutdown in southwest China” [People’s Daily]. “Bitcoin mining companies have been shut down or relocated in Mabian Yi Autonomous County, home to a prosperous mining industry in southwest China’s Sichuan province, and the reason for the phenomenon is unclear…. Another industry insider reluctant to reveal his name said China is home to the largest amount of Bitcoin factories in the world, but the industry is under loose supervision.” Political Risk: “Google could face a $9bn EU fine for rigging search results in its favour” [Independent]. “The EU competition authority accused Google in April 2015 of distorting internet search results to favour its shopping service, harming both rivals and consumers.” Shocking, I know, that when the same company runs a search business and a shopping busienss the two come into conflict. Why don’t we break Google up? Climate: “The immediate industries that have the most to win and lose around climate change are solar, alternative energy, renewable energy, coal, oil and gas, and other fossil fuels. However, these industries did not translate into an obvious outcome in the financial markets. Does it seem odd that solar hardly budged or that coal and oil fell?” [247 Wall Street]. “What many industry watchers may have overlooked is that the global investment in clean energy already had posted a big decline in 2016. This was the first annual decline in years, and it was long before Trump became president.” Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 58 Greed (previous close: 58, Greed) [CNN]. One week ago: 58 (Greed). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed. Last updated May 19 at 11:57am. Back in form! Class Warfare “Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is testing a program that sends store employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts” [Bloomberg]. “Workers can opt in to earn extra money by making deliveries using their own cars. They’re assigned packages based on where they live so the route aligns with their commute home, the company said Thursday in a blog post. Wal-Mart didn’t specify how the employees will be compensated. The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey… About 90 percent of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart, and the company is using those locations as shipping hubs to compete with Amazon on the last mile of delivery — the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. By using existing workers in their own cars, Wal-Mart could create a vast network with little upfront cost, similar to how Uber Technologies Inc. created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars.” So there’s an accident when a Wal-Mart employee is doing this. How does the insurance work? “In much of the country, public housing is disappearing as governments fail to maintain the buildings or actively demolish them. That’s a disaster for many low-income people, who have nowhere else to go. But it’s hard to find much public support for maintaining the housing—let alone building more” [JSTOR]. News of the Wired I guess I’m just not feeling wired today. You? UPDATE “New U.S. visa applications ask for social media handles, email addresses for past 5 years” [Daily Dot]. This is madness, since other countries will do the same. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (ChiGal): ChiGal writes: “Notice in the first pic of the Grand Dame of the South there is a bee – yay!” * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the Naked Capitalism fundraisers. Please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00200 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on June 2, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Unsafe at Any Speed Redux: Pinto and Takata Recalls Compared Theresa May in Election Jitters Caught Lying About Tory Plans to Cut The NHS → Subscribe to Post Comments 130 comments justanotherprogressive June 2, 2017 at 2:09 pm “So there’s an accident when a Wal-Mart employee is doing this. How does the insurance work?” Well, if you are a “good” Walmart employee, you tell your insurance company that you were just going home. If you are a “bad” Walmart employee, you tell your insurance company you were delivering for Walmart and 1) you lose your job and 2) your insurance refuses to pay for any of the damages because you don’t have a “commercial” policy…… But, hey, either way Walmart is off the hook. After all, it’s up the employee to get commercial insurance for his own car….. Reply ↓ JamesG June 2, 2017 at 2:43 pm Having been responsible for insurance at a large corporation I can assure you that WalMart (run by competent people) has already thought through the insurance/risk angle and is getting insurer(s) on board before the program is introduced.. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive June 2, 2017 at 2:51 pm Those “competent people” at Walmart have foisted the cost of their employees working onto the taxpayer by paying their employees so low that many have to be on governmental assistance. God only knows what those “competent people” will do with this…… Reply ↓ Anon June 2, 2017 at 8:53 pm …competent people follow the directions given to them by “superiors”. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorJune 2, 2017 at 2:44 pm > After all, it’s up the employee to get commercial insurance for his own car….. Now I feel re-assured. Hey, maybe WalMart will offer employees a “special deal” on in-house car insurance! Reply ↓ No Way Out June 2, 2017 at 4:28 pm Why not bring the customers to and from the store also? A sort of Uber-Mart type of thing, where employee-drivers would then be told, “Well you were going to have to pay for the gas and insurance anyways.” Reply ↓ Jim Haygood June 2, 2017 at 2:11 pm On this historic Amazon Breakout Day (AMZN’s at 1,007), what better way to celebrate than with some chart porn? This morning the unemployment rate fell to a fresh cyclical low of 4.3 percent. Jeffrey Gundlach’s indicator — the U rate vs its 12-month MA [moving average], which signals recession when it rises above 1.0 — is sinking like a stone, along with probability of a recession anytime soon. It’s the black line in this chart: http://ibb.co/csv7dF Likewise, Ed Yardeni’s fundamental indicator shot up 3% during May to a fresh cyclical high for much the same reason: plunging unemployment claims, a proxy for economic strength. Behold the runaway chart: http://ibb.co/kTkhdF Well, we laid a strip for the stock exchange And prepared to cross the MA line I could see the floor was lined with bears But I didn’t have a dog-goned dime I says, Pig Pen, this here’s the Rubber Duck We just ain’t a-gonna pay no toll So we busted out the S&P I says Let them truckers roll, 10-4 — CW McCall, Convoy Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorJune 2, 2017 at 2:45 pm > plunging unemployment claims, a proxy for economic strength But do we believe that claims work the same way after the Great Recession as they worked before? Reply ↓ John Zelnicker June 2, 2017 at 3:08 pm @Lambert – Absolutely not. You’ve written extensively on the crapification of jobs and the gig economy. These are the exact reasons why the unemployment claims are no longer a “sign of strength in the economy”. A claim for unemployment benefits requires several consecutive quarters of employment with the same employer in the same state (different lengths of time by state). It is also a general requirement that you have lost your job through no fault of your own. In my own tax accounting practice I have seen employers challenging every single claim and even fudging the reasons why the person lost their job, e.g., saying the employee was chronically late and there are no time clocks to document it. If the employer denies the claim, the former employee has to go through all kinds of bureaucracy to get a hearing and convince a referee that he/she deserves the UE benefits. That’s hard to do when you are looking for a new job or end up doing gigs just to get by which means many don’t have time to do that follow through if denied. This makes it worthwhile for the employer to deny every claim, even if they lose a couple. I just remembered you once asking if these sorts of things were factors in the falling UE claims. The answer is emphatically “Yes!” Reply ↓ Grebo June 2, 2017 at 6:34 pm Wait- Why do employers care if ex-employees get benefits? Does the US make them pay for it?? Reply ↓ John k June 2, 2017 at 8:06 pm Yes. Ins rate goes up. Reply ↓ fritter June 2, 2017 at 3:31 pm Well, we don’t claim they are calculated anywhere near the same so that should be a no. See http://www.shadowstats.com/ Check out the U rate there if we were to measure it the same way as we did during the Great Depression. There is a pdf that explains thier methodology with handy charts here. If follows the “real economy” far better than the U3 number. Reply ↓ fritter June 2, 2017 at 3:20 pm So it passes 1.0 twice with no recession and twice with recession.. That’s not chart porn that’s chart kitty litter. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood June 2, 2017 at 4:13 pm In the spreadsheet I use a 1.5% tolerance. That is, the MA12 has to move above 1.015 to confirm recession. This 1.5% tolerance suppresses all of the spurious fractional crossings above 1.0. For now, the MA12 is at 0.926, so the song is the same, with or without the tolerance kludge. :-) Reply ↓ Jim Haygood June 2, 2017 at 4:19 pm Today’s close produced another trifecta featuring fresh records in the major indexes (S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Dow Industrials). Among the Five Horsemen — which by themselves constitute 12% of the S&P index and 42% of the Nasdaq 100 — Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft all powered to new highs. Chart: http://ibb.co/h1N1oF Bubble III is going parabolic on us, as the FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out) stage of crowd psychology kicks in with a vengeance. Reply ↓ djrichard June 2, 2017 at 5:10 pm 13week treasury almost at 1%. A little more than 100 basis points to go and the yield curve is inverted. Reply ↓ David s June 2, 2017 at 2:16 pm From what I understand, the Paris agreement was utterly inadequate. And, no country was adhering to it anyway. It appears to have been mostly something politicians could campaign on and use to beat each other up with. So why the outrage over pulling out of the agreement? Reply ↓ Bill Smith June 2, 2017 at 2:43 pm “Because of the terms of the agreement, it will take until 2020 for the United States to fully exit.” How is that possible since the the US joined the agreement by executive order? Is it possible that one US president can bind the next ones by executive order? What if the agreement had said it could not be withdrawn from? The US could never withdraw if a later president decided to? Executive orders have this power? Reply ↓ lyle June 2, 2017 at 9:57 pm This is precisely the problem with the agreement it was not made a treaty just like the Kyoto agreement never got ratified in both cases because you could not get 2/3 of the senate to vote for either. Since it was only signed by the president and not ratified it could be withdrawn by the next president if he so desired. Anyway I think Mr. Market indicates by pricing that eastern coal at least will never come back. Wyoming and Montana coal might, because they are lower sulfur surface mines which have far greater output per man hour, and the resource is less depleted. Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 3:09 pm And they’re whining about the country that apparently was key to lessening its impact and making it non-binding. It’s one of those pieces of policy like TPP, ACA or AHCA that’s not as advertised once the fine print is read. Reply ↓ lyle June 2, 2017 at 9:59 pm Because Obama could not get the senate to ratify it it was not in the form of a Treaty, which GW Bush withdrew from the senate. Not being in the form of a treaty meant it could not bind the US nor would the US be liable for any fines if it failed to live up to the agreement. All the agreement could do is reveal the results and see what happened. Reply ↓ John Zelnicker June 2, 2017 at 3:12 pm @David s – The Paris agreement may be inadequate. However, I’d like to see your evidence that “no country is adhering to it anyway”. Thanks. Reply ↓ David s June 2, 2017 at 4:59 pm https://www.vox.com/2016/10/4/13118594/2-degrees-no-more-fossil-fuels Reply ↓ Anon June 2, 2017 at 9:08 pm Maybe you just read the headline without comprehending the article? The US, EU, China and others do take Climate Change seriously (but also understand that the 2 degree Celsius benchmark may not be enough—1.5 degree Celsius would be better). The “goal” of the Paris Accord was to get some agreement and try and gain momentum, not provide a silver bullet. Trump is now finding himself the “village idiot” as country after country and US city after city pledge to continue with the goals of the Paris Accord. There are 10 times the number of renewable energy jobs in California than there are coal jobs across the whole US. Hell, even Pittsburg is offended by Trump’s idiocy on climate change! Reply ↓ witters June 2, 2017 at 9:39 pm “The “goal” of the Paris Accord was to get some agreement and try and gain momentum, not provide a silver bullet.” The agreement was to avoid any of the real implications of the Kyoto Protocol (which the US refused anyway). It didn’t build momenum, it took it away, as BO intended. And we do need a silver bullet. It has come to that. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL June 3, 2017 at 9:50 pm Silver bullet: using silver as a catalyst to convert hydrogen from water into dark matter plus unbelievable amounts of light energy that is then captured by photovoltaics. Story starts around the 17:00 minute mark: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dCzVUnnL00 Took 25 years of development, works by challenging the core assumptions about physics for the last 100 years. Put in the “But What If He’s Right?” file. Reply ↓ John Zelnicker June 3, 2017 at 9:09 am @David s – Thanks for the link. The article says “the world as a whole”. That is quite different from “no country”. Plenty of countries may be meeting the goals but when combined with the rest of the world the sum total is not meeting the goals. Reply ↓ Plenue June 2, 2017 at 3:41 pm Because liberals need something unsubstantial to whine about. Reply ↓ bondsofsteel June 2, 2017 at 5:41 pm It was inadequate… and it was the best deal that could be made. OTOH, It did give us a chance latter to make bigger changes to maybe avoid the worst. IMHO, the world leaders let out a collective sigh when the US dropped out. When disasters start happening, and they will, people will need someone to blame. The world will need a scapegoat, and the leaders who agreed to the Paris agreement will now get off scot free. The US will be the villain. Reply ↓ JTFaraday June 3, 2017 at 3:09 pm No, climate change denying Trumpertantrums will the villains. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny June 2, 2017 at 6:35 pm Doc, at least they agreed to something. Now it’s pretty much nothing. I’m heading back to my hole. Reply ↓ nowhere June 2, 2017 at 11:55 pm Yeah, it’s as if being out of an agreement that most scientists thought didn’t go far enough, and having no plan for coordinating world policy in the future (since Trump is supposed to be a great deal maker, why didn’t he get the world a better deal, rather than withdrawing). This was nothing more than Trump being an egomaniacal assh*le again, living in a fact free world in which he won’t suffer the consequences of his ridiculousness. As to the 24/7 Wallstreet article – if you read into the missing link about why investment was less in 2016, you’d find this: Another issue outside of falling costs was that clean energy spending was lower in China and Japan. These two nations have reportedly cut back on building large-scale projects. It even suggests that the nations have shifted their investment to digest the capacity they already have invested in during prior years. Justin Wu, head of Asia for Bloomberg New Energy Finance, said in the details of the report: After years of record-breaking investment driven by some of the world’s most generous feed-in tariffs, China and Japan are cutting back on building new large-scale projects and shifting towards digesting the capacity they have already put in place. China is facing slowing power demand and growing wind and solar curtailment. The government is now focused on investing in grids and reforming the power market so that the renewables in place can generate to their full potential. In Japan, future growth will come not from utility-scale projects but from rooftop solar systems installed by consumers attracted by the increasingly favorable economics of self-consumption. Reply ↓ dcblogger June 2, 2017 at 2:16 pm The 2016 election was stolen, by voter suppression and crosscheck. That no Democrat is talking about this, no Democrat is calling for hearings, tells us everything we need to know. And why can’t Hillary say something about this? It really did cost her the election. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido June 2, 2017 at 2:34 pm As the Clinton campaign and the Democrats stole the primary nomination, they are in no position to raise complaints about the general election. Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 2:35 pm If she said something about this, more people would realize that the 2016 Democratic Presidential primary was also stolen. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorJune 2, 2017 at 2:47 pm Don’t worry. The Democrats will regain power by appealing to wealthy suburban Republicans. And they’re already registered. Problem solved! Reply ↓ Marco June 2, 2017 at 3:28 pm This came up at FiveThirtyEight and one commenter politely reminded everyone that sizable drop-offs in voting (especially for black voters) also occurred in deep Blue States. So it’s complicated. Reply ↓ I Have Strange Dreams June 2, 2017 at 4:20 pm You’re embarrassing yourself. The ins and outs of this have already been discussed ad nauseum on this site. Have some dignity. Reply ↓ lambert strether June 2, 2017 at 6:45 pm 1. Don’t be a jerk 2. The ins and outs of 2016 are by no mrans settled Reply ↓ Propertius June 3, 2017 at 6:49 pm 3. “nauseam”. With an “a”. First declension. Reply ↓ crittermom June 2, 2017 at 4:25 pm “And why can’t Hillary say something about this?” Maybe because it was voter suppression that Hellary used in the primaries to cost Bernie the nomination? Remember how many voting places were closed down or had very limited hours during the primaries? Or how debates between her & Bernie were minimal, took place during the worst time slots–or just canceled? (think CA) If she brought that up, it would be reminding us the Dems were guilty of doing exactly that. And as we know, the Dems are never wrong. /sarc Sorry, but I disagree that’s what cost her the election. Her flip-flopping, trashing Trump, trashing voters (‘deplorables’) and lack of supporting policies the American people wanted is what cost her the election, IMHO. Trump was smarter. He didn’t flip-flop until after being elected (breaking every promise he ran on). Reply ↓ John Wright June 2, 2017 at 11:35 pm I believe HRC’s track record was difficult to cast in a good light. When I visited the local Northern California Democratic headquarters on the Saturday before the election I talked with an apparent middle aged female Democratic Hillary supporter/office staffer. When I asked what Hillary Clinton had done, she responded with “healthcare and financial reform”. Huh? HRC failed in her healthcare effort and financial industry friendly HRC limited her regulation of the financial industry to the appeal to “now cut that out”. And now HRC is talking “resistance”. Where was that resistance from Sen HRC when it came to GWB and the Iraq War? But if HRC is hastening the destruction of the Democratic party, perhaps leading to rebirth and renewal, maybe she should be encouraged in her efforts. If that is the case, Go Hillary go… Reply ↓ Skip Intro June 3, 2017 at 1:19 am Hillary was always essentially unelectable. The fact that they felt they needed Trump as an opponent shows that her campaign understood that. But it was ‘her turn’, and the party apparatchiks cleared the field for her well in advance. The overconfidence and bogus polling were a noxious mix of groupthink, cluelessness, and the reliance of polling on turnout models which cannot anticipate record-breaking dislike/distrust of the candidate by the party base. Reply ↓ Scott June 2, 2017 at 2:18 pm I’ve had similar thoughts about the elephant chart, namely that many environmentalists in the US want to have poor and working class pay more for electricity and to heat their homes. They oppose the extension of natural gas pipelines, which would displace oil for heating, lowering the fuel costs for middle and lower income people, but are unwilling to move to smaller homes or stop flying to Europe or Florida for vacation. For them, the costs of preventing global warming cannot fall on the developing world or themselves, leaving it to the lower income people in the developed world to shoulder the costs. I was primarily thinking about this in light of the Cannes Film Festival, which had movie stars and the wealthy from around the world fly to southern France in private jets to spend time on yachts. They see no irony when many of the same individual denounce Trump’s actions this week. Reply ↓ Altandmain June 2, 2017 at 2:40 pm Yeah it is a big double standard. The very rich probably have enough carbon emissions to rival a small city. Interesting read: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/01/120126100641.htm I think though that social justice demands that working class people should have to sacrifice less than the very rich. Reply ↓ jrs June 2, 2017 at 2:45 pm This is just a bunch of stereotypes, somehow stereotypes became arguments in modern American political thought. But they really aren’t an argument. All environmentalists live in big homes and/or fly a lot? As for flying I guess some very prominent environmentalists have a decent argument justifying it as spreading the message. They may not be wrong, that the good of that outweighs any harm from flying. I don’t know how one would ever objectively evaluate that though. Many multiples of this much flying probably take place just “conducting business” and having nothing to do with the environment (or with vacations for that matter – which seem to get all the focus and none on business travel for some odd reason). Environmentalists don’t address the concerns of the poor enough? Oh how would anyone even know? Does anyone imagine it’s environmentalists driving public policy? (even under a Dem administration). I really doubt this. There are carbon tax proposals that address income redistribution. If they are dead on arrival this has very little to do with environmentalists. I suppose environmentalists could be more vocal about this at best. Reply ↓ Carolinian June 2, 2017 at 4:00 pm Didn’t Hillary’s speaking contract demand that she be provided a private jet for every appearance? Does John Podesta know? Does John Podesta use private jets? Unfortunately AGW is a great issue for grandstanding but the great unwashed might be more inclined to listen to the elites on this issue if the latter led by example. And some on the web have made the point that Trump has withdrawn from an agreement that Obama, unlike almost all the other signatories, didn’t bother to submit to the American public via the legislature. If the Dems are really serious about the issue they are going to have to expend some political capital. Talk is cheap. Reply ↓ Optinader June 2, 2017 at 6:29 pm Gulfstream 450 (or larger)… When a G5 just isnt big enough https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gulfstream_IV#G350.2FG450 http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-05-23/hillary-clintons-keynote-speech-requirements Reply ↓ WeakenedSquire June 2, 2017 at 7:48 pm submit to the American public via the legislature LOL Reply ↓ a different chris June 2, 2017 at 2:53 pm You seem to be falling for the old “look at those people on TV” crap. I mean, the Cannes Film Festival? Jesus the number of attendees, including the press, isn’t even near that of a failing Midwest small town. This crap about “environmental costs” vs. The Poors just gets old. Us middle-class people appreciate finding ourselves on the list now, btw. >For them, the costs of preventing global warming cannot fall on the developing world or themselves Quotes? Specific examples? Reply ↓ Loblolly June 2, 2017 at 4:11 pm isn’t even near that of a failing Midwest small town. Are you being deliberately obtuse for rhetorical reasons or are you failing to understand the statement being made? Thesis: The energy consumed./ carbon generated to transport and entertain the attendees to Cannes is probably significant and undermines the message. A different chris: “…crap….failing Midwest …The Poors…” Case closed! Reply ↓ a different chris June 2, 2017 at 7:39 pm Deep breath…..but WTF? Ok so DiCaprio flys in a private jet to France. Yeah it’s like 100000 people driving to work for a day or something.. …whatever the number is, DiCaprio doesn’t have to do it every day. He doesn’t have to do it at all. He. Can. Stop. But those whatever-the-number of equivalent Ed Bundys cannot stop, otherwise they cannot pay their bills, cannot put food on their families unless we change the system. The celebs@Cannes have a big f’ing microphone. You think they should just stay at home? Think all that press is going to pay any attention to them if they do? I think they should get attention any way possible. Again WTF. So let’s cancel Cannes, let the celebs stay home, and, I dunno, Madison Wisconsin can have one free pass on one morning commute. Who is being obtuse, here? Reply ↓ Pat June 2, 2017 at 9:23 pm Pardon me, but you do realize that Cannes is a film festival, and that any use of that big f’ing microphone beyond selling the picture they are there to promote is pretty a side show? It all has to come after doing their job – selling the film they are there to promote. IOW it is about their job and their bottom line – not your pet cause. And no one has to cancel Cannes, how about all those celebrities and executives and their assistants go in a one big plane all crowded together and only do one flight, maybe two max. Oh, but they can’t do that. Reply ↓ Darius June 2, 2017 at 4:25 pm Come on. Some celebrities flew in private jets? Sounds to me like reasonable justification for sacrificing the world’s coastal regions. Reply ↓ Skip Intro June 3, 2017 at 1:23 am Indeed, this is another case of using The Poors, or whoever, as human shields, like claiming anyone who didn’t support Hillary wwas misogynist… Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 3:13 pm Which also gives credence to claims about who is really going to bear the costs of “saving the planet.” They are not giving up those jets and events. Not ever. Not giving up the bombs, either. Reply ↓ Green cars June 2, 2017 at 4:58 pm Saving the planet by purchasing more cars? https://twitter.com/GovHowardDean/status/870566764844904448 [ Howard Dean‏Verified account @GovHowardDean The next car I buy will be made in a state or a country which observes the Paris accords] The comments are quite funny too. Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 8:08 pm My next car will be whatever is affordable with cash I save – no loan needed. Like other cars I’ve bought before. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin June 2, 2017 at 10:52 pm That’s a good Democrat. It’s not like we have an auto industry worth preserving Reply ↓ djrichard June 2, 2017 at 5:43 pm Not the elephant chart that you’re looking for, but I thought this chart was interesting Comparison of Growth Areas and Emissions, 1980-2015. From https://www.epa.gov/air-trends/air-quality-national-summary. Interesting that CO2 emissions growth has essentially tracked population growth. Except for the interlude following the economy getting kicked in the teeth. But since 2012 that trend seems to be back in place. I’m guessing maybe because vehicle mile trend has recovered and then some. On a side note, like I said the CAGR in vehicle miles seems to now be increasing compared to pre economy-getting-kicked-in-the-teeth. I wonder why that is. Reply ↓ djrichard June 2, 2017 at 5:57 pm Maybe this is the elephant chart in that it speaks to winners and losers, with US and China graphed specifically Global, Regional, and National Fossil Fuel CO2 Emissions. This is from: http://www.prb.org/publications/datasheets/2014/2014-world-population-data-sheet/data-sheet.aspx Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 10:04 pm I think we can be quite certain that most of the people who fly in private jets are right wingers who oppose much of the environmentalist agenda. The corporate CEOs, hedge fund magnates, private equity pirates, and most of the billionaire heirs in those jet are definitely not environmentalists. As Pat pointed out at 9:23 PM, any environmental posturing that occurs at the Cannes Film Festival is a side show — people are there to publicize movies and to make millions of dollars. Most environmentalists do practice what they preach, by driving less, or with lower emissions vehicles. Many have been recycling for several decades, and have made other adjustments to their lifestyles for the sake of the biosphere. Sure, many could do more — especially the ones who are in denial about the severe harm of overpopulation. But let’s not buy into the right wing fantasy that environmentalists are trying to shift the blame and the pain of environmental protection onto the poor. Reply ↓ Propertius June 3, 2017 at 6:58 pm I would expect that the hedge fund magnates and private equity pirates have a vested interest in the Hamptons not being submerged. They just don’t want to experience any personal inconvenience to achieve that. Reply ↓ George Phillies June 2, 2017 at 2:26 pm Perhaps a miniphant chart, showing how our withdrawal from an agreement that the Senate did not ratify actual has effects on the American renewable energy industry? Reply ↓ petrel June 2, 2017 at 2:31 pm Reading the article about Ohio Lt. Governor Taylor and her sons reminded me of an article about a completely different subject, “Only White Men Get to Do Apology Tours”. https://www.damemagazine.com/2017/05/25/only-white-men-get-do-apology-tours The article from Dame Magazine is about Jimmy Fallon and Billy Bush and their attempts to rehabilitate their images post-Donald Trump, and about how rich white guys get to fail several times whereas for non-rich-white-guys, one failure might be one too many. The excerpt that reminded me was about how Billy Bush saw the light when his kids complained about it. “However, the lessons Bush “learned” appear to be all the wrong ones. He states THREE separate times during his interview with The Hollywood Reporter that he wishes he had just changed the topic on that fateful day, as if glossing over rape culture helps to eradicate it any more than laughing along with casual “jokes” does. Bush also describes how his middle child, Mary (then aged 15), called him crying and asked, “Why were you laughing at the things that [Trump] was saying on that bus, Dad? They weren’t funny.” Through his teenage daughter’s eyes, Bush claims that he has “come out of this with a deeper understanding of how women can connect to the feeling of having to fight extra hard for an even playing field” and then further asserts, “I am in the women-raising business, exclusively. I have three daughters—Mary, Lillie, Josie—and I care very much about the world and the people they encounter.” Tying the abuse of patriarchal power to one’s female kin precisely mirrors the way disingenuous Republicans—who had all amplified Trump’s deeply misogynistic campaign to victory—reacted when the Access Hollywood clip came out last October. Much like these GOP enablers, Bush can only see sexism as a force that might affect the women related to him, not as a larger societal problem for which he could be a part of the solution.” (emphasis mine) I’m not saying that Lt. Governor Taylor didn’t care about Ohio’s opioid problems, but I wish her concern had been just as loud as it is before it happened to someone related to her. And incidentally, Taylor is opposed to Medicaid expansion which Dr. Joshua Sharfstein, associate dean of public health at Johns Hopkins University (and quoted in the article) stated is the largest provider of addiction treatment in many states. But Taylor, true to her party’s colors, is against Medicaid expansion. It appears that the pain she feels for those in Ohio suffering from addiction stops at her own pocketbook. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorJune 2, 2017 at 3:33 pm > I wish her concern had been just as loud as it is before it happened to someone related to her. That’s very true. So it’s good to see the Democrats really focusing on this, because they’re the inclusive party that takes a systemic view. Oh, wait…. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes June 2, 2017 at 3:54 pm Yes, I’m on several democrat forums and not a single peep about this. It’s all Trump, Comey, and Russia all the time. Reply ↓ neo-realist June 2, 2017 at 7:07 pm Badminton is an addictive sport for neo-liberal democratic athletes. Bareknuckle fighting your real opponents outside of the cocoon is verboten. Reply ↓ TK421 June 2, 2017 at 4:59 pm Really? It sure seems to me that Hillary failed plenty of times, yet was still handed the nomination in 2016. Is she a white man and I never noticed? Reply ↓ I Have Strange Dreams June 2, 2017 at 5:46 pm She’s a liberal: asexual, bland, homogeneous, without morals, values, beliefs or any distinguishing feature apart from self-interest. A liberal can be any gender or race because they are merged into the neoliberal thought collective (Mirowski), the Borg, the Blob, the Man. liberalism is a concentrated knot of evil. Any other political ideology can be considered as a possible alternative, and there are no restrictions. The only exception is liberalism, which must be destroyed, crushed, overthrown, obsolete. – Dugin Reply ↓ clarky90 June 2, 2017 at 7:10 pm Kathy Griffin Press Conference 6/2/2017 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBJof8k1eUI Kathy Griffin Responds to the repercussions to her photo, (holding a representation of the severed head of the POTUS). The press conference is 31 minutes long. Kathy Griffin and her two lawyers speak. They take questions from the media at the end. This is unedited information. I found it very interesting and informative. I would urge people to watch and draw their own conclusions. IMO, it speaks directly to “class warfare”, and the divide between Red Sensibilities and Blue Sensibilities. Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 10:09 pm liberalism is a concentrated knot of evil. Oh, come on! Conservatism or any sort of fanatical extremism are responsible for a lot more evil in the world than liberalism is. Reply ↓ Optimader June 2, 2017 at 11:25 pm K Griffith presents as a very intolerant person, so i think referring to her as a liberal is incorrect in the classic sense. Maybe just toss her in the Progressive bucket as a garbage diagnosis? I would say Progressive, desperate, lacking judgement and maybe a bit nuts? IIRC she is one of these people with low self esteem that has self medicated with elective cosmetic surgeries due to a distorted self image. When I think liberal I think the likes of FDR and LBJ? Butmaybe I am just out of the contrmporary loop re:labels? Reply ↓ nowhere June 2, 2017 at 11:42 pm Yeah, this thread gets pretty weird on Friday nights. Reply ↓ Massinissa June 3, 2017 at 3:10 am Ugh, whats wrong with being asexual? You say that like its the same as not having moral values or distinguishing features… Feels like a strange inclusion. Reply ↓ Yves Smith June 3, 2017 at 3:15 am Yes, even if true, it should not be on the list of why to disapprove of her. Old women are unsexy, with very rare exceptions. So you are really saying you deem it to be reasonable to hate old women in positions of authority when I doubt you’d say the same of old men (as in over 60). Separately, Churchill apparently had a very low sex drive. His biographies refer to contemporaries describing him as being “undersexed”. Reply ↓ skippy June 3, 2017 at 4:07 am Butt people having sex are happier…. rimshot… lol. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 5:46 pm Medicaid expansion. Go all the way, cover everyone, rich and poor, no questions asked. Reply ↓ Altandmain June 2, 2017 at 2:36 pm Apparently there are Sanders backers looking to challenge Paul Ryan’s seat for 2018: http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/336056-sanders-backer-prepares-to-challenge-paul-ryan-in-2018 ON a personal note, I have yet to hear back from that interview last week. Another question: Has anyone ever seen a temp job, where the employer demands that you not search for work while working at the temp job? They can terminate you at any time literally, but they are demanding that you work the full length of the contract? Reply ↓ Alex Morfesis June 2, 2017 at 3:15 pm About enforcement of temp employment terms…just search your local courthouse to see if they have actually ever taken anyone to court…doesn’t sound as though you have received anything beyond normal compensation for “additional consideration”…each state is different…and within states appeals courts may have split decisions that have never been taken upstairs to reconcile differences… you might poke around to see if there are any pro bono resources available to you from the local bar association… you don’t get if you don’t ask…worst they can say is no… minor sidebar…try to avoid pro bono help from tall building law firms… Reply ↓ Altandmain June 2, 2017 at 5:10 pm Yeah thanks. I don’t think that they could really take someone to court and win. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorJune 2, 2017 at 3:35 pm > the employer demands that you not search for work while working at the temp job? That’s demented! (And a partial answer to those plunging unemployment claims, too?) Reply ↓ Altandmain June 2, 2017 at 5:12 pm Yeah I think that this is increasingly getting ugly. It’s become the equal of ordinary workers with non-compete clauses. http://time.com/money/4328330/non-compete-agreements-common/ I’m thinking that the labor laws should be tightened up. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin June 2, 2017 at 5:08 pm That is interesting about Ryan and Bryce. My local rag had a story the other day about someone moving from Ohio to Kenosha specifically to challenge Ryan. I with them all the best but I’m not sure he’s beatable. ohio-political-activist-to-run-against-paul-ryan Reply ↓ Altandmain June 2, 2017 at 5:27 pm Paul Ryan will have a lot of money at his side I’m afraid. He won 65% of the vote last election: So whomever wants to run against Ryan will have their work cut out for them. Reply ↓ alex morfesis June 2, 2017 at 2:37 pm was there a there there in the lima-paris global foaming agreement ? seems the fine print suggests otherwise…an agreement to agree on future agreements and to take 4+ years to analyze ideas to future possible agreements… http://unfccc.int/files/bodies/cop/application/pdf/overview_1cp21_tasks_.pdf mayhaps there is more to this discussion than just discussions about discussions, but seems as though there really is no there there… just a wonderful wedding ceremony and the vows, but all the money that should have been spent to help the marriage go forth and prosper was handed off to the catering hall… Thank you for calling mountain top realty, how many homesites are you looking to invest in…?? yes there still are choice sites available, although some hedge fund folks were seen taking pictures last week… Reply ↓ Pat June 2, 2017 at 2:38 pm Regarding Radio Shack, I think some of the issue there might be that right to repair thing. Being able to repair your radio, television, etc has gotten fairly impossible. For myself, I didn’t buy large things at Radio Shack, I bought parts for repair and items to make cabling easier. As more and more the most I could repair or replace on things was the electrical cord, I went there less and less. I’m betting if you could a get a new screen and instructions on how to replace the broken one on your tablet or phone from them, and other things like that they might not be so troubled. Reply ↓ Altandmain June 2, 2017 at 2:42 pm I have found a huge decline in the selection of parts of what I get at Radio Shack and have long since stopped going there. I usually go on the internet for parts these days. Tools too. iFixIt often has pretty lengthy documentation on how to repair electronics. It even rates their repairability. If you intend to repair, you should buy something with a good score. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim June 2, 2017 at 4:43 pm Seconding the nomination of iFixIt. Reply ↓ FreeMarketApologist June 2, 2017 at 4:50 pm Exactly. 40 years ago I was a regular at RS because it was the only local place to buy electronic components if you wanted to build or repair things. There was mail order, but it was time consuming, not significantly cheaper, and you often had to order large lots — but they did have a wider selection. As I built less, and as things became more “no user serviceable parts inside”, RS cut back on their single component line, and simultaneously became uncompetetive in the consumer electronics space (phones, sound gear, home electronics, etc.) as these became more commonplace and available through more brick & mortar retailers. Enter the internet where major suppliers now provide single units with overnight shipping for reasonable prices (components: Mouser; electronics: NewEgg, etc.), and you have essentially the same story that has been told by other small chains and local businesses. People would rather go to Shake Shack for the hedonic experience, and spend the $$ to buy a new clock radio, than go to RS to buy the replacement parts and spend the time fixing the old clock radio. Reply ↓ Octopii June 3, 2017 at 12:44 pm If anyone has the opportunity to visit a Micro Center, it is a wonderful example of what Radio Shack could have done to survive and prosper. They stock all kinds of parts and supplies for fixing things that are supposed to be unfixable (such as iDevices etc), and they have a massive selection of electronics and computer parts at reasonable prices (for retail). Don’t mean to sound like an ad, but it’s one of my favorite stores and I like to support them when possible rather than buying online. I think Fry’s is similar but I’ve never been in one. Anyway, it’s a private company that’s been around for a while and they seem to be doing things right. Radio Shack became rudderless after the founder’s death. Before that, as a very young customer I remember begging Mom to stop in so I could test tubes on their huge free tester and get parts for projects. They did a lot toward teaching American kids about electronics back then — anyone remember the 150 in 1 project kits? As they moved into the computer business it went downhill as PCs became commodified, and they stopped making their own products. To prop up the company they pioneered the sale-and-leaseback practice on properties. The loss is a shame and a loss for the country, just like Sears. Reply ↓ roxy June 2, 2017 at 3:00 pm Blueapron IPO “its founders wanted to cook at home with their families, but they found grocery shopping and menu planning burdensome, time-consuming and expensive.” Please. It ain’t that tough. The labor abuse and the excessive packaging are each reason enough to delete this silly company from a list of “things I would spend money on.” Reply ↓ nippersmom June 2, 2017 at 3:40 pm My local Publix has featured menus, including recipes and a list of grocery items you will need, every week. Several of my cookbooks also have sample menus, and I’m sure they are readily available online as well. Depending on what one cooks, it can be time-consuming, but menu-planning doesn’t have to be “burdensome”. I find it difficult to believe that paying a third-party to package and deliver your grocery items for you is more cost-effective than shopping for oneself, and it doesn’t allow for the serendipitous discovery of a sale, or of beautiful local produce. Reply ↓ nowhere June 2, 2017 at 11:44 pm It may be more time effective. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes June 2, 2017 at 3:42 pm How much time does it really save with these meal delivery kits? If you regularly buy some staples, have a ready stock of condiments and spices, you are good to go. A lot of Blue Apron’s recipes are simple to cook but I still have to prep and cook the food. Plus the packages are so big, I would need a very large fridge to accomodate a week’s supply of meals. Reply ↓ PKMKII June 2, 2017 at 4:59 pm And that assumes everything arrives fresh and not rotten, which has been an issue with Blue Apron and like companies. Reply ↓ clarky90 June 2, 2017 at 10:07 pm In Varanasi, in 1972, a young French traveler taught me how to cook. Being able to cook without a recipe and without particular ingredients is a life changer. I began with an aluminium round bottomed pot, supported by three stones, over dried cow dung fire! I recommend skipping that part, and just use a regular pot, on a regular stove. Add cooking oil or fat to the pot. Add herbs or spices to the oil. (the flavors go into the oil). Perhaps, add meat or fish? (I was a vegetarian back then). Then add the aromatic vegetables, like onions, peppers, celery (the flavors go into the oil). Then add a liquid (usually water, but could be wine, milk, broth, beer..) plus the non-aromatic veges (potatoes, broccoli, cauli, carrots… Also, add pulse/beans/grains etc if you wish. Simmer until done. Now, how to implement?. Start with oil, fat, butter. Add herbs or spices (weeds work well) that you have….. and so on. Follow the order. Just cook with what ingredients you have in the kitchen or yard. It save lots of time because you do not have to make special shopping trips. You do not have to agonize over recipes. Bon Appétit! This is in one pot. If you use extra pots, you could have rice or green vegetables or a dessert … as separate dishes. Both of my sons could cook a meal before they were 5 years old. You can make an infinite number of meals by just varying the ingredients. Even desserts can be made- just use sweetish spices, oils and other ingredients. Reply ↓ Goyo Maquez June 2, 2017 at 3:14 pm Re: “Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire.” That’s the Clinton MO, accuse your opponents of what you’re doing, before they accuse you. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 3:47 pm The other MO is the presumption that her team is always pure and virtuous, while questioning the other side”s motive (vast right wing conspiracy, never matter the facts/his conflict of interest, as if she has none). Reply ↓ L Shannon Bridges June 2, 2017 at 3:28 pm Hi Lambert, I’m writing to suggest a potential new source for you to curate. I’ve been impressed with Irami Osei-Frimpong for some time now. Here’s the latest: https://medium.com/@iramioseifrimpong/real-power-is-in-production-not-consumption-959f4016df09. Of course, please let me know if you need the submission in another format. Thanks! Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorJune 2, 2017 at 3:36 pm No, this is great because others can see. Reply ↓ freedeomny June 2, 2017 at 8:28 pm OK – but could NC NOT become a site that “curates”! Sorry L Shannon – just hate that word..:) Reply ↓ a different chris June 2, 2017 at 8:02 pm I clicked and read, thought not bad, so clicked on another article and he made me sit straight up in my seat with this: “For example, unlike the LGBTQIA community, there isn’t a random smattering of black people cropping up in families of powerful non-black people.” Nice! I will read more. Of course in fact there actually was quite a bit of that, and documented too! — in the 19th century, but “cropping up in the families” still meant you had to live in the shacks in the back that great humanitarians like Jefferson provided. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry June 2, 2017 at 9:33 pm That’s not quite true. Racially mixed families through marriage or equivalent long term relationship are increasingly common today as the taboos are breaking down. I think it’s great. Reply ↓ XXYY June 2, 2017 at 4:18 pm Welcome back, Lambert! It’s been a long week without you. Reply ↓ allan June 2, 2017 at 4:38 pm The owner of the Washington Post Amazon thinks that your time is worth $12/hour. Spendable only at the company store. In my inbox today: Dear … As part of our ongoing effort to provide better services and support, we would like to request your feedback via this online survey. It should only take about 25 minutes to complete. As a sign of our appreciation, customers who qualify for and complete the survey will receive a $5 Amazon.com Gift Card. Please allow us until July 30, 2017 for sending gift card to your registered email ID. … To be fair, that’s ten times as much as many people earn on Mechanical Turk, so Amazon must like me. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim June 2, 2017 at 4:45 pm I’m on the receiving end of many survey requests like this one. And I’m calling ’em what they are, a tax on time. Which is why I don’t respond. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny June 2, 2017 at 6:42 pm Send a mail setting your rate at what you think you’re worth. They stopped bothering me for nonsense. But I do get an occasional request at the rate I set. Reply ↓ mk June 3, 2017 at 12:48 pm The ones I receive are for “a chance to win” a $100 prepaid visa card, what BS. Reply ↓ Jessica June 2, 2017 at 4:53 pm “Shocking, I know, that when the same company runs a search business and a shopping business the two come into conflict. Why don’t we break Google up?” To be more precise, there is no such thing as a “search business”. No one ever figured out a way to make money from search engines. Google became Google because they used a free search engine as the base for an advertising business. We don’t need to break up Google into a shopping business and a search business. We need to fund search some way other than as a business. And by “fund search”, I mean “fund search” not “fund search and pay a stable of billionaires”. Reply ↓ Tom Stone June 2, 2017 at 4:57 pm There’s plenty of inventory here in Sonoma County, as long as you are in the market for a home priced at $1MM or more. Reply ↓ Carolinian June 2, 2017 at 5:29 pm A useful evisceration of Obama with some NC overtones. http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/06/02/obama-a-hollow-man-filled-with-ruling-class-ideas/ Dozens of former Obama associates interviewed by Garrow report having been impressed, even blown away by the future president as a young man. But many others were put off by Obama’s sense of superiority and arrogance (“full of himself” by the recollection of one Harvard Law classmate) and by his often lecturing, professorial “know it all” presentation – and by his transparent hyper-ambition. During his time at Harvard Law, fellow students invented “the Obamanometer” – a numerical measure of how long Obama would spend taking up class time with long-winded dialogue with the professor, often while claiming to speak on behalf of his fellow students. Obama struck many on his way up as far too impressed with his own awesomeness. As one of his fellow black Illinois state senators commented to another veteran legislator as Obama began his eight-year career in the Illinois Senate in 1996, “Can you believe this guy’s some thirty years old [and] he’s already written a book about himself?” The narcissism is matched by the cowardice. As a young woman, she was frustrated by young Obama’s lack of “courage.” Writing to Garrow in August of 2013, Jager [ex-girlfriend] saw that cowardice in his excessively “pragmatic,” disengaged, and “compromising” presidency: “the seeds of his future failings were always present in Chicago. He made a series of calculated decisions when he began to map out his political life at the time and they involved some deep compromises. There is a familiar echo in the language he uses now to talk about the compromises he’s always forced to make and the way he explained his future to me back then, saying in effect I ‘wish’ I could do this, but ‘pragmatism and the reality of the world has forced me to do that.’ From the bailout out to NSA to Egypt, it is always the same. The problem is that ‘pragmatism’ can very much look like what works best for the moment. Hence, the constant criticism that there is no strategic vision behind his decisions. Perhaps this pragmatism and need to just ‘get along in the world’ (by accepting the world as it is instead of trying to change it) stems from his deep-seated need to be loved and admired which has ultimately led him on the path to conformism and not down the path of greatness which I had hoped for him.” And key point: Obama was into golf long before he became president. Oreo cookie may be a crude epithet but if the shoe fits…… At any rate long but worth a read. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner June 2, 2017 at 6:44 pm Despite differences between authors which I don’t want to go into, I don’t see much Obama hagiography in the future. Much like Bill, its a story of working for Wall Street and arms manufacturers and not much else. I have wondered about how many elected Dems backed Hillary largely over regret from backing Obama for so long or saw Hillary as a means of turning the page on the Obama years. Reply ↓ Carolinian June 2, 2017 at 7:12 pm Hey I thought Hillary would be better than Obama in 2008. Her nutty hawkishness wasn’t so obvious then. I guess one could defend Obama by saying the job doesn’t seem to attract the best candidates. We have traded one narcissist for another. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner June 2, 2017 at 7:38 pm “It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it… anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.” -Douglas Adams Reply ↓ witters June 2, 2017 at 9:48 pm Reinventing Plato. And my favourite quote from The Reppublic: None of them [the Rulers] is to have any private property, except what is absolutely indispensible …unlike any of their citizens, they are not permitted to have any contact or involvement with gold or silver: they are not to come under the same roof as gold or silver, or wear them on their bodies, or drink from gold and silver cups. These precepts will guarantee not only their own integrity, but the integrity of the community which is in their safe keeping. If they do come to own land and homes and money, they will be estate-managers and farmers instead of guardians; they will become despots, and enemies rather than allies of the inhabitants of the community; they will spend their lives being hating and being hated, plotting and being plotted against; they will have internal enemies to fear more, and more intensely, than their external enemies. With private property, they will be racing ever closer to the ruin of themselves and the whole community (416d-417b). Reply ↓ John June 2, 2017 at 7:32 pm Great post! Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes June 3, 2017 at 11:31 am This is a great post on what Obama was like before he became President. Now we can see that he was never was what he pretended to be. Hope and Change, Yes we can was all cynical empty sloganeering. Obama is pretty much like Trump: all form, no substance. The K Street lobbyists and their Wall Street backers could already see that Obama craved to be in the elite circles they were already in and that Obama would not really do anything to disrupt the status quo and his ascension into the elite. Reply ↓ Octopii June 4, 2017 at 10:20 am Oreo cookie, really?!? Did not realize I was reading Zero Hedge or Unz. You’re right, it is a crude epithet, and it adds less than nothing to your piece. Reply ↓ RenoDino June 2, 2017 at 5:32 pm http://news.mit.edu/2016/how-much-difference-will-paris-agreement-make-0422 Not gospel, but it does answer its own question: not very much. The difference is so small as to be negligible. And let’s not forget about the always intruding and down right rude margin of error. Spoiler Alert: In the End We Are Still Going Extinct. But in the meantime, all the cool kids like Obama and Macron can look all cool for looking outraged. Reply ↓ Carolinian June 2, 2017 at 7:08 pm From a couple of weeks ago but this is an interesting interview with Chomsky on the Nader podcast. It’s big picture stuff. https://ralphnaderradiohour.com/3277-2/ Reply ↓ Code Name D June 2, 2017 at 7:45 pm Political Science Theater 2000 An editorial was posted yesterday that was absolutely horrendous. It was soooooo bad, I just had to respond to it. Today’s episode: Sanders Supporters Were “Unwitting Agents” of Russians Or: How I unwittingly read this witless rant about willful Russians, I think. https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bz7i8HBXaPHwT21mamozOE9QMVU Let me know what you think. Reply ↓ allan June 2, 2017 at 8:32 pm Trump to nominate Richard Spencer for Navy secretary [The Hill] Sadly, not that one. Reply ↓ jawbone June 2, 2017 at 8:50 pm https://theintercept.com/2017/06/01/french-president-emmanuel-macron-offers-refuge-american-climate-scientists/ Macron invites American scientists, researchers, entrepreneurs to live and work in France. In English. Reply ↓ Sputnik Sweetheart June 3, 2017 at 1:31 am Trolling Donald Trump, pretending to care about the environment (despite supporting CETA/TTIP and appointing a former nuclear lobbyist as his prime minister) and perhaps having an inflow of American immigrants willing to work under the crappified working conditions of his forced labour law reforms, making French jobs more precarious. A win-win-win situation for him! Reply ↓ JTMcPhee June 2, 2017 at 10:32 pm The world as the upright consumer/libertarian thinks it should be, versus how it is: XXXXX of Singapore, Other on March 25, 2017 Satisfaction Rating Last week, XXXXXXX, my computer downed by power surges. Upon sending to XXXX repair service centre, only to be told that motherboard and graphic card were damaged beyond repair. That particular model was no more producing spare parts. The computer had worked for 5 years. And had reached product life span maturity. So it is due for scrapyard. The advice is to purchase a new model. I felt that power surge protection should be built into computer to assure any disruption/damage due to power surges. Cost wise, it is consider less than fifty dollars. I believe customer satisfaction should be a priority in service delivery company policy. Customer is the paymaster who pay for the service. If customer is not satisfied, then an alternative supplier should take over the delivery of service. It just do not make sense. A company exist to deliver goods/services to earn a revenue. If it fail to deliver to the satisfaction of customer, then the company should be eliminated. Or debar from any further contract in the business. This administrative control measure ensure that the market is not spoilt by just a black sheep. Consumers should bade them goodbye and best of luck. There is no room for complacency. If it fail to meet the mark, then it should not be in the market selling poor product/service. The Safety Mark stamped on product which passed the quality check should be the trademark informing consumers of its expected standard. A whole lot of unintentionally ironic and humorous lines in there, no? And maybe save the condescending lectures on how the mope is so very misguided and had the benefit of his bargain?… Reply ↓ dk June 2, 2017 at 11:53 pm I’m all for getting off of the Russophobia train, but back-burnering it may not be a good idea either, it just sits and ripens. Climate, as a global issue demanding global participation, makes an interesting contrast with the Russian “problems,” in that current US positions regarding Russia are based on the One World Leader frame for geopolitics: One Nation To Rule Them All, and All The Other Problems Magically Vanish, Because They Arose From Defiance Of The De Facto World Leader (USA, USA, USA, etc). Aka Leader Of The Free World (whatever that means). In this frame, Russia/Putin are bad, because they want to be The World Ruler. They should not, because USA is the designated World Ruler. Applying this strategy to managing human emissions globally, we could come to The USA Must Take Over The World, It’s The Only Way To Enforce Compliance On Climate. The big (league or otherwise) thinkers may yet come to that, but the current approach, embodied in the Paris accord, is that self-interest is not only a sufficiently strong and clear motivator, but an available and reasonable basis for agreement, and for coordination going forward. A Global Community (or Community of Nations), rather than a Global Empire. Which is smart, independently of ideological considerations; compliance is always a problem for empires. Should one care to apply the Community of Nations model seriously, which is to say, more broadly across issues beyond the climate, one might come to think that Russia is a nation much like any other. Yes, exceptionally large in land mass; but also exceptionally low in population density (just 25% of US p.d.). Rich in natural resources, but poor in infrastructure and commercial wealth (now under punitive trade sanction, previously devastated by corruption and Cold War costs). And strategically in a war scenario, while Russia is effectively close to the EU, and hence an existential threat, it is also as proximate to many other nations, including China (and arguably the US). That’s a lot of border to protect in different directions. Really bad positioning for a war of domination. And from the inside looking out, Russians have good reason to be nervous about their sovereignty. EU and US have repeatedly stated they would like to break Russia up and absorb the spoils into their own economies (see Greece for how that can turn out). Are Russians bad guys? There is a good case for it. But then so is there for China, Saudi Arabia, the EU, Israel, etc., etc. If the greatest good is absolute US hegemony, then anything is is baaaad. Do other nations meddle in each other’s affairs, including the affairs and elections of the US? Oh yes, but the other big players can afford the deluxe route of buying/peddling influence through the usual lobbying and media (and commercial back-) channels. Russia is pretty broke, and gets shafted regularly on formal deals with the West [sic], so they went the cheap route, social media and media disinformation (which, again, are widely used by sovereign and commercial actors). I hope I don’t seem to be presenting Russia as having some special virtue. I am trying to question the idea of special virtue (of nations, of people, whatever flavor of virtue is in question) as a rational basis for global strategy. When regarding climate change, and its global scale, there is little virtue anywhere to be seen. Indeed, the nations deemed successful and powerful by commercial standards are the most burdened by any need to replace energy sources and consumption patterns since their wealth generally derives directly from that energy use. Weak and inadequate as it may be, the Paris agreement, and more importantly, the basis on which is was achieved, offers a blueprint for more rational and potentially effective global, political, and economic policies. And as a byproduct, a more clear-eyed and less mutually threatening relationship with Russia. Reply ↓ PhilM June 4, 2017 at 8:30 pm I agree with your thoughtful perspective. From another perspective, Russia is utterly unimportant. It is much less important than Canada, which makes much less noise. The tribes will fight it out. The civilized nations should watch, and contain the resulting empire until it collapses. This bickering over a minor nation is just unseemly; giving them credit for influencing our elections is like saying the homeless man you saw on the way home ruined your Michelin-three-star dinner. If people are talking about Russia, it is simply “look-over-there,” as practiced throughout the millennia. Ignore, ignore, ignore. Reply ↓ darthbobber June 3, 2017 at 4:10 am If that number, 49% for Ossoff, actually is the outcome, he will have improved on Clinton’s performance in the district by a princely 1and a half percentage points. Which might indicate the upper limits of the “appeal to affluent suburban Republicans” strategy, no matter how many millions are poured in. And this is almost the ideal district for that strategy, so it doesn’t augur well for it as a national strategy. Not that that will give Ahab pause, he’ll still man the boat again for the third day of the chase, even though the whale just really isn’t into him Reply ↓ PhilM June 4, 2017 at 7:45 pm Just have to say that his Water Cooler is the thinking man’s Wall Street Journal. Superb work, Lambert. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Jerri-Lynn Scofield on Revolving Door Continues to Swing: Obama Alumini Land on Their FeetPlease! He certainly knew what he would get... TK421 on Revolving Door Continues to Swing: Obama Alumini Land on Their FeetNo doubt about it. Although heading up a... Carl on Links 6/4/17Excellent! The whole interview is well worth reading.... John Wright on Revolving Door Continues to Swing: Obama Alumini Land on Their FeetObama simply outsourced the hiring of his appointees... Carl on Links 6/4/17Kind of a lot like those folks on... Topics Africa (22) Australia (130) Auto industry (96) Banana republic (3,072) Banking industry (4,673) Brexit (57) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (577) Commodities (461) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,641) Curiousities (273) Currencies (910) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,501) Dubious statistics (587) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,804) Energy markets (514) Environment (472) Europe (637) Federal Reserve (1,270) Free markets and their discontents (1,456) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (340) Globalization (1,120) Guest Post (6,678) Health care (400) Hedge funds (420) Income disparity (994) India (21) Infrastructure (82) Investment banks (747) Investment management (513) Investment outlook (858) Japan (205) Legal (1,927) Links (3,103) Macroeconomic policy (986) Market inefficiencies (236) Media appearances (74) Media watch (884) Middle East (155) Moral hazard (341) New McCarthyism (8) New Zealand (77) Notices (296) OCC (12) Payment system (50) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,125) Private equity (529) Privatization (75) Real estate (1,529) Regulations and regulators (3,622) Ridiculously obvious scams (465) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (245) Science and the scientific method (197) Social policy (1,039) Social values (1,807) Species loss (53) Student loans (54) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (389) Technology and innovation (470) The destruction of the middle class (1,382) The dismal science (1,473) TPP (84) UK (123) Water Cooler (687) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds subscribe Site Site Archive Wyatt Wiening and Cassie Blew win International Awards Saturday Jun 3, 2017 at 6:00 AM Cassie Blew, 10th grader from La Veta High School, won 4th place and a $500 award at the International Science and Engineering Fair in Los Angeles, California, May 14 – 19. OJC Staff Cassie Blew, 10th grader from La Veta High School, won 4th place and a $500 award for her study titled “Investigating Triggers of Sundowners Syndrome in Dementia Patients in an Institutional Setting.” She was the Arkansas Valley Regional Science Fair representative at the International Science and Engineering Fair in Los Angeles, California, May 14 – 19. The Arkansas Valley Regional Science Fair; which is held in February and sponsored by Otero Junior College, is affiliated with “Intel” ISEF. The Fair sends one student annually to represent the counties and schools of Bent, Otero, Huerfano, and Las Animas. It has been nearly 10 years since a finalist from OJC’s regional fair has won an international award. Blew competed against nearly 1,800 students from all over the world. Wyatt Wiening, 11th grader from Trinidad High School, won an Honorable at the (ISWEEP) International Sustainable World (Engineering Energy Environment) Project Olympiad held in Houston, Texas, May 3 – 8 for his study “Effect of Milankovitch Cyclicity on Prehistoric Marine Life of the Late Cretaceous Middle Cenomanian.” He represented Otero and the Arkansas Valley Regional Science Fair as sole finalist for this Olympiad. More than 400 students travel from over 60 countries and 40 states to participate each year. Mitchell Fosdick, senior at Fowler High School, finished his high school career with a 3rd Place in Environmental Sciences at the Colorado Science and Engineering Fair in April. His study was titled “The Uptake of Copper Ions by Chlorella Vulgaris.” Mitchell was given a special recognition for being a 7-time state qualifier from 6th grade to his senior year. Award winners from the Arkansas Valley Regional Science Fair at the Colorado Science and Engineering Fair held at Colorado State University in April were as follows. Mikailah Feinman, Josette Andrews sponsor, Primero Jr/Sr High School: “Produced Gas Well Water: Can It Be Repurposed for Agricultural Use?” $75, framed certificate Colorado Environmental Health Association and plaque, $50 Fort Collins Conservation District. Adrian Pizano, Melany Lucero sponsor, Rocky Ford Jr/Sr High School: “Testing the Waters” Earth & Space Sciences Honorable Mention, $50 SACNAS, Colorado State University Chapter and $50, certificate, poster of pioneer scientist Pioneers of Science. Brecken Dobbs, Pat Keeling sponsor, La Veta Schools: “Tooth Enamel: Can It Really Be Strengthened? Year Two” $50 Colorado Dental Association. Wyatt Wiening, Yvonne Wiening sponsor, Trinidad High School: “Effect of Milankovitch Cyclicity on Prehistoric Marine Life of the Late Cretaceous Middle Cenomanian” $75 Colorado Scientific Society. Michael Duran, Josette Andrews sponsor, Primero Jr/Sr High School: “How Strong Is Water?” scholarship to ASU valued as the equivalent to one-year resident tuition and fees (~$9,000) Adams State University. Cassandra Blew, Pat Keeling sponsor, La Veta Schools: “Investigating Triggers of Sundowners Syndrome in Dementia Patients in an Institutional Setting: Year Two,” certificate American Psychological Association. Kaleb Andreatta and Cavin McCay, Pat Keeling sponsor, La Veta Schools: “Enhancing the Survival of Microinvertebrates in Rural Waste Water Treatment Plants” Environmental Sciences Third Place. Sarah Duzenack, Pat Keeling sponsor, La Veta Schools: “A Comparison of Endomycorrhizae and Commercial Fertilizer on Fodder Crops: Year 3 Plant Sciences” Honorable Mention. Mitchell Fosdick, Debbie Fosdick sponsor, Fowler High School: “The Uptake of Copper Ions by Chlorella Vulgaris” Environmental Sciences Third Place, $75 Colorado Division of Reclamation, Mining & Safety, $150 Society for Mining, Metallurgy and Exploration, Colorado Section and special recognition for 7-time state qualifier from 6th Grade to 12th Grade. Adrienne Jones, Gina Festi-Gitano sponsor, Trinidad High School: “Borax Crystal Growth Response to Environmental Audio Variables” Earth & Space Sciences Second Place. The Arkansas Regional Science and Engineering Fair provides students an opportunity to demonstrate knowledge and foster relationships with other science professionals and enables all participants to communicate what they have learned. All students who participated in science fair should be proud of what they have accomplished and continue to be lifelong scientific thinkers. OJC’s Science and Math Department supports the efforts to increase the understanding of science at all age levels. OJC sponsors projects and programs promoting mathematics and science education through a variety of outreach programs for our area youth including STEM Day, Science Fair and Girls in the Middle. Otero Junior College and the Math and Science Department are committed to offering students a positive and supportive environment in which to study science. OJC is proud of all the students and the teachers who encouraged their students to participate. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Classifieds Place Classified Ad Community Info Crowley County Market Place Cars Sports & Recreation Crowley County Athletics Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Fowler Tribune - Fowler, CO ~ 112 Cranston Ave., Fowler, CO 81039 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber My Profile Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 Market Research Reports Qyresearchreports include new market research report „Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022” to its huge collection of research reports. This report studies the global 3D XPoint Technology market, analyzes and researches the 3D XPoint Technology development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Intel IM Flash Micron Numonyx … Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=102807… Market segment by Type, 3D XPoint Technology can be split into First Generation 3D XPoint Technology Second Generation 3D XPoint Technology Third Generation 3D XPoint Technology Market segment by Application, 3D XPoint Technology can be split into Electronics Industry Other Table of Contents 1 Industry Overview of 3D XPoint Technology 1.1 3D XPoint Technology Market Overview 1.1.1 3D XPoint Technology Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 3D XPoint Technology Market by Type 1.3.1 First Generation 3D XPoint Technology 1.3.2 Second Generation 3D XPoint Technology 1.3.3 Third Generation 3D XPoint Technology 1.4 3D XPoint Technology Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Electronics Industry 1.4.2 Other Browse Press Release of this Research Report: www.qyresearchreports.com/report/global-3d-xpoint-technol… 2 Global 3D XPoint Technology Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Intel 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 3D XPoint Technology Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 IM Flash 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 3D XPoint Technology Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Micron 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 3D XPoint Technology Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 11 Market Forecast by Regions, Type and Application (2017-2022) 11.1 Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Value) by Regions (2017-2022) 11.1.1 United States 3D XPoint Technology Revenue and Growth Rate (2017-2022) 11.1.2 EU 3D XPoint Technology Revenue and Growth Rate (2017-2022) 11.1.3 Japan 3D XPoint Technology Revenue and Growth Rate (2017-2022) 11.1.4 China 3D XPoint Technology Revenue and Growth Rate (2017-2022) 11.1.5 India 3D XPoint Technology Revenue and Growth Rate (2017-2022) 11.1.6 Southeast Asia 3D XPoint Technology Revenue and Growth Rate (2017-2022) 11.2 Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Value) by Type (2017-2022) 11.3 Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Size by Application (2017-2022) 12 3D XPoint Technology Market Dynamics 12.1 3D XPoint Technology Market Opportunities 12.2 3D XPoint Technology Challenge and Risk 12.2.1 Competition from Opponents 12.2.2 Downside Risks of Economy 12.3 3D XPoint Technology Market Constraints and Threat 12.3.1 Threat from Substitute 12.3.2 Government Policy 12.3.3 Technology Risks 12.4 3D XPoint Technology Market Driving Force 12.4.1 Growing Demand from Emerging Markets 12.4.2 Potential Application List of Tables and Figures Figure 3D XPoint Technology Product Scope Figure Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) (2012-2017) Table Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Share by Regions in 2016 Figure United States 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure EU 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Japan 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure China 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure India 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Southeast Asia 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Share by Type in 2016 Figure First Generation 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Second Generation 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Third Generation 3D XPoint Technology Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Share by Application in 2016 QYReseachReports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. Reports from QYReseachReports.com feature valuable recommendations on how to navigate in the extremely unpredictable yet highly attractive Chinese market. 1820 Avenue M Suite #1047 Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Bio-MEMS Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Loxo Oncology Announces Clinical Proof of Concept Publication for Next-Generation TRK Inhibitor LOXO-195 Search Recent Posts High Voltage Circuit Breaker Market 2017 Worldwide Detailed Analysis by Covering All Major Industrial Aspects 2022 Speech by CE at World Sustainable Built Environment Conference 2017 Hong Kong (English only) Software Defined Networking Will Underpin Enterprise Connectivity in Australia as Organisations Seek to Optimise Cost and Bandwidth Herbalife Nutrition Announces That in the Month of May 90% of Sales in the United States Were Documented Purchases by Consumers, Far in Excess of the 80% Threshold Called for in its Agreement With the U.S. Federal Trade Commission Solar Industry Urges Nevada Governor to Sign Bill Supporting Solar Jobs and Homeowners in State Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Embedded Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 Market Research Reports Qyresearchreports include new market research report „Global Embedded Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022” to its huge collection of research reports. Notes: Production, means the output of Embedded Software Revenue, means the sales value of Embedded Software This report studies the global Embedded Software market, analyzes and researches the Embedded Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Altera Infineon IBM Johnson Matthey Intel LG CNS Mentor Graphics Xilinx Advantech Express Logic Green Hills Software ENEA Microsoft Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=929477… Market segment by Type, Embedded Software can be split into C C++ Assembly Java NET Market segment by Application, Embedded Software can be split into Automotive Healthcare Consumer Electronics Military & Defense Industrial Telecommunication Table of Contents 1 Industry Overview of Embedded Software 1.1 Embedded Software Market Overview 1.1.1 Embedded Software Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Embedded Software Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Embedded Software Market by Type 1.2.2 C 1.2.3 C++ 1.2.4 Assembly 1.2.5 Java 1.2.6 NET 1.4 Embedded Software Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Automotive 1.4.2 Healthcare 1.4.3 Consumer Electronics 1.4.4 Military & Defense 1.4.5 Industrial 1.4.6 Telecommunication Get more information from Research Report Press Release: www.qyresearchreports.com/report/global-embedded-software… 2 Global Embedded Software Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Embedded Software Market Size (Value) by Players (2015-2016) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Altera 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Embedded Software Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Infineon 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Embedded Software Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 IBM 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Embedded Software Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Embedded Software Market Size by Type and Application (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Embedded Software Market Size by Type (2011-2016) 4.2 Global Embedded Software Market Size by Application (2011-2016) 4.3 Potential Application of Embedded Software in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Embedded Software 5 United States Embedded Software Development Status and Outlook 5.1 United States Embedded Software Market Size (2011-2016) 5.2 United States Embedded Software Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 6 EU Embedded Software Development Status and Outlook 6.1 EU Embedded Software Market Size (2011-2016) 6.2 EU Embedded Software Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 7 Japan Embedded Software Development Status and Outlook 7.1 Japan Embedded Software Market Size (2011-2016) 7.2 Japan Embedded Software Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 8 China Embedded Software Development Status and Outlook 8.1 China Embedded Software Market Size (2011-2016) 8.2 China Embedded Software Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 9 India Embedded Software Development Status and Outlook 9.1 India Embedded Software Market Size (2011-2016) 9.2 India Embedded Software Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 10 Southeast Asia Embedded Software Development Status and Outlook 10.1 Southeast Asia Embedded Software Market Size (2011-2016) 10.2 Southeast Asia Embedded Software Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 11 Market Forecast by Regions, Type and Application (2016-2021) 11.1 Global Embedded Software Market Size (Value) by Regions (2016-2021) 11.1.1 United States Embedded Software Revenue and Growth Rate (2016-2021) 11.1.2 EU Embedded Software Revenue and Growth Rate (2016-2021) 11.1.3 Japan Embedded Software Revenue and Growth Rate (2016-2021) 11.1.4 China Embedded Software Revenue and Growth Rate (2016-2021) 11.1.5 India Embedded Software Revenue and Growth Rate (2016-2021) 11.1.6 Southeast Asia Embedded Software Revenue and Growth Rate (2016-2021) 11.2 Global Embedded Software Market Size (Value) by Type (2016-2021) 11.3 Global Embedded Software Market Size by Application (2016-2021) QYReseachReports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. Reports from QYReseachReports.com feature valuable recommendations on how to navigate in the extremely unpredictable yet highly attractive Chinese market. 1820 Avenue M Suite #1047 Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive HVAC Technology Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Global Acne Treatment Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China NuVista Energy Ltd. Provides Update on Planned Maintenance Outages and Quarterly Production Ranges, Reaffirms Full Year 2017 Production and Funds from Operations Guidance Poly Australia holds back all Poly Horizon apartments under $800,000 for first home buyers News Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage Home Macs The Macalope By The Macalope, Macworld | Jun 3, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion A winning season: Microsoft does it again Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Headline trauma: Making excuses for Microsoft Microsoft versus Apple: Still making a it a thing Obsession: For iPads Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions Are you sitting down? Well, stand up, because the Macalope has very unsurprising news for you: Microsoft is winning again! Writing for ZDNet, Adrian Kingsley-Hughes says “Microsoft is making the Mac look old and stale.” (Tip o’ the antlers to Philip Speicher.) Sure, Microsoft’s Surface business has been sliding for two quarters, but let’s write another “Microsoft is the new hotness” piece because it’s the weekend before WWDC and all these hot takes will be stone cold by Monday. Remember when buying a Mac meant that you got cutting-edge technology? Sorta? The Macalope also remembers Steve Jobs promising to get the G5 to 3 GHz within a year and not making it. While it’s true Apple’s fallen behind in Intel’s latest processor updates, its products have rarely been the highest specced. The company tends to make up for it in other ways, like no longer selling a laptop with a spinning disk drive, unlike a lot of Windows OEMs. And not running Windows unlike every Windows OEM. Also kind of key. …Microsoft has made the PC interesting, relevant, and fun again. It’ll be particularly fun to resurface your Surface Laptop when its surface starts to look like crap. Will they provide reupholstering as a Surface service (RaaSS)? Will it come in multiple colors and patterns? That’s just part of the fun. Even Windows 10 S, Microsoft's cut-down, streamlined edition of Windows 10 -- a Windows RT reboot -- is an example of Microsoft thinking out of the box… And into another, smaller box. A box more like the one in Cool Hand Luke. Like it or not, Microsoft has been busy, and the hits are far outweighing the misses right now. Boy, you sure wouldn’t be able to tell from this piece which company’s personal computer revenue went up 14.4 percent last quarter (Apple) and which company’s went down 26 percent (Microsoft). And it’s not just the Surface. According to Gartner which, you know, eh, but according to their numbers for the first quarter of 2017, the Windows PC business declined year over year by 3 percent while Mac sales rose by 4.5 percent. (Does anyone at Gartner remember recommending Apple get out of the hardware business back in 2006?) There’s no denying Apple has let a lot of its lineup stagnate over the last two years. No one knows that better than a mythical beast with a Classic Mac for a head. But, despite the continued desire of the tech press to make it a huge win for Microsoft, the story is kind of more how it’s amazing Apple is doing as well as it is. Microsoft has made a decent business and is shipping some nice devices. Its supposed advantage, however, is wildly overstated. Not summer-before-the-Zune level overstated but still overstated. But if Apple has dropped the ball, and can't keep the Mac offering updated… Grandiose statements made on the eve of an Apple event have the life span of a tsetse fly. …it seems that Microsoft, along with its army of OEMs, is ready to fill the void. My dude, they can’t even increase their own sales, let alone take sales from Apple. And grab new customers. Negative customers is still new customers! Oh, wait, no it isn’t. (CORRECTION: An earlier version of this piece understated how much Mac revenue was up for the most recent quarter. Thanks to Daniel Tello for pointing out the error.) To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Macs Macalope Steve Jobs Apple Microsoft Surface Laptop Windows 10 You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Gadgets Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple is gearing up too host its annual developer conference at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference will begin June 5 and ends June 9. The most important announcement could come in the form of a new Siri-powered home speaker. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 4, 2017 3:39 pm Apple is gearing up too host its annual developer conference at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference will begin June 5 and ends June 9. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple is all set to host its annual developer conference at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) will begin June 5 and ends June 9. At its developer conference, the Cupertino technology giant is expected to announce a slew of updates on hardware as well as software side. There will be updates around iOS, MacOS, webOS, tvOS and watchOS. On the hardware side, reports have speculated that Apple might refresh its entire MacBook line-up. Further, the company could showcase a new 10.5-inch iPad model, and announce upgrades to 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pros. The most important announcement could come in the form of a new Siri-powered home speaker, which will compete with the likes of Google Home and Echo. In a previous report, Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo had predicted that Apple’s new speaker could cost more than the likes of Echo. Ahead of the WWDC 2017, let us take a look at all the hardware products expected at the conference: Apple’s Siri-powered speaker Reports have suggested that a Siri-powered speaker, similar to Google Home and Amazon Echo could be announced at WWDC as well. According to a Bloomberg report, the iPhone-maker has started manufacturing Siri-controlled smart speaker, though it won’t be ready to ship until later this year. Apple’s new device will offer virtual surround technology, and deep integration with Apple’s product line-up, which might give it an edge over rivals. The speaker won’t just provide a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, but also strengthen Apple’s network of services. According to a Bloomberg report, the iPhone-maker has started manufacturing Siri-controlled smart speaker, though it won’t be ready to ship until later this year. “Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command,” the report reads. Apple’s Siri-powered speaker will likely come with multiple tweeters, a woofer and computing power comparable to an “iPhone 6 or 6s”, according to Kuo. Apple is said to fit the device with camera, which will use facial recognition technology to identify people in close proximity of the speaker. Apple MacBooks Apple will refresh its MacBook line-up with faster Intel Kaby Lake processors. To recall, new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bar were announced in 2016. Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro is available in variants with and without Touch Bar, while 15-inch MacBook Pro can only be bought in one option – with Touch Bar. However, a lot of professional users weren’t happy with the hardware of Apple’s MacBook Pros. Microsoft called the line-up a “disappointment”. It looks like Apple wants to woo back its customers with a faster processor. Apple will refresh its MacBook line-up with faster Intel Kaby Lake processors. To recall, new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros with Touch Bar were announced in 2016. Apple’s 12-inch MacBook along with 13-inch MacBook Air could get an upgrade as well. Recently, a report in French website Consmac revealed that Apple has registered five new ‘personal computers’ bearing model numbers A1289, A1347, A1418, A1419 and A1481. The new Mac computers are expected to be the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros. These model numbers are said to be of computers running macOS 10.12. Reports in the past have revealed that shipping time-frame for the 15-inch MacBook Pro with OLED Touch Bar were refreshed, suggesting updated device is on the way. Now the device will be made available between June 6 to June 8 in the US. Apple iPads New iPads are on the cards as well. According to Consmac report, five iOS devices with model numbers – A1670, A1671, A1701, A1709, and A1843 –  were spotted in a regulatory filing by Apple. Separately, Kuo has predicted new Apple iPads this year. Kuo expects Apple to announce a 10.5-inch iPad model with an all-new design and edge-to-edge display. Apple could upgrade its 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pros as well. The two models could get significant upgrades in terms of design, processor, specifications, and more. Finally, device with A1843 is labeled as a wireless keyboard, details of which are missing at this point. The WWDC 2017 keynote will start at 10:00 am, local time on June 5, which is 10:30 pm India Standard Time (IST). Indianexpress.com will be keeping a tab on all the announcements from WWDC. More Related News Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested Chhattisgarh tweaks 38-year rule for tribal sterilisation, but govt nod still required SportsBatsmen shine as India complete Pakistan hammering Sports5 talking points from India's hammering of Pakistan  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Will Tubelight cross Baahuabli 2’s collection? Here’s what Salman Khan thinks KVM Ludhiana sexual assault case: School under scanner for concealing offence, says ACP; no arrest yet Three villages in Mulshi get first water pipeline Bahrain, Saudi cut ties with Qatar in a move to protect themselves from ‘terrorism’ ‘Parallel’ Jathedars drop all conditions to keep June 6 Operation Blue Star anniversary clash-free                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Wall St sees Fed on track for rate hike in June despite tepid May jobs data: Reuters poll Business Standard Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? Reuters  |  NEW YORK  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 08:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo23 ALSO READ Wall St Weekahead: Hawkish Fed a potential speed bump for stock bulls Wall Street Weekahead - Record-setting stock rally faces test in Trump speech Some bank bulls grow wary on policy uncertainty Wall Street Weekahead - Old-guard retail back in the cross hairs Technicals stand out amid a quiet market By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare, the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Stocks | Weekahead | Shares | Stock Market | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare, the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare, the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live look at the NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Heavy rain and thunderstorms hitting parts of the South Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens nap and play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Friends of Forsythe osprey cam in Oceanville, NJ Jellyfish cam from the Georgia Aquarium Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Teen's allegation of rape against football star divides Alabama town: Part 4 More Cameron Harrison was charged with first degree rape, released on bond, held on house arrest and later pleaded not guilty. 5:53 | 06/03/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Teen's allegation of rape against football star divides Alabama town: Part 4 This is not something I would expect from Cameron Harrison in any way, shape or form. She didn't do anything wrong and she is being punished more than he is. Reporter: The drama between Spanish fort Alabama high school students, Savannah, and football player, Cameron Harrison, divided the town. Cassie Fambro wrote for the local news site al.com. There was just such a stark divide. There was the people who believed Savannah and there was the people who thought that this was a witch hunt. That Cameron Harrison was unfairly portrayed as a criminal rapist. About two dozen Spanish fort high school students defending him. He's innocent. Reporter: But while Cameron's supporters were loud and proud, he was tight-lipped. Never speaking in public or to the police. No comment. Reporter: But he did speak to this woman, private investigator, Alicia Mcwhorter. Hired by Cameron's mom to gather Intel. What was his state of mind like? What was he like? He was in a state of hyperawareness that he was under a microscope. And he needed to get the truth out. Reporter: She says Cameron recounts a familiar tale of booze, beer pong and all-out blowout. But new details emerge when he claims after Savannah was carried up the stairs, he ended up in the bathroom with her. And that's when a familiar face enters. Kennedy, that girl who came to the party with Savannah. Cameron states that Kennedy grabbed his face and kissed him, and then Savannah grabbed his face and kissed him, and then they moved into the bedroom. At some point Kennedy gets up and leaves the room. Kennedy denies that she, Cameron, and Savannah were kissing each other at the same time. Cameron says it happened, Kennedy states it didn't. We're at an impasse on that. Reporter: And Cameron says he and Savannah are still not alone in that bedroom. There are others. And she tells them to leave. Cameron told me that the alleged victim said, "Get the 'F' out" and told another person, "I'm going to 'F' him." Reporter: Granted, this investigator is being paid by Cameron's family. But listen to what others said. But listen to what two others told detective Vannoy. They heard the victim say "'F' me, cam." Reporter: But remember, the booze was flowing and memories, hazy. Did you have consensual sex with Cameron Harrison? No. If I was in the condition in I'm right now, I would not have sex with Cameron. Reporter: And what about that controversial statement Cameron allegedly made to her father. Cameron clearly stated to me that he did not say that. Reporter: How do you know what to believe? I can tell you that, that Cameron's story was believable. And I do believe that the young woman consumed alcohol that may or may not have impeded her ability to remember exactly everything that happened. Reporter: So in your mind she could have given consent but simply not remembered it? Yes. I believe that. I do not believe she was passed out. No one saw her passed out. Reporter: "Not passed out" is key because the charge against Cameron is that Savannah couldn't consent because she was either physically helpless or mentally incapacitated. The question all comes back to, what was she capable of doing at that moment? Reporter: Savannah says she becomes the victim of cyber bullying. And not just from classmates but from their parents too. It's hard enough, kids my age, doing these things, but when it's an adult, that just hits a new nerve to me. Reporter: And then one night she's awoken to a loud bang. A large cement chunk of just rock, brick, about this big, shattered her window. The D.A. Says the latest potentially dangerous attack crossed the line. Reporter: And then Savannah says one by one, many of her friends publically turned their back on her. I think their social life was more important to them than, you know, supporting me. Reporter: With their daughter isolated and outcast, Savannah's parents offered to move schools. I said, no, you're not going to run me out. Reporter: You wanted to stay at your school. I wanted to stay. To prove a point. I'm going to be strong, I'm going to show them. I didn't make it through, like, first period. Reporter: Why not? Everyone was staring at me like I was the devil, like, just giving me a look of disgust. Reporter: Savannah toughs it out for six months before the family decides to the sell their home and move out of Spanish fort. I deserve to feel happy again. It's not, you know, that they got to me, it's just that I deserve a fresh start. Reporter: Now it's Savannah's turn to strike back, not even waiting for a trial. Armed with her cell phone, she decides to go public. Blogging about her reality and how society has it backwards when it comes to sexual assault. We teach don't get raped instead of don't rape. Does anybody else not see a problem with this? Reporter: Why did you decide to start blogging? I wanted to have a voice. If you see a girl who's clearly been drinking and to the point of passing out, you help her. Reporter: Next, the case is headed for court. Both sides brace for battle. We don't expect to lose this case. Cameron Harrison also has the right to be publically exonerated. And publically vindicated for a false allegation. You cannot rape an unconscious girl. It doesn't matter if you are a high school athlete star. You cannot do this. Reporter: But could Savannah's own words come back to haunt her? There was a blatant text saying, you did not rape me. Reporter: They say Snapchats disappear. Not this one. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Teen accuses HS football star: 'I just felt like he took advantage of me' Authorities allege Savannah was intoxicated and incapacitated when Cameron Harrison raped her at a party, but Harrison claimed it was consensual. Gut-Wrenching Testimony From Victim in Brutal Rape Case at Vanderbilt University Corey Batey was convicted in the rape of a 21-year-old female student. Now Playing: Teen accuses HS football star: 'I just felt like he took advantage of me' Now Playing: Gut-Wrenching Testimony From Victim in Brutal Rape Case at Vanderbilt University Now Playing: Boy, 14, arrested in Facebook Live assault of girl, 15 Now Playing: Teens gather for night of underage drinking at high school party: Part 1 Now Playing: Friend says teen 'wasn't fully conscious' when she was left in bedroom: Part 2 Now Playing: Teacher overhears teens looking up the definition of rape: Part 3 Now Playing: Teen's allegation of rape against football star divides Alabama town: Part 4 Now Playing: Friends hold makeshift graduation for classmate on house arrest: Part 5 Now Playing: Football star takes plea deal ahead of trial for first degree rape: Part 6 Now Playing: How obsessive gamers can quit playing Now Playing: Three different families struggle with the excessive use of technology Now Playing: Excessive use of technology takes toll on families' relationships Now Playing: Dad and teen both unplug and give up their video games Now Playing: Teen gets phone back during trip home from treatment: Part 4 Now Playing: Parents see son for the first time since he unplugged from technology: Part 5 Now Playing: Dad, teen adjust to life after weeks without video games: Part 6 Now Playing: California teen's social media obsession took her down a dark path Now Playing: How anti-virus software pioneer John McAfee made his millions Now Playing: John McAfee's lab in Belize raided on suspicions he was making meth Now Playing: Neighbor of John McAfee found dead after being shot in the head Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":47802712,"title":"Teen's allegation of rape against football star divides Alabama town: Part 4","duration":"5:53","description":"Cameron Harrison was charged with first degree rape, released on bond, held on house arrest and later pleaded not guilty.","url":"/2020/video/teens-allegation-rape-football-star-divides-alabama-town-47802712","section":"2020","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jun 04, 2017-Sunday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate Wall Street Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. business Updated: Jun 03, 2017 14:55 IST Reuters, New York A Wall St. sign is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange.(Reuters photo) Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20% so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. “These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech,” said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. “You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas,” he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. “Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership,” said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new “five horsemen” have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11% in the second quarter after rising near 21% in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33% for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25% for Alphabet and 15% in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5% for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20% for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year’s underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. “We’re most overweight in technology but I don’t want to stay too long at the party,” said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. “What I’m watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas,” he said. “Financials are going to be catching a tailwind.” AllianceBernstein’s Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare, the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. “Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle.” more from business NTPC sets up electric vehicle charging stations in Delhi, Noida Jun 03, 2017 22:17 IST Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Jun 03, 2017 20:11 IST Nurturing Recruitment-Ready Students Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Sensex, Nifty close at lifetime highs on global cues, better growth prospects KKR closes new Asia fund at record $9.3 bln, seeks bigger deals Read more India offers tax concessions to Apple to expand production Why Tesla boss Elon Musk’s exit from Trump advisory council is good business sense Read more Detroit or Silicon Valley? Investors pick Tesla’s promise over GM’s steady profits Google refuses to share salary data with US government India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Pakistan Army releases video claiming destruction of Indian posts across LoC Jun 04, 2017 12:28 IST Rajasthan: Mob ties man to tree, assaults him for an hour over theft suspicion Jun 04, 2017 12:15 IST Coast Guard rescues all 27 stranded members aboard sinking barge off Mangaluru Jun 04, 2017 11:37 IST Suspected Chinese chopper violates Indian airspace in Uttarakhand’s Chamoli Jun 04, 2017 11:30 IST Railways ordered to pay Rs 75K to passenger whose seat was occupied by another Jun 04, 2017 10:41 IST At a Kerala cattle market, meat traders and farmers feel the pinch of Centre’s ... Jun 04, 2017 11:29 IST Following the trail of Kolkata’s Kabuliwalas Jun 04, 2017 12:02 IST Philippines casino attack: Police say gunman was indebted gambler, not a terrorist Jun 04, 2017 12:31 IST Germany: Afghan man kills Russian boy, is shot dead by police Jun 04, 2017 10:14 IST London terror attack: Sikhs offer refuge, help at Gurudwaras Jun 04, 2017 09:47 IST Police say 6 victims, 3 suspects killed in London attacks after van ploughs into... Jun 04, 2017 09:29 IST US businessman admits to making illegal exports to Pakistani atomic, space agen... Jun 04, 2017 09:09 IST Donald Trump does believe ‘climate is changing’ and man’s role in it: Ambassador... Jun 04, 2017 09:01 IST ‘They were stabbing everyone. Evil, evil people’: Witnesses recount horror of London... Jun 04, 2017 10:41 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune CBSE result: Why fewer kids passed despite better show by govt schools in Delhi Jun 04, 2017 11:31 IST CBSE Class 10 result: Chandigarh bucks national trend; pass percentage up Jun 04, 2017 10:54 IST Missed opportunity: PGI could have performed its first lung transplant Jun 04, 2017 11:23 IST Meet CBSE toppers from Mumbai who defied odds Jun 04, 2017 02:03 IST High CBSE scores may affect Maharashtra board students Jun 04, 2017 02:01 IST Mumbai schools await details of CBSE marks Jun 04, 2017 02:16 IST Confusion rules in Mumbai as CBSE Class 10 results out Jun 04, 2017 02:01 IST Mumbai records another spell of pre-monsoon showers Jun 04, 2017 01:33 IST Social media accounts of woman from Thane hacked, photos uploaded Jun 04, 2017 01:20 IST analysis columns editorials authors KPS Gill, a thinker and master strategist Jun 04, 2017 12:29 IST UK election ‘debate’: Can Jeremy Corbyn maintain the momentum against Theresa M... Jun 04, 2017 08:33 IST Indian economy: Latest GDP estimates show the worst is not over Jun 04, 2017 11:30 IST Poetry versus cancer: Tough lessons from a Facebook fund drive in Chandigarh Jun 04, 2017 00:21 IST India vs Pakistan - Advantage IND but handling pressure will be key: Harbhajan Jun 04, 2017 10:39 IST India vs Pakistan: Gautam Gambhir supports Virat Kohli & Co amid boycott talks Jun 04, 2017 12:32 IST India vs Pakistan – ICC Champions Trophy: Security increased after London attack Jun 04, 2017 11:49 IST Live cricket score, India vs Pakistan - ICC Champions Trophy 2017 live Jun 04, 2017 11:50 IST Live - India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017, Live Cricket Score: IND clash... Jun 04, 2017 12:19 IST ICC Champions Trophy: AB De Villiers lauds Hashim Amla, Imran Tahir after SL win Jun 04, 2017 10:41 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa India vs Pakistan: Gautam Gambhir supports Virat Kohli & Co amid boycott talks Jun 04, 2017 12:32 IST Nepal match up will set team up for Kyrgyz Republic game: Eugeneson Lyngdoh Jun 04, 2017 12:03 IST India vs Pakistan – ICC Champions Trophy: Security increased after London attack Jun 04, 2017 11:49 IST Live cricket score, India vs Pakistan - ICC Champions Trophy 2017 live Jun 04, 2017 11:50 IST Live - India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017, Live Cricket Score: IND clash... Jun 04, 2017 12:19 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Kylie Minogue to spill the beans on her break up with Joshua Sasse in new album Jun 04, 2017 11:50 IST Bradley Whitford joins the New Godzilla . Jun 04, 2017 11:17 IST Taimur Ali Khan and Laksshya are future BFFs? Here’s proof Jun 04, 2017 10:49 IST Baywatch star Priyanka Chopra now wants to play Batgirl Jun 04, 2017 10:45 IST Nutan: Google celebrates her 81st birthday with a doodle Jun 04, 2017 08:45 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Summer hair care: Here’s how to ensure your kid’s hair stays clean and healthy Jun 04, 2017 11:41 IST Meditation, talk therapy effective in reducing fear, anxiety in cancer patients Jun 04, 2017 10:18 IST Pregnancy after breast cancer doesn’t raise recurrence risk, finds study Jun 04, 2017 09:23 IST Catching mice, foot massage and 6 other uses for beer (apart from drinking it of... Jun 04, 2017 09:00 IST Want to keep your mind sharp and active? Learn to play a musical instrument Jun 04, 2017 08:47 IST NTPC sets up electric vehicle charging stations in Delhi, Noida Jun 03, 2017 22:17 IST Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Jun 03, 2017 20:11 IST GST rates for gold, garments, footwear out. Here’s how much you have to pay Jun 04, 2017 04:57 IST India’s national accounts on economic growth wrong: Vijay Joshi Jun 03, 2017 18:47 IST NTPC forays into electric vehicle charging stations business Jun 03, 2017 18:23 IST SpiceJet Q4 net profit falls 43% on higher fuel costs, demonetisation Jun 03, 2017 18:03 IST GST may cause temporary disruption but will benefit in long run: JLR India chief Jun 03, 2017 17:23 IST After Ransomware, India hit by new ‘Fireball’ malware; among worst affected Jun 04, 2017 07:37 IST Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Jun 03, 2017 20:11 IST New iPhone 8 leaks reveal large display, rear Touch ID Jun 03, 2017 18:25 IST Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Jun 03, 2017 16:30 IST Motorola launches Moto C in India for Rs 5,999 Jun 02, 2017 20:22 IST Motorola launches new Moto C with Quad-core chip, 4G, 2350 mAh battery: Check prices... Jun 02, 2017 20:21 IST Now scan text, convert docs to PDFs using Adobe Scan Jun 02, 2017 15:45 IST CBSE result: Why fewer kids passed despite better show by govt schools in Delhi Jun 04, 2017 11:31 IST CBSE Class 10 result: Chandigarh bucks national trend; pass percentage up Jun 04, 2017 10:54 IST ‘She is our star’: UP girl beats 100% disability to score 8.8 in CBSE 10th exam Jun 04, 2017 10:27 IST Govt bans 32 private medical colleges from admitting students for two years Jun 04, 2017 07:26 IST CBSE Class 10 results out: Delhi’s pass percentage falls sharply by over 13% Jun 04, 2017 00:13 IST Photos: Ramzan prayers and feasting from a different eye Jun 02, 2017 12:55 IST Photos: Beat the scorching Delhi heat with some melons Jun 02, 2017 09:26 IST Photos | In MP’s Raisen fort hill, Ramzan also means firing a... Jun 01, 2017 10:22 IST NSG commandos defuse 59 live shells in Mumbai, mission a booming... May 31, 2017 19:09 IST Celebrating success: NDA cadets graduate, stage passing out... May 31, 2017 17:50 IST Meet the Kabuliwalas of Kolkata Jun 03, 2017 22:43 IST EVM challenge to prove machines can’t be rigged, underway Jun 03, 2017 16:49 IST Ramdev adopts, sponsors over 100 orphans of Kedarnath tradegy Jun 03, 2017 14:58 IST Ireland’s new PM Varadkar’s family in India expresses happiness Jun 03, 2017 13:11 IST Mobile internet services restored in Kashmir valley after 6 days Jun 03, 2017 12:56 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS 9,581-9,520 to provide immediate support to Nifty in case of decline Americans are ho-hum on Japan's stock rally In long term, one could expect markets to give 12-15% return: Sanjay Shah, Morgan Stanley Will focus on airport business, raise funds through divestment: Madhu Terdal, GMR Infrastructure New India Assurance plans IPO to raise Rs 8,000 crore 'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Monday, 5 June 2017 Market outlook: Correction overdue, use any bounce to protect your profit Stocks that can give 20-40% returns from current levels Nifty could move up further, hints dollar index correlation Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 02 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,273135.70 NIFTY 50 9,65437.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.44-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Ritesh JainFounder, worldoutofwhack.com He has over 20 years of experience in financial markets, bonds, equities, gold, and derivatives. Until recently, Jain was the CIO of Tata Asset Management and used to oversee $6 billion of assets under management. At World out of whack, he muses about macro opportunities and challenges, economics, business, and financial issues. What I read this week: Mr Modi, this PSU loses Rs 11.65 crore per employee, and it's still running ET CONTRIBUTORS| Updated: Jun 04, 2017, 11.08 AM IST READ MORE ON » united nationsproductMarketglobal warmingBusinessAir Indiaaffordable housing It is worth pointing out here that the government does not have unlimited money. Hi there! As many as 19 per cent of India’s citizens will be above 60 years by 2050, but only 25 per cent of them will have a financially secure retirement. Aren’t we staring at a mammoth problem of taking care of a senior population? That’s food for thought this week from some of the best content I read through the week. Besides, we will be left agape if I tell you how the central government is sustaining a public sector firm that produces a product which has long gone out of market and when the company has to incur a loss of Rs 11.65 crore per employee. Clue: it's not Air India! Do enjoy reading and spare a thought. But do also make time to enjoy your weekend. It’s important! The shortfall in retirement savings The challenges we face in providing our ageing population a financially secure retirement are well-known. In most countries around the world, standards of living and healthcare advancements are allowing people to live longer. This should be celebrated, but we should also consider the implications on the financial systems that have been designed to meet our retirement needs, which in many countries are already under severe strain. According to a study by WEF (World Economic Forum) by 2050, 19 per cent of India’s citizens will be above 60 years. According to the United Nations Population Division, only 25 per cent people currently have some form of pension cover. Moreover, India’s pension system has been rated as one of the worst in the world, with the 2015 Melbourne Mercer Global Pension Index ranking India the lowest among 25 countries on retirement savings programmes. One of the main reasons for this shortfall, the WEF explains, is that a majority of the Indian workforce operates in the informal sector with hardly any access to retirement saving plans. Additionally, the middle class in Asia’s third-largest economy is rapidly expanding. As incomes and the quality of life improve, the quantum of money required for retirees will also go up. Besides, unfavourable returns on investment could add to the shortfall. Currently, India has employer-managed pension programmes that are mandatory, along with an employee provident fund scheme, and the government is trying to bring some 400 million unorganised sector workers under pension schemes with initiatives such as the Atal Pension Yojana. Clearly, the need for more pension programmes has never been more urgent. But where is the money? Read More This PSU lost Rs 11.65 cr per employee, and it's not Air India The Modi government has a stated policy on the public sector enterprises that have stopped making profits and have become a burden on the exchequer. But it has been rather slow in taking measures to stop the haemorrhage. In an article, Vivek Kaul cited the instance of this government-owned company that has been losing money for over a decade. Between 2004-2005 and 2015-2016, the company lost close to Rs 15,000 crore in total. Hindustan Photo Films was the fourth largest loss maker among all public-sector enterprises in 2015-2016. What does the company do? Photo films went out of business a while back. The question is: Why is the government still running a photo film company when photo film has long been killed, first by the digital camera and then by the mobile phone. The company doesn't make photo films any more. During 2012-2013, total production of the company stood at Rs 3.6 crore. Sales stood at Rs 3.7 crore. Now imagine who in their right minds would run a company with sales of under Rs 4 crore and which ends up with losses of more than Rs 1,500 crore, as it did during the course of 2012-2013. As mentioned earlier, the company lost Rs 2,528 crore in 2015-2016. It employed 217 individuals. This meant a loss of Rs 11.65 crore per employee. This number shows the ridiculousness of the entire exercise of keeping a company alive. Banks keep giving loans to a dud company like Hindustan Photo Films, because they know they are ultimately lending to the central government, and what can be a safer form of lending than this. It is worth pointing out here that the government does not have unlimited money. Every rupee that goes towards funding the losses of companies like Hindustan Photo Films is money that does not go towards more important things like education, health, or affordable housing, for that matter. Read More 4 companies embracing circular economy Circular economy – an economic model focused on designing and manufacturing products, components and materials for reuse, remanufacturing, and recycling – promises big opportunities for the private sector to drive new and better growth and accelerate innovation. Shifting to the circular economy could release $4.5 trillion in new economic potential by 2030, shows an Accenture study. But how do we take that vision of a circular economy – which imagines a world without waste – and translate that into profitable and scalable action? Let’s take a look at some of the companies featured in the report. Aramark: Reducing food waste Food services provider Aramark has set a goal of reducing food waste by 50 per cent by 2030 from its 2015 baseline, such as by setting standards for ordering, receiving, preparing, serving and tracking food production. EILEEN FISHER: The path to 100 per cent circularity EILEEN FISHER’s take-back programme, in which employees and customers can bring back unwanted clothing for $5 store credit per piece, started in 2009 under the name Green Eileen. Funds raised from the programme are donated to organizations that support women, girls, and the environment Intel: Finding value in waste material Computer chip manufacturer Intel has set a goal to recycle 90 per cent of its non-hazardous waste and divert 100 per cent of its hazardous waste from landfills by 2020. Since 2008, Intel has recycled 75 per cent of the total waste generated from its operations, such as through upcycling, recycling, recovery, and reuse. Johnson Controls: Closing automotive batteries loop Johnson Controls has designed its conventional automotive batteries so that 99 per cent of the materials can be reused. Customers can return old batteries that are collected by Johnson Controls and turned into new batteries. The company’s circular supply chain has pushed recycling rates for conventional batteries to 99 per cent in North America, Brazil, and Europe in 2015, enabling Johnson Controls to produce batteries containing more than 80 per cent recycled material. Read More Random thoughts on Global warming Intellectual honesty requires that the issue be referred to as “global warming”, and not “climate change”. The theory is that human-generated CO2 is causing the world to warm up, not that humans are causing the climate to change. The climate is always changing. It was changing long before humans existed and will be changing long after humans become extinct. Anthropogenic Global Warming (AGW) is a hot/emotional topic because it is perceived as a potential excuse for more government intervention in the economy, that is, for a more powerful government. Due to the above point, the more libertarian-minded a person the more likely that he will disbelieve the AGW theory and be on the lookout for evidence that refutes or is inconsistent with the theory, whereas the stronger a person’s belief in a big role for government the more likely that he will be a proponent of the AGW theory and on the lookout for evidence that supports the theory. Even if we assume that global warming is still happening, that it is a problem to be reckoned with and that it is caused by Man, the claim that the best solution is for the government to become more involved in policing economic activity is, at best, the triumph of hope and naïveté over experience, logic and good economic theory. If history has taught us anything it is that when the government tries to fix a problem by getting more involved in the economy it either causes the original problem to become worse or creates an even bigger problem elsewhere. Read More (This is a revised version of the original content put out on June 3. The columnist makes this compilation of the best content he reads through the week on macro-economic issues and emerging trends worldwide, giving due credit to the sources. The author of one of the contents cited in this week’s article took offence to this practice. Taking note of his concerns, Jain has revised this article to give credit to the author as well.) Disclaimer: The opinions expressed in this column are that of the writer. The facts and opinions expressed here do not reflect the views of www.economictimes.com. READ MORE ON » united nationsproductMarketglobal warmingBusinessAir Indiaaffordable housing Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1What I read this week: Mr Modi, this PSU loses Rs 11.65 crore per employee, and it's still running 'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Monday, 5 June 2017 Market outlook: Correction overdue, use any bounce to protect your profit Stocks that can give 20-40% returns from current levels Nifty could move up further, hints dollar index correlation Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 5 June 2017 What changed your market while you were sleeping need2know: Eight facts to know before starting your day on D-Street RBI policy, macro data, monsoon to guide markets NSE to launch international exchange at GIFT city tomorrow Five of top 10 cos add Rs 37,214 cr in mcap; ITC, HUL shine BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Local Penn State Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service FAQ Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Community Calendar Submit an Event View Calendar Events Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Blue Mountain alumna advises obstacles ‘only bumps’ on path to dreams POLL Do you enjoy playing board games? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. GO WILD this summer! ENTER NOW to win a family 4-pack of tickets to Lake Tobias Wildlife Park BY AMY MARCHIANO / Published: June 3, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     JACQUELINE DORMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHERThe annual commencement ceremony at Blue Mountain High School in Orwigsburg on Friday, June 2, 2017. JACQUELINE DORMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHERGary Hummel, Pottsville, leads the Veterans of the Vietnam War Inc. Post 29, Schuylkill County, on to the football field at the annual commencement ceremony at Blue Mountain High School in Orwigsburg on Friday, June 2, 2017. Also seen are Bill Higgins, Pottsville, Carl “Boonie” Sterner, Schuylkill Haven, Guy Wiederhold, Pottsville, and John Russell, Pottsville, at left. Image Gallery for Blue Mountain alumna advises obstacles ‘only bumps’ on path to dreams Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link ORWIGSBURG — The 189 graduates of Blue Mountain High School’s Class of 2017 were told Friday to not give up when encountering obstacles on the way to pursuing their dreams. “Don’t let bumps in the road get you down. They are only bumps,” guest speaker Carolyn Duran, Ph.D., director, supply chain sustainability for Intel Corp., said during commencement at the high school’s Eagles’ Nest. The 1988 Blue Mountain alumna said the class will continue to be faced with choices that will affect their future. She asked the seniors to consider three things: they get to decide their future; adapting is a way to survive, and they need to make their situation and the world a better place. Duran said they can consider the good that can come out of a bad situation. She had circumstances in her own life that she didn’t foresee coming, but decided to address them in a positive manner while allowing herself some time to confront what she was faced with. Duran told the seniors to take chances and look for new opportunities. “Make your world a little bit better,” she said. Valedictorian Connor Kerstetter told his fellow classmates to go after a goal. They also should not be afraid to ask for help. “I hope you all take risks, try something new,” he said. Even though the goal they are seeking does not seem like it is within reach, they should keep striving. “Never stop believing that you will somehow make it. Continue to persist and persevere,” he said. Danielle Schuller is the class salutatorian. Mercy Fisher, 2017 class president, thanked everyone who helped the graduates to get where they are in life. “This class could not have succeeded without the many people that made it possible,” she said. Fisher said they should enjoy the moment they are experiencing, for it will not come again. Little did some of them realize that the first day of their senior year was the start of the first of many last moments they would share. She urged them to go out and make an impact in the world. “Make yourselves heard in your future,” Fisher said. Superintendent David Helsel said commencement services are always an emotional time, and that the graduates should not be afraid of what the future may bring. “I hope you look to it with confidence and self assurance,” he said. Kevin Berger, high school principal, said the graduates should be proud of all they accomplished, and noted some of those accomplishments. He said 74 percent of them plan to pursue post-secondary education, while others were joining the workforce or the military. “Your futures are very, very bright,” he said. Contact the writer: ; 570-628-6028 We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter Instagram      
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Artificial Intelligence Global Market, By System, Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Artificial Intelligence Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Artificial Intelligence market is poised to grow at a CAGR of above 35% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Growing number of AI applications in various industries and increasing adoption of AI enabled products & software tools improving consumer services are some of the factors driving the market. In addition to this, some of the key drivers include increased usage in 3D printers and adoption of digital assistance system in healthcare and transportation. For more information at http://www.reportsweb.com/artificial-intelligence-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Natural language processing and robotics among technology segment are expected to dominate the market owing to increasing adoption of language processing for the better consumer services, moreover, usage of robotics in industry automation and various government initiatives are the reason behind the growth of technology segment. The North American market is estimated to dominate the market segment due to widening usage of AI applications among various verticals. However, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region with respect to developing economies & electronics industry base. Some of the key players of the Artificial Intelligence market include Apple Inc., Bloomberg, Coursera, Facebook, Fingenius Limited, General Vision, Inc., Google Inc., IBM Corporation, Inbenta Technologies, Inc., Intel Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Numenta, Inc., Nvidia Corporation, Qualcomm, Sentient Technologies Holdings Ltd. and Tesla Motors. Systems Covered: - Expert Systems (ES) - Decision Support Systems (DSS) - Fuzzy Systems - Multi-Agent Systems - Intelligent System - Hybrid Systems - Other Systems Industries Covered: - Agriculture o AI-Guided Drone o Automated Irrigation/Harvesting (GPS-Enabled) Systems o Crop Monitoring - Automotive & Transportation o Autonomous Guided Vehicles o Infotainment Human-Machine Interface - BFSI o Automated Virtual Assistants o Fraud Detection o Wealth Management - Education - Entertainment o Drug Development o Health Assistance and Medical Management - Healthcare - Manufacturing o Robot Integrated CIM Systems - Media & Advertising o Customer Self-Service o Facial Recognition Advertising - Oil and Gas o Exploration and Production (E&P) Life Cycle - Retail o Product Recommendations o Autonomous In-Store Robots - Robotics - Science - Space Technology - Other Industries o Legal Informatics o Virtual Mentor AI Types Covered: - Strong AI - Weak AI - Other AI Types Technologies Covered: - Cognitive Computing - Context-Aware Processing - Deep Learning - Digital Personal Assistant - Image Recognition - Machine Learning - Natural Language Processing - Predictive APIs - Querying Method - Robotics - Speech Recognition - Other AI Technologies Services Covered: - Installation Services - Customization Services - Maintenance and Support Services - Application Integration Services Request Sample Copy: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583403/sample . Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 12 Company Profiling 12.1 Apple Inc. 12.2 Bloomberg 12.3 Coursera 12.4 Facebook 12.5 Fingenius Limited 12.6 General Vision, Inc. 12.7 Google Inc. 12.8 IBM Corporation 12.9 Inbenta Technologies, Inc. 12.10 Intel Corporation 12.11 Microsoft Corporation 12.12 Numenta, Inc. 12.13 Nvidia Corporation 12.14 Qualcomm 12.15 Sentient Technologies Holdings Ltd. 12.16 Tesla Motors Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583403/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market, Internet of Things (IoT) Market, Smart Cities Market “Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market Research Report 2017″Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. New Research Report on Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities market is a detailed research study that helps provides answers and pertinent questions with respect to the emerging trends and growth opportunities in this particular industry. It helps identify each of the prominent barriers to growth, apart from identifying the trends within various application segments of the global market for Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities. Collecting historical and recent data from various authentic resources, and depending on all the factors and trends, the report presents a figurative estimate of the future market condition, along with compound annual growth rate (CAGR). Get Sample Copy of This Report @: www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=76366 The IoT in smart cities market size is estimated to grow from USD 51.96 billion in 2015 to USD 147.51 billion by 2020, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 23.2%. North America is expected to hold the largest market share and dominate the market in 2015. Also, the market size in North America is expected to decrease slightly during the forecast period as most of the IoT in smart cities projects funded by American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) 2009 for investor- owned larger energy and utilities in the U.S. are expected to reach completion by early 2018. The IoT in smart cities solutions segment is expected to have the least growth rate during the forecast period. Asia-Pacific (APAC) is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The inadequate financial incentives for transportation and energy management, utilities, interoperability, and security issues are a few pivotal factors hindering the growth of the IoT in smart cities in the APAC region. Companies Profiled in this Report includes, Bosch Software Innovation Gmbh, CISCO Systems, Inc., Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd, Intel Corporation, IBM Corporation, Harman International Industries (ADITI TECHNOLOGIES), Enevo Oy Technologies, Infineon Technologies AG, Symantec Corporation and Schneider Electric Software, LLC. Get Discount on This Report @: www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=76366 Reason to Buy the Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market Research Report: The IoT in smart cities has been segmented by solution, platform, technology, and service. The availability of cloud deployment options for IoT in smart cities has further boosted the demand for IoT in smart cities solutions across transportation, energy management, infrastructure management, intelligent cities services, and building automation. This report covers Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities market from the bottom line, starting from its definition. Later, it segments the market on various criteria to give a depth of understanding on the various product types and pricing structures and applications. Each and every segment is examined carefully by factoring in sales, revenue and market size in order to understand the potential of growth and scope. Table of Contents Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market Report 2017 Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market Research Report 2017 Chapter 1 Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market Overview Chapter 2 Global Economic Impact on Industry Chapter 3 Global Market Competition by Manufacturers Chapter 4 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region Chapter 5 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions Chapter 6 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type Chapter 7 Global Market Analysis by Application Chapter 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis Chapter 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers Chapter 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders Chapter 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis Chapter 12 Global Market Forecast (2017-2021) About Research N Reports: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Research N Reports 10916, Gold Point DR. Houston, TX Pin: 77064 Sunny Denis +1-8886316977 sales@researchnreports.com www.researchnreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years Next PostNext Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Search Recent Posts The Philip J. DiNenno Prize awarded for the development and commercialization of Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus Riassunto: Westinghouse e Boilermakers si accordano su un nuovo contratto Portrait of Leonardo da Vinci discovered. Guess Who the Artist is? IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China Pacifists cheer Methodist minister ahead of trial for criminal damage Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
You must love science... And so do we. Every day, we send the latest research to our 40,000+ subscribers. Join us for free! We don't like spam either. Your personal information is secure! Skip to content News Environment Health & Medicine Space Feature More ZME Science About Authors Archives Advertise Advertise Media Kit Legal Privacy Policy Comment Policy Contact Contact Info Subscribe Contribute ADVERTISEMENT Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger resign from Trump Presidential Council after Paris Agreement withdrawal announced Last updated on June 2nd, 2017 at 11:59 pm by Mihai Andrei 10SHARES ShareTweet Keeping good on his promise, Elon Musk has announced his resignation from Trump’s advisory team. Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 You might be surprised Elon was a Trump advisor in the first place — I certainly was when I first heard of this prospect. After all, the Silicon Valley has been anything but friendly to Trump, and their ideals greatly differ from those of the US president. But nevertheless, Musk (and several other tech tycoons, we’ll get to them) said that they can only make a change by sitting at the table. So they tried to make a difference from within. They failed. It must have gotten Musk very angry, because he proceeded to tweet how India and China (blamed by Trump as the “big polluters,” even though the US is the world’s second largest polluter) are keeping their side of the deal and are much more ambitious than the US. India commits to sell only electric cars by 2030. It is already the largest market for solar power. https://t.co/EGBNTPzmE5 — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by 2030 as the US does from all sources today https://t.co/F8Ppr2o7Rl — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT In fact, pretty much all of Silicon Valley’s tech giants tried to stop Trump from withdrawing from the Paris Agreement (more on that here and here). The CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP and Intel wrote an open letter to Trump, which he ignored. “As other countries invest in advanced technologies and move forward with the Paris Agreement, we believe the United States can best exercise global leadership and advance US interests by remaining a full partner in this vital global effort,” the letter read. But it didn’t work — nothing did. Trump made his intentions abundantly clear, and despite the international backlash and national uproar, he did what he wanted. Now, Trump’s inner circle is also starting to thin. Aside from Musk, Disney’s CEO Bob Iger also announced his resignation, and was retweeted by Elon Musk in a show of support. As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017 It’s a matter of principle, Iger says, and he’s right. There is a deeply established scientific consensus on man-made climate change, and it is also becoming increasingly clear that we can protect the planet while also increasing the economy. Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Agreement is not only reckless and unethical, it just doesn’t make any sense. “Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future, and they aren’t mutually exclusive. I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement and, as a matter of principle, I’ve resigned from the President’s advisory council.” Apple CEO Tim Cook, who is also an adviser, slammed the decision and said that no only is climate change real, but each of us has a responsibility to tackle it. However, no talk of resignation. Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government. — Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) June 1, 2017 It’s not unlike Trump to go against what people are advising him to do, but there’s something highly symbolic in the US president shunning the leaders of Earth’s largest innovation center. It’s like he’s turning away from innovation, looking away from the future. Like he’s doing by withdrawing from the Paris Agreement.Click here for reuse options! Copyright 2017 ZME Science Enjoyed this article? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter. Subscribe now! Like us on Facebook Tags: Bob Igerdonald trumpelon muskparis agreement Your opinion matters -- voice it in the comments below! Advertisement What readers liked This Week Last Month This Week Last Month 01 Terraforming Mars: what it is and why we’d do something this crazy 02 Why clouds don’t fall 03 What are free radicals and how we can fight them with antioxidants, according to science 04 SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy — the most powerful rocket in the world — is nearly ready 05 A flat-earther brought a spirit level on a plane to prove the Earth is flat. Yeah… Advertisement Editor’s Pick Feature Post8 simple tips to help you become a vegetarian Feature PostFractal: the stunning beauty of Earth’s megastorms seen through Chad Cowan’s eyes Did you know?Celebrities that have secretly published scientific research Advertisement Advertisement Trending now Japan launches satellite to generate its own, better GPS Trump puts USA against the world, withdrawing from the Paris Agreement Fact checking Donald Trump’s speech — most is simply wrong, some is only misleading Expedition to the deep ocean reveals myriad of bizarre creatures, including “faceless fish” How tree-climbing goats keep one of Morocco’s agricultural treasures growing Exclusive George Adamson — the man who lived with lions The man who got his head into a particle accelerator Here’s how Donald Trump might bring the U.S. back to the climate ‘dark ages’ Double Exposure Portraits Show Beautiful Animals and Their Habitats Stanislav Petrov – the man who probably saved the world Big Science 12 months on our planet Curiosity first color image from Mars Tiangong-1 Chinese space-dock set to launch this week Scientists grow new teeth from stem cells Mars updates: Curiosity finds organic compounds, new rover in 2020 © 2007-2017 ZME Science. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Authors | Contact. Back to top News Environment Animals Climate Renewable Energy Eco tips Environmental Issues Green Living Health & Medicine Alternative Medicine Anatomy Diseases Genetics Mind & Brain Nutrition Space Astronomy Astrophysics Observations Feature Feature Post Art Great Pics Design Fossil Friday AstroPicture GeoPicture Did you know? Offbeat More ZME Science Advertise Legal Contact logo Search the site ×
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy Remembering Tiananmen Square: 28 years later, thousands gather in Hong Kong London terror attacks: Gurudwaras open doors to stranded locals, tourists; offer food and shelter Champions League: Real Madrid's 12th title, Cristiano Ronaldo's 600th career goal and more defining stats How did Saddam Hussein spend his final days? Eating muffins and relaying anecdotes about his children Indian Railways asked to pay Rs 75,000 as compensation to passenger whose seat was occupied by others Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks?   03 Jun 2017 , 11:30 #Tech shares Getty Images Technology shares have led US stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. “These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech,” said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. “You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas,” he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. “Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership,” said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new “five horsemen” have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT… This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks – Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet – and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year’s underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. “We’re most overweight in technology but I don’t want to stay too long at the party,” said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. “What I’m watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas,” he said. “Financials are going to be catching a tailwind.” AllianceBernstein’s Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare, the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. “Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle.” Reuters Publish date: June 3, 2017 11:30 am| Modified date: June 3, 2017 11:30 am Tags: Alphabet, Apple, Cisco, Dell, Facebook, Merrill Lynch, Micrsoft, Netflix Also read Truecaller beats Facebook to become the fourth most downloaded app in India Baahubali Facebook stickers cross 13 million downloads in seven days X Recommended For You CPI-M calls for discussion on the design choices of EVMs with EC and parties BEL and Botswana deny holding any hackathon to test EVM machines WWDC 2017: Here’s what Apple has in store for this year’s event Virtual reality capable of soothing pain Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Smartphone Jun 5, 2017 Researchers create a new “Miracle Material” with unbreakable properties #Tech Mahindra Jun 5, 2017 Tech Mahindra recognized as a global engineering R&D services provider leader #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Blockchain Jun 5, 2017 Food Industry is testing Blockchain to ensure safety of the food #Social Media Jun 5, 2017 Post London attack, Facebook hopes to be a ‘hostile environment’ for terrorism #Telecom Jun 5, 2017 Telecom industry’s cash deficit at Rs 1.2 lakh crore, says Reliance Communications SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Computex 2017 Gigabyte Aorus X5 MD hands-on: GTX 1080 + NVIDIA Max-Q Computex 2017 ASUS's new ZenScreen is the USB-C second screen you didn't know you needed Computex 2017 The Eve V looks like a Surface but has unique USB-C underlay Alter your reality Microsoft rolls out Windows Mixed Reality headsets from Dell, ASUS, Lenovo Computex 2017 ASUS ROG Zephyrus GX501 hands-on: GTX 1080 and ludicrously thin < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Computex 2017 Acer Nitro 5 hands-on: Gaming power on a budget By Alex Dobie Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 5:51 am EDT 0 Comments Acer's new entry-level gaming laptop looks the part, packs plenty of performance, and starts at just $799. In the gaming laptop space, you can usually be sure of two things: Stuff's gonna be powerful, (slightly) ridiculous-looking, and suitably expensive. But with the Nitro 5, first announced shortly before Computex and publicly shown for the first time on the show floor in Taipei, is different. You could call it a budget gaming laptop, but it's not really deserving of the negative connotations that go along with that description. The idea is to ship an attractive, gaming-centric rig that looks the part but doesn't murder your bank account — hence the liberal use of red chassis lighting and colored accents, and subtle wedge-like angles. The overall message is: This is a serious gaming laptop with some serious power behind it. This looks, feels and performs like a solid gaming laptop. Upon closer inspection, there are certainly aesthetic and build quality differences compared to laptops that sell in the $2,500-3,000 price range. When you're working within a more constrained budget, particularly with higher-end internals, there will inevitably be compromises. But the Nitro 5 doesn't look or feel cheap. Your choice of Intel/NVIDIA or AMD. There are actually two versions of the Acer Nitro 5 to choose from depending on your favored pairing of CPU and GPU. The first has an NVIDIA GTX 1050 Ti GPU and seventh-generation Intel Core processors, and there's another with seventh-gen AMD A-series CPUs and RX550 GPUs. For what it's worth, we're looking at the Intel/NVIDIA version here, which was the only one on show at the Acer booth at Computex. On the outside at least, both models should be identical. The use of an GTX 1050 Ti in the NVIDIA version is particularly promising. That chip doesn't rival the GTX 1060 used in more expensive models like the Razer Blade, but it represents a decent bump past the more common non-Ti variant. You'll likely have to settle for a less dazzling spec loadout to pick up an Acer Nitro 5 for the baseline price of $799 in the U.S., but even so, this machine could be a fantastic entry-level gaming machine for college students, or anyone who doesn't want to part with a huge amount of cash to play PC games on the go. Tempted by what Acer's cooking up here, or would you buy something more premium? Let us know in the comments! Reader comments Acer Nitro 5 hands-on: Gaming power on a budget 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Weekly Roundup: Essential Phone, Sony Xperia XZ Premium, Moto C, Nubia Z17 and more This week at the Computex ASUS introduced ZenBook Flip S, ZenBook Pro UX550, VivoBook Pro 15 and VivoBook S15, ZenPad 3S 8.0 Z582KL and new ZenPad 10, Andy Rubin’s  Essential introduced  Essential PH1 smartphone, YU launched YUREKA BLACK,  Sony launched its flagship Xperia XZ Premium, Motorola launched the Moto C and more that happened this week in our weekly roundup. ASUS introduced ZenBook Flip S (UX370), which is currently the world’s thinnest convertible laptop at just 10.9mm thickness and is also one of the lightest at 1.1kg. It has a 13-inch up to 4K UHD multitouch NanoEdge 360° flippable display that has support for active stylus. The 360° ErgoLift hinge has a dual-action mechanism that lifts and tilts the keyboard into comfortable typing position when the display is opened beyond 135°. It starts at US$ 1099 (Rs. 70967 approx.) and will be available from September 2017. Asus also announced ZenBook Pro UX550 at the Computex 2017. It features a 15.6-inch 4K UHD NanoEdge display that has a slim 7.3mm bezel and is powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ quad-core processor. Equipped by Windows 10. It comes with NVIDIA GeForce GTX1050 Ti graphics, a 1TB PCIe x4 SSD and 16GB DDR4 RAM. The device sports quad-speaker Harman Kardon surround-sound audio and a fingerprint sensor. It starts from US$ 1,299, and will be available this summer. Android creator Andy Rubin this week introduced Essential Phone, as expected. It has a 5.7-inch Quad HD edge-to-edge display and is powered by latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor. It sports a titanium and ceramic body that offers it a premium look. It has a 13MP Dual RGB + Mono camera with image fusion technology and has a 360-degree camera attachment capable of shooting UHD (3840 x 1920) video at 30fps. It is priced at $699, comes in Black Moon, Stellar Grey, Pure White and Ocean Depths and is available for pre-order in the U.S. A bundle with the 360-degree camera is also available for the promotional price of $749. Panasonic India launched 65-inch EX750 3D (TH-65EX750D) 4K Ultra HD TV and EX600 series that includes 43-inch (TH-43EX600D) , 49-inch (TH-49EX600D) and 55-inch (TH-55EX600D) 4K Ultra HD TVs in its 2017 line-up along with UA7 sound system. All these TVs have 4K Hexa Chroma Drive Pro, 4K HDR technology and the high-end EX750 has 4K Pro HDR1000 powered by Studio Colour HCX2 processor. The Panasonic EX750 65-inch TV is priced at Rs. 3,10,000, while the 55-inch, 49-inch and 43-inch  EX600 series TVs are priced at Rs. 1,78,900, Rs. 1,41,000 and  Rs. 78,900, respectively. After launching Black Edition F3 Plus in India last month, OPPO this week launched Black Edition of F3 smartphone in the country just in time for the upcoming Champions Trophy that starts tomorrow. There is also a limited edition black version that comes with a BCCI Logo, highlighting the OPPO and BCCI partnership. The OPPO F3 Black Edition will soon be available exclusively from Flipkart as well as offline stores for Rs. 19,990. The OPPO F3 BCCI Limited Edition will be auctioned on Flipkart one day before the India vs. Pakistan match. Sony launched Xperia XZ Premium, the company’s latest flagship smartphone in India. It has the world’s first smartphone with Snapdragon 835 SoC and a 5.5-inch 4K HDR display with Sony’s own technologies such as TRILUMINOS Display for mobile, X-Reality for mobile and Dynamic Contrast Enhancer. It has the same 19-megapixel Motion Eye camera as the Xperia XZs with 1/ 2.3″ Exmor RS memory stacked sensor, 960 fps super slow motion videos, Predictive Capture, Anti-distortion shutter, Triple image sensing technology and 5-axis image stabilisation for shake-free videos. It comes in Luminous Chrome and Deepsea Black colors, is priced at Rs. 59,990 and will be available starting from June 12th. It is available for pre-order at all Sony Center, select retail outlets and exclusively on Amazon.in. YU launched YUREKA BLACK with a 5-inch 1080p 2.5D curved glass display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection, Octa-Core Snapdragon 430 Mobile Platform, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), has a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual LED flash and Sony IMX258 sensor and a 8-megapixel front-facing camera with selfie flash. It also has a fingerprint sensor embedded into the home button to unlock the phone in just 0.2 seconds. It has a unibody metal design and is 8.7mm thick. It comes in Chrome Black color with glossy finish and Matte Black color with smooth finish, is priced at Rs. 8999 and will be available exclusively from Flipkart starting midnight of June 6th. Samsung this week launched 6GB RAM with 128GB storage version of the S8+ in the country that costs about Rs. 10,000 more than the 4GB RAM with 64GB storage version.  It comes in Midnight Black color, is priced at Rs. 74,990 and will be available across India from June 9th. Motorola this week launched Moto C budget smartphone with 4G VoLTE support in India. It was introduced last month and packs a 5-inch FWVGA screen, is powered by a quad-core MediaTek MT6737M processor and runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat). It has a 5-megapixel auto focus rear camera with LED flash and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera that also has LED flash. It comes in Pearl White and Starry Black colors and is priced at Rs. 5,999 in India. It is available across 100+ cities in the country. ZTE’s nubia brand this week announced Nubia Z17 flagship smartphone in China. It has a 5.5-inch 1080p bezel-less display, is powered by an Octa-Core processor and runs on Android 7.1 (Nougat) with Nubia UI 5.0. It has a 12-megapixel rear camera with f/1.8 aperture,0.03 second dual pixel focus, 1.4μm pixel size along with a secondary 23-megapixel secondary camera for 2x optical zoom and 10x dynamic zoom. It also has a 16-megapixel front-facing camera. It comes in Aurora Blue, Black Gold, Obsidian Black, Solar Gold, Flame Red colors and is priced at 2799 yuan (US$ 411 / Rs. 26,490 approx.) for the base 6GB RAM with 64GB storage version, 3399 yuan (US$ 499 / Rs. 32,170 approx.) for the 6GB RAM with 128GB storage version and the top-end 8GB RAM with 128GB storage version costs 3999 yuan (US$ 587 / Rs. 37850 approx.). Samsung at the Computex 2017 introduced new 13.3-inch and 15-inch Notebook 9 Pro models. The main highlight of new Notebook 9 Pro is its 13.3″ / 15.0″ 1080p display with Touch Screen Panel that can be rotated 360-degrees to use in notebook or tablet mode and built-in S Pen with a 0.7mm tip that cab detect more than 4,000 levels of pressure and tilt that lets you write or draw in the most comfortable position. It comes in Titan Silver colors but there is no word on pricing or availability yet. Asus introduced new ZenPad 3S 8.0 and two new Asus ZenPad 10 tablets at the Computex 2017 in Taiwan. The ZenPad 3S 8.0 (Z582KL) is the smaller version of the ZenPad 3S 10 (Z500M) that was introduced last year. The new model has a 7.9-inch 2K (2048 x 1536 resolution) screen dual speakers and 4GB of RAM. It also has a 6.9mm slim unibody metal design. The new ZenPad 10 models come in 10.1-inch WXGA and Full HD models, run Android 7.0 (Nougat) and have 4G LTE support. Motorola this week announced Moto Z2 Play.. It has a 5.5-inch 1080p Super AMOLED display, is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 626 processor, runs on Android 7.1.1 (Nougat), has a 12-megapixel rear camera with Dual autofocus pixels plus laser autofocus that promises good low-light shots. It also has a 5-megapixel front-facing camera and has dual-tone LED flash for both front and rear cameras. It comes in Lunar Gray, Nimbus Blue and Fine Gold colors and starts at $499 (Rs. 32130 approx.). It will be available from Brazil today for R$ 1,999 (US$ 616 / Rs. 39725 approx.) for the 4GB RAM with 64GB version. Nikon this week introduced Coolpix W300 rugged compact camera in India. It is waterproof up to 30m, is capable of surviving falls of up to 2.4m, weathers the cold temperatures down to -10°C, and manages a dustproof ruggedness, claims Nikon. It sports 16MP, 1/2.3-inch CMOS sensor with 5x optical zoom and can record 4K Ultra HD resolution videos at 30fps. It also has three-inch LCD and built-in GPS, altimeter, and depth gauge.  is priced at $389.95 (Rs. 25,000 approx.) in the US. and will be available in July in India. "Weekly Roundup: Essential Phone, Sony Xperia XZ Premium, Moto C, Nubia Z17 and more", 4 out of 5 based on 10 ratings. Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on June 3, 2017June 3, 2017Categories Roundup Post navigation Previous Previous post: Nokia Android Phones launching on June 13, Moto Z2 Play announced and more – FoneArena Daily Next Next post: Nokia 9 with Snapdragon 835, 13MP dual cameras, Android 7.1 surfaces in benchmarks Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Skype gets a major upgrade with a new design, Highlights, better group chats and more Nokia 9 with Snapdragon 835, 13MP dual cameras, Android 7.1 surfaces in benchmarks Weekly Roundup: Essential Phone, Sony Xperia XZ Premium, Moto C, Nubia Z17 and more Nokia Android Phones launching on June 13, Moto Z2 Play announced and more – FoneArena Daily Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+ announced, can charge devices up to 15% faster, 30% more efficiently compared to Quick Charge 4 iOS developer earnings from the App Store top $70 billion HMD Global schedules an event in India on June 13, Nokia 3, Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 expected LG Pay mobile payment service launched in South Korea Asus Zenfone Live Review Moto C with 5-inch display, Android 7.0, 4G VoLTE launched in India for Rs. 5999 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? USA-STOCKS-WEEKAHEAD:Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue?Reuters | Jun 3, 2017, 08.45 AM IST By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare, the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web How the Scientific Applications of Baseball are being Taug.. GEMS World Academy Chicago Leonardo DiCaprio's Mansion Is Beyond Stunning Lonny What Was Found In These Abandoned Airplanes Standard News More from The Times of India Mysskin: K Bhagyaraj in Mysskin’s film - Times of India 12 arrested in London attack case Steve Smith urges Australia to step on the gas From the Web More From The Times of India Experience the Best-Selling Third Row Luxury SUV from AcuraAcura Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These..New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Meet The Powerful Women That Are Married To Impressive Bil..Sportingz Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 MinivansMinivans - Sponsored Ads She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly Japan offers soft loan for bullet trains - Times of India Indian junkies' ande ka funda - Times of India Top 10 sources of omega-3 fatty acids - The Times of India Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web 8 Foods That Are Surprisingly Good for Weight Loss MyFitnessPal by Under Armour This Royal's Chic Style Rivals Kate Middleton StyleBistro 5 Meal Kits that Will Help You Lose Weight MyHealthyMeals More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India 'Aankhein 2' to have its mahurat today - Times of India 5 interesting facts about Saffron ​ Most Popular Bihar board 'topper' Ganesh Kumar arrested, his result cancelled Security agencies gear up to fight 'bedroom jihadis' in Kashmir SBI ATM, online, cash transaction fees change from June 1: All you need to know Ravi Narain steps down as NSE vice chairman Ravi Narain, one of the founding members of National Stock Exchange has stepped down from the board of the exchange with immediate effect. Sensex, Nifty close at fresh record highs Riding on the back of strong global markets and an early onset of monsoon, Sensex and Nifty continued to trade bullish and both the indices closed at fresh highs on Friday after a four day-consolidation. Read MoreYorkwall st weekaheadU STierneyThomson Reuters Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Idemitsu's founding family to oppose CEO re-election - Nikkei S.Korean court denies arrest request for daughter of key corruption case suspect Laptop ban, protectionism hang over booming air travel industry Marquee Brands-led group in bid for bankrupt BCBG -sources 1Wall St Weekahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? 2Idemitsu's founding family to oppose CEO re-election - Nikkei 3S.Korean court denies arrest request for daughter of key corruption case suspect 4Laptop ban, protectionism hang over booming air travel industry 5Marquee Brands-led group in bid for bankrupt BCBG -sources Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends NZ vs AUS Live Score Paris Climate Agreement Champions Trophy 2017 Paris agreement Manila shooting Nissan Micra 2017 <p class="MsoNormal">CBSE Class 10th result<o:p></o:p></p> Ramachandra Guha Philippines ICC CT Schedule Sensex Manila shooting Sopore encounter PM Modi Angela Merkel services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 Hindi Movies English Movies Tamil Movies Telugu Movies xXx Malayalam Movies Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Hollywood News Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` Sip on free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced Coffee while reading the latest news on TOI.Login to claim
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? close breaking news Advertisement Business As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., June 2, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid 03 Jun 2017 11:05AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple , Alphabet , Facebook and Microsoft . The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon , a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. Advertisement Advertisement (To view a graphic on 'The Five Horsemen: growing influence of largest technology companies' click http://reut.rs/2sntpYb) Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco , Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than US$612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near US$3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying US$18.50 for every US$1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than US$40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the US$20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare , the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople News  |  World  |  US   Trump announces US withdrawal from Paris climate deal By AFP   |   01 June 2017   |   8:15 pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Continue playing Trump pulling U.S. out of Paris climate deal: sources You may also like Watch again Trump pulling U.S. out of Paris climate deal: sources You may also like President Donald Trump on Thursday announced America's withdrawal from the Paris climate deal, signaling a policy shift with wide-ranging repercussions for the climate and Washington's ties with the world. In a highly anticipated statement from the White House Rose Garden, Trump said the United States would abandon the current deal -- but was open to negotiating a new one. "As of today, the United States will cease all implementation of the non-binding Paris accord and the draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country," Trump said. "We're getting out but we'll start to negotiate and we will see if we can make a deal that's fair. And if we can, that's great. And if we can't, that's fine." Although details and the timeframe are still unclear, Trump argued that the agreement was a bad deal for Americans and that he was keeping a campaign promise to put American workers first. "I cannot, in good conscience, support a deal that punishes the United States, which is what it does," Trump said. The White House has told allies the 2015 deal was signed by President Barack Obama out of "desperation." Trump faced last-minute pressure from business tycoons, foreign allies and from inside his own White House not to pull out of the 196-party accord. Ever the showman, the 70-year-old gave his decision a reality-TV-style tease, refusing to indicate his preference either way until his announcement. His decision could seriously hamper efforts to cut emissions and limit global temperature increases. The United States is the world's second largest emitter of greenhouse gases, after China. Opponents of withdrawal -- said to include Trump's own daughter Ivanka -- have warned that America's reputation and its leadership role on the world stage are also at stake, as is the environment. Nicaragua and Syria are the only countries not party to the Paris accord, the former seeing it as not ambitious enough and the latter being racked by a brutal civil war. - Diplomatic pressure - Trump's long wind-up prompted fierce lobbying, with his environmental protection chief Scott Pruitt and chief strategist Steve Bannon urging the president to leave. A dozen large companies including oil major BP, agrochemical giant DuPont, Google, Intel and Microsoft, have also urged Trump to remain part of the deal. Tesla and SpaceX boss Elon Musk said he would have "no choice" but to leave White House-backed business councils if Trump pulls out. On the diplomatic front, German Chancellor Angela Merkel led the "remain" camp, publicly describing the deal as "essential," and suggesting other countries would press ahead regardless. Trump raised alarm bells when he refused to sign up to a pledge on the deal at last week's G7 meeting in Italy. Merkel on Saturday labelled the result of the "six against one" discussion "very difficult, not to say very unsatisfactory." European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was less diplomatic, all but accusing the US president of being ill-informed. "I am a transatlanticist. But if the US president in the next hours and days says that he will get out of the Paris accord, then it's the responsibility of Europe to say: that's not acceptable." He noted that it would likely take three or four years to exit from the Paris deal, and revealed that world leaders had sought to explain that to Trump at the G7 summit. "As it appears, that attempt failed," said Juncker. - China pledge - Hours ahead of Trump's announcement, China's Premier Li Keqiang also pledged to stay the course on implementing the climate accord, and urged other countries to do likewise. "China will continue to implement promises made in the Paris Agreement, to move towards the 2030 goal step by step steadfastly," Li said in a Berlin joint press conference with Merkel. "But of course, we also hope to do this in cooperation with others." China has been investing billions in clean energy infrastructure, as its leaders battle to clear up the choking pollution enveloping its biggest cities, including Beijing. China and the US are responsible for some 40 percent of the world's emissions and experts warn is vital for both to remain in the Paris agreement if it is to succeed. The leader of Asia's other behemoth, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, said this week failing to act on climate change would be "morally criminal". - Contradictory signals - Trump's announcement comes less than 18 months after the historic climate pact was adopted in the French capital, the fruit of a hard-fought agreement between Beijing and Washington under Obama's leadership. The Paris Agreement commits signatories to efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming, which is blamed for melting ice caps and glaciers, rising sea levels and more violent weather events. They vowed steps to keep the worldwide rise in temperatures "well below" two degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) from pre-industrial times and to "pursue efforts" to hold the increase under 1.5 degrees Celsius. Since taking office on January 20, Trump, who has called climate change a "hoax", has sent contradictory signals on the Paris deal. When asked on Tuesday whether Trump believes human activity is contributing to climate change, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters, "Honestly, I haven't asked him that. I can get back to you." Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Donald TrumpParis climate deal You may also like Outrage as Trump targets London mayor over attacks 1 day ago  World Kerry, Gore blast Trump climate exit 1 day ago  World Putin says he 'didn't really talk' to Flynn at Moscow dinner 1 day ago  World 12 arrested after 'evil' London terror attack 1 day ago  World Jail term for Saudi writer confirmed 1 day ago  World Paris's Eiffel Tower to go dark for London attack victims 1 day ago  World The Guardian Manufacturing Excellence Awards 2017: Nominees More   Latest Paris climate accord and U.S. world leadership 3 mins ago  Property Firm rewards staff with N700 million houses  6 mins ago  Real Estate Government begins countdown to enforcement of executive orders 6 mins ago  Nigeria Afreximbank seals $1.2b dual currency deals 8 mins ago  Money Revisiting the fiscal purse 8 mins ago  Money Contributor Molara Wood Surviving Jos Top stories of the week 1 Buhari, please don’t die before me! 2 Our $1 billion investment in rice cultivation to boost self-sufficiency, says Dangote 3 Arsenal agree fee for Nigeria's Henry Onyekuru 4 Police arrest suspected kidnappers of Lagos college students 5 Furore over health effects of catfish 6 Nnamdi Kanu meets Igbo leaders in Enugu over Biafra 7 Appointment of Customs CG now subject to Senate confirmation 8 Ballon d'Or in play as Ronaldo bears down on Messi 9 FUTA launches satellite into U.S. space 10 UEFA 2017 finals: Six reasons Real Madrid can win it Get the latest news and analysis of issues from Nigeria, Africa and around the world, direct into your inbox, daily Subscribe Now Trending Nnamdi Kanu meets Igbo leaders in Enugu over Biafra 4 days ago  Nigeria Senate panel okays fuel price increase, others 3 days ago  Nigeria Africa our motherland, Nigeria our root, says Floyd Mayweather 2 days ago  Sport Ballon d'Or in play as Ronaldo bears down on Messi 4 days ago  Sport UEFA 2017 finals: Six reasons Real Madrid can win it 3 days ago  Sport Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News National Africa World Business Opinion Talks From the Street Fashion Sport Entertainment Entertainment News Music Comedy Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us Terms |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Digital Trends MSI Radeon RX 550 Aero ITX review AMD’s well-intentioned Radeon RX 550 doesn’t have it where it counts Share The Radeon RX 550’s price is attractive, but it doesn't make games look beautiful -- even at just 1080p resolution. The Radeon RX 550’s price is attractive, but it doesn't make games look beautiful -- even at just 1080p resolution. The Radeon RX 550’s price is attractive, but it doesn't make games look beautiful -- even at just 1080p resolution. Highs Compact size Strong warranty Lows Poor performance for the price Limited connectivity Can’t keep up at 1080p DT Editors' Rating 5.0 Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Video Card Reviews > MSI Radeon RX 550 Aero ITX review By Brad Bourque Posted on 06.02.17 Research Center: MSI Radeon RX 550 Aero ITX As professional gaming swells from a joke to a serious, international business, hardware companies have found ways to appeal to this new breed of gamer. One example is the eSports-focused video card, intended to play games like League of Legends or Overwatch at decent framerates without breaking the bank. Of course, what games qualify as eSports titles, and how much power they need, varies greatly, and these low-budget cards tend to only address part of the professional gaming market. At just $85, the MSI Aero ITX version of the Radeon RX 550 may fall dangerously close to this peril. Is AMD’s new entry-level graphics solution right in the sweet spot for budget gaming, or too slow for its own good? Under the (tiny) hood Before digging into performance, let’s take a look under the Radeon RX 550’s hood. The reference design draws just 50 Watts of power, with 8 Compute Units and 512 Stream Processors, with up to 4GB of GDDR5, depending on the board partner. AMD states a 1,100MHz base clock and 1,138MHz boost clock, but again, that will vary based on card and cooling options. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Our review unit is an MSI Aero ITX version, with a simple, short cooler and no external power demands. There are no reference models this time around, and most other AIB partner models will have one fan and similar power requirements. MSI bumped the maximum boost clock up to 1,203MHz — not too shabby, considering this particular model end of the Radeon RX 550’s price spectrum. It only has 2GB of GDDR5, which we think is the right choice for a video card in this price bracket. However, a 4GB model is available for $100, too. Like a lot of cards its size, this version of the Radeon RX 550 only has a single HDMI port, a single DisplayPort, and a lone DVI-D. Those ports give users options, but only for one screen. Multi-monitor setups can be a bit tricky without two of the same port. Performance With the boring stuff out of the way, let’s dig right into our performance testing. We benchmarked the Radeon RX 550 on our high-end test rig with an Intel Core i7-6950X, 16GB of RAM, and an Intel 700 Series SSD. It’s certainly overkill for the card, but we have a wealth of test data for it, and it should allow every graphics solution to reach its full potential, unencumbered by potential bottlenecks. Even in our synthetic testing, things don’t look good for the Radeon RX 550. It’s almost 50 percent slower than the GTX 1050 we last reviewed, which was also an MSI offering. The GTX 1050 sports a slightly higher 75W TDP, but it’s able to draw enough power from the board, so the difference isn’t likely to have an effect on overall system capabilities. Ouch. The Radeon RX 550 continues to fall well behind the GTX 1050, and that’s a serious problem. While the GTX 1050 is a bit more expensive, the cards are already in a precarious position market-wise, and they don’t come close to producing playable framerates at 1080p in modern games. Yes, it’s true the RX 550 will run Counter-Strike or League of Legends without issue, but that’s true of any video card. Most gamers are not going to want to stick to just one game. And some modern competitive titles, like Overwatch, can be demanding. MSI Radeon RX 550 Aero ITX Compared To Asus Strix Radeon RX 570 OC 4G MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Armor 11G OC MSI GeForce GTX 1050 2G OC AMD Radeon RX 480 AMD Radeon R9 380X NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 Nvidia GeForce GTX Titan X Nvidia GeForce GTX 980 AMD Radeon R9 295X2 NVIDIA DualTV MCE ATI All-In-Wonder X1900 MSI RX800 XT MSI GeForce FX5700-VT2DR256 ATI Radeon 9800 XT 256MB ATI All-In-Wonder Radeon 9800 Pro Value is also an issue. As you can see, the RX 550 is demolished even by the GTX 1050. A more serious card like the RX 570 will prove several times quicker in many games. Yes, it’s more expensive, but you’re getting more FPS per dollar. Warranty information MSI covers all of its graphics solutions for a full three years from manufacturer defects and issues. That’s a premium warranty for a GPU at any price, with most OEMs just offering a one year warranty. Our Take The least expensive Radeon in the RX 500 series may be affordable, but you get what you pay for. Our MSI Aero ITX review unit was unable to keep up a 60 FPS average at 1080p in any of our modern games, even with the settings turned down to medium. It’s a card meant for casual MOBA players, or the odd Rocket League match on the couch, and that’s about it. Is there a better alternative? Yes. With settings at modest levels, the GTX 1050 comes a lot closer to our ideal scores in more games, and iterations are frequently available under $100. MSI’s GTX 1050, with a similar cooler, was on sale for $85, the same as the Radeon RX 550, at time of this writing. Even when it’s not on sale, the added performance is well worth another $20. How long will it last? While the movement to higher resolution panels than 1080p has been more of a crawl than we expected, no card at this price is going to set you up for gaming, even at the current standard. You’re trading a lot of performance to save some dollars and keep from upgrading your power supply, and it really shows when it comes to longevity. Should you buy it? No. The Radeon RX 550 tries to strike at a niche market, and doesn’t manage to do it better than cards at exactly the same price. Users shouldn’t head into a sub-$100 GPU hoping to play brand new titles at smooth frame rates, and that’s doubly true here. If that’s all you have to spend, the GTX 1050 is just a better choice.
Digital Trends Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review Xiaomi’s affordable Mi Pad 3 is a tablet everyone can enjoy Share Xiaomi's Mi Pad 3 excels at the essentials, but is overshadowed by Apple’s cheap new iPad. Xiaomi's Mi Pad 3 excels at the essentials, but is overshadowed by Apple’s cheap new iPad. Xiaomi's Mi Pad 3 excels at the essentials, but is overshadowed by Apple’s cheap new iPad. Highs Hits the tablet size sweet spot at 7.9-inches High-resolution screen Attractive design Lows Frustrating software and operation quirks Mediocre camera DT Editors' Rating 6.0 Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Tablet Reviews > Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review By Andy Boxall Posted on 06.02.17 Research Center: Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Do tablets still have a place in the world? They’re not the trend they once were, and even Apple — the one company making tablets that sell in any quantity — has dropped the price on its 2017 entry-level iPad model to encourage people to buy or upgrade. At $330, the iPad is an all-around affordable option, but you’ll have to search for an Android tablet if you want something cheaper. Xiaomi has released a new version of its Mi Pad, called the Mi Pad 3. It’s an iPad Mini-sized device with Xiaomi’s MIUI user interface over the top of Google’s operating system. It’s cheaper than the iPad Mini 4 and the new iPad, at around $270; but you’ll have to import one if you want it in the U.S. Is it worth the import? No. While there’s nothing horribly wrong with the Mi Pad 3, its small quirks and issues do not justify the $270 price tag, especially when the new iPad is just $60 more. Let’s take a closer look. This looks familiar What does the Mi Pad 3 look like? Well, picture an iPad Mini 4 without the Apple branding, and you’re pretty much there. The two are shockingly similar. The 6.9mm thick aluminum body has a flat back with a camera lens in the top right, the corners are smooth and rounded, and the overall dimensions are almost identical. The screen is the same size at 7.9-inches, as is the 2048 x 1536 pixel resolution. Andy Boxall Andy Boxall Andy Boxall Andy Boxall There are some differences. The dual speakers are mounted on the back of the tablet, facing away from you when looking at the screen, and the sleep/wake button is on the side of the body, not the top. It doesn’t have a fingerprint sensor, or any physical home button — instead the Mi Pad 3 uses capacitive navigational icons below the screen. We miss the tactility of a physical home button, largely because  the Android keys aren’t especially responsive, and do require very precise taps to operate. It’s a comfortable device to hold, and those with average or larger hands will have no problem holding it in one hand, thanks to its low weight. The texture on the back is pleasant to touch, but although the Mi Pad 3 is beautifully made, there is a slight flex in the center of the aluminium back panel. It’s not enough to cause concern, but enough to notice when it’s pressed. There’s little to fault the way the Mi Pad 3 looks, mainly because it’s very close to the established and attractive style of the iPad Mini. It’s not something that overly concerns us — styling it after something hideous would do that — and we find the smaller 7.9-inch tablet size to be convenient, while still being suitably larger than our phone to make using it worthwhile. Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Compared To Apple iPad 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Chuwi Hi12 Windows 10 2-in-1 Dell Venue 8 7000 Nvidia Shield Tablet Apple iPad Air 2 LG G Pad 7.0 Dell Venue 8 Pro Apple iPad Mini 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 (8-inch) Smart Devices SmartQ U7 Barnes & Noble Nook HD+ Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus Amazon Kindle Fire Acer Iconia Tab A100 Crisp screen that needs better color calibration Xiaomi’s Mi Pad 3 has a 7.9-inch, 2048 x 1536 pixel, IPS LCD screen on the front, which is good enough for a 326 pixel-per-inch density, and a wide 178-degree viewing angle. It’s very bright, and we rarely needed to increase the brightness over 50 percent, which is good for battery life. There’s a reading mode for nighttime use, which lowers the amount of sleep-damaging blue light emitted by the screen. It’s easily activated from the Android notification shade, and adds a yellowish look to the display, but there’s a slider to adjust the degree of intrusion. Dig through the menu and you’ll find an unusual black and white mode, which not only extends the battery life, but does a decent job of reducing eye strain when reading. The Mi Pad 3’s size really does make it a great video-consuming machine. The screen’s color and contrast can be tweaked under a separate menu, and we found it was worth taking the time to calibrate. Out of the box, in standard configuration, the whites didn’t appear crisp enough; but things improved when the display was switched to “cool.” Everyone will see it differently, which is why we welcome the chance to tailor the display’s look to our own taste. Playing HD video from Netflix and Crunchyroll produced great images filled with color, and while we enjoyed the viewing experience, the 4:3 aspect ratio adds black bars to the top and bottom of most videos.  Still, the Mi Pad 3’s size really does make it a great video-consuming machine. It’s not too big that it’s annoying to hold, but is still much more watchable than a 5.5-inch screen on a phone. Text looks excellent — crisp and well-defined — especially when browsing the web and reading ebooks. The screen looks great, but we have one annoyance. The tablet doesn’t compensate for your palm resting on one side while scrolling with another finger. At first, it’s like the touchscreen isn’t working at all, then you realize it’s because the hand you’re holding the tablet with is also touching the edge of the screen. Remove it, and everything’s fine. Other times, it can activate certain features. It depends on how you’re holding the Mi Pad 3 — so doesn’t happen all the time — but when it does it’s highly irritating. Fluid software, few tablet-friendly apps Our Mi Pad 3 came with Android 7.0 Nougat installed, complete with an Android security patch from February, and Xiaomi’s global MIUI version 8.2, so everything is in English. Google Play and associated apps came pre-installed on our imported Mi Pad 3, along with a variety of standard apps including a calendar, a weather app, a calculator, an FM radio, and a browser. Surprisingly, the tablet offers a slightly different user experience to a Xiaomi phone. Because it’s very smooth, and MIUI is supremely uncluttered, the tablet has a very Apple-like feel to it. The menus aren’t messy and it’s not filled with superfluous apps, making fast, daily use a pleasure. The most obvious additional feature Xiaomi has added is a widget page, viewable by swiping right on the main home screen. The widgets can be altered to your preference, making it a handy and attractively presented shortcut page. Using Netflix, YouTube, popular games, Google apps, and several big-name social network apps downloaded from the Google Play store provide a tablet-friendly experience, but stray too far from the best known apps, and things aren’t so good. You don’t even have to look that hard either, the Instagram app doesn’t feel like it has been adapted for use on a tablet very well, for example. The more obscure, or dated, your favourite app is, the less likely it’ll look that fantastic on the Mi Pad 3. This isn’t a problem with the device, but a problem with Android on tablets as a whole. There are other quirks unique to the Mi Pad 3. Even though it runs Android 7.0 Nougat, there’s no split window multi-tasking available with MIUI 8. Adequate performance Xiaomi previously used an Intel processor for its Mi Pad tablet, but this time it has chosen a MediaTek chip — the MT8176 — to power its slate, along with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage space. It’s not a common processor, having been used in few mainstream tablets sold in the U.S. and Europe. Put through some benchmarking workouts, the scores are uninspiring. In our general use, the MediaTek chip performed adequately, happily powering games such as Danmaku Unlimited in HD mode, and casual titles like Crossy Road. Graphically-intensive and faster-paced games like Reckless Racing put some strain on the tablet, and slow downs did occur. Put it through some benchmarking workouts, and the scores are uninspiring. AnTuTu returned a score of 74,646, and 3DMark’s Sling Shot Extreme gave it just 749. The Intel Atom-powered Lenovo Yoga Book managed 1,192, for comparison. Unfortunately, there’s no MicroSD memory expansion, and 32GB of internal memory isn’t very much. Be prepared to slim down movie and music collections stored on the device itself, or stick with streaming services. There is a 3.5mm headphone socket though, and the 6,600mAh battery is charged through a USB Type-C port. We’ve been using the Mi Pad 3 for almost two weeks, and it has needed charging twice, not including the initial charge. Leaving it on standby overnight saw around 7 or 8-percent of the battery disappear. Mediocre camera The rear camera on the Mi Pad 3 is packed with 13 megapixels, autofocus, and an f/2.2 aperture. It’s highly unlikely the Mi Pad 3 will ever be someone’s primary camera, and it’s probably a good thing. The pictures it takes are only acceptable, and nothing more. Colors do pop, and plenty of detail is revealed zooming in on close-up images; but it doesn’t have an HDR mode, and overcast skies were washed out. Around the front, there’s a 5-megapixel camera with the same aperture, and it’s good for video calls and selfies. Warranty, availability, and price The Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 isn’t sold in the U.S. or Europe, and must be imported through a specialist. Our review Mi Pad 3 was supplied by Geekbuying, a well-known importer of Chinese electronics. At the time of writing it costs $270 with free shipping. The tablet was sent to us with a courier, did attract a small customs charge in the U.K., and arrived securely packaged. Geekbuying offers a one-year warranty on the products it sells, including tablets, but doesn’t cover them if there has been water damage, mistreatment, or abuse. It’ll repair returned hardware for free within the warranty period, and has a warehouse in California that can be used instead of sending the device back to China. To take advantage of this, a $3 charge has to be paid at checkout during the original purchase. There’s also an English-speaking customer service helpline available. Our Take Unlike the company’s smartphones and their lack of wide U.S. network support, the Mi Pad 3 is a premium Xiaomi product everyone can enjoy, and its screen is great for video and reading. Is there a better alternative? The Mi Pad 3’s natural competitor is the Apple iPad Mini 4, which is at least $130 more; however, potential tablet buyers should really be looking at the new 2017 9.7-inch iPad, which starts at $330. That’s close enough to the Mi Pad 3’s price to make it attainable, and the iPad has a far more varied catalog of fully tablet-compatible apps that makes it a wiser choice if you’re planning to use the device a lot. We’d strongly recommend the iPad. If you’d prefer not to buy an Apple product, our favourite Android tablet at the moment is the Galaxy Tab S3, but this is more than twice the price of the Mi Pad 3. Outside of this, the world’s awash with mediocre to average Android tablets, including the $300 Samsung Galaxy Tab A and the Asus ZenPad Z10, or even the $135 Amazon Fire 8. We wouldn’t recommend any of them in particular, and feel the Mi Pad 3 is a more premium device that’s at least on a par with the Galaxy Tab A, provided you’re happy to import one. How long will it last? The Mi Pad 3 isn’t water resistant, but the body is well-built and the metal back won’t shatter if it gets accidentally knocked. That said, if you’re planning on handing the Mi pad 3 over to your kids, you may want to find a sturdy child-proof case. Xiaomi isn’t the fastest with supplying Android version updates, as they usually require its UI to be reworked first, which takes time. This does change if you’re happy to use Xiaomi beta releases though, but we doubt everyone will be happy to do so. Tablets aren’t the same as phones, and rarely need replacing. A three-year old tablet is far more capable than a three-year old smartphone. Many tablet owners just want to play video, browse the web, and check social media accounts. For this, the Mi Pad 3 will last for some time. Should you buy it? No. There’s nothing horribly wrong with the pretty, fast, and capable Mi Pad 3, but with Apple offering the new iPad for only $330, there’s not much of a reason to go for the Mi Pad 3. If Apple is a dirty word in your household, then it’s a different story, and the Mi Pad 3 stacks up nicely against the many similar options out there.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wall Street week ahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Wall Street week ahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? By Rodrigo Campos Published June 02, 2017 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Print Traders Gregory Rowe, left, and William Lawrence work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, May 23, 2017. Stocks are opening slightly higher on Wall Street as technology companies post more gains. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) (AP) Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. Continue Reading Below The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare , the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More Headlines Islamic State group claims responsibility for London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles More Headlines Bridgeway, Winthrop emerge to take high seeds as baseball playoffs near Even at 87, John Neff is one of the Maine Appalachian Trail Club’s most dedicated volunteers More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Fully funding education is basis of state budget deal More Headlines Jim Fossel: Trump’s pretty good trip abroad Alan Caron: Now more than ever, Democrats should rally behind Angus King More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Lakewood Continuing Care welcomes certified nurses’ aide graduates More Headlines Central Maine business briefs Windsor student recognized as Promising Young Writer More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Add flower power to your plate with hostas TRAVELIN’ MAINE(RS): Ogunquit More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate 6 Kennison St., Manchester More Headlines ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers Make your back yard an oasis this summer More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   Business Posted June 2 Updated June 3 increase font size Exiting Paris climate accord could cost more jobs than it saves According to the U.S. Energy Department, renewable energy companies had been booming, with solar companies employing twice as many workers as the declining coal industry. By Michelle JamriskoBloomberg Share Comment Read Article President Trump argued that leaving the Paris climate accord would save jobs at home, yet possible trade wars sparked by his decision could nullify any additional benefit to American workers. Complying with the deal “could cost America as much as 2.7 million lost jobs by 2025,” he said Thursday at the White House, citing a litany of other dire economic forecasts aimed at supporting his decision. “Believe me, this is not what we need – including automobile jobs and the further decimation of vital American industries on which countless communities rely.” But job and growth estimates at the heart of the climate debate have varied so widely, some analysts viewed them as unreliable. Supporting the pro-pullout side was one estimate saying $3 trillion in gross domestic product and 6.5 million in jobs will be lost over the next quarter century – numbers Trump also mentioned in the Rose Garden ceremony without noting the extended timeline. Another tally puts the GDP hit at more than $8 trillion through 2100 – but that’s the damage estimated if the U.S. exits the deal. “Those numbers are exercises in imagination,” Kevin Book, managing director of Washington-based research firm ClearView Energy Partners, said of the jobs estimates. “If the United States pulls out of Paris, it sets in motion potentially an acceleration of the original Paris prognosis we had, which is that this probably ends with trade-based measures,” particularly because the agreement didn’t include enforcement provisions, Book said before the president’s announcement. More worrisome than the long-term guesses could be the expected tariffs on U.S. carbon emitters slapped on by other countries. Twenty-five companies, including Intel, Microsoft and PG&E, have signed on to a letter running as a full-page advertisement in The New York Times and Wall Street Journal on Thursday arguing in favor of the climate pact, and warning of potential “retaliatory measures” by other nations. “By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth,” the letter says. “U.S. companies are well positioned to lead in these markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures.” The move leaves the U.S. as the third country, with Syria and Nicaragua, outside the massive international pact. While some see the fear of retaliation as a stronger, if less quantifiable, economic case around the Paris agreement than hard estimates, numbers on GDP and jobs have gotten much of the attention. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce points to a study by NERA Economic Consulting, which cites a $3 trillion hit to America’s GDP and the loss of 6.5 million industrial jobs by 2040 if the U.S. were to make good on its promises under the Paris accord. The World Resources Institute contends that those figures are misleading because the group based projections on an unnecessarily expensive route to achieving the 2025 targets agreed to under the Paris deal. While the industry is split on their stance toward the Paris agreement, some coal executives like Bob Murray, chief executive officer of Murray Energy, have supported Trump’s talking points on the U.S. economic implications of the Paris agreement. U.S. growth would take a $2.5 trillion hit over 10 years with “factories and plants closing all over our country,” Trump said at an April rally in Pennsylvania. The reality, however, is that the boom in energy jobs has come in gas, wind and solar industries. The electric power industry’s transition away from coal has created hundreds of thousands of jobs in renewables, making solar companies the largest employer, with twice as many workers as coal, according to the U.S. Energy Department. Those urging the Trump administration to keep the U.S. promise on the Paris agreement have made opposite charges around the potential jobs impact. Environmental Entrepreneurs, an environmental advocacy group, said the withdrawal would put 3 million clean-energy jobs at risk. American Bridge 21st Century, a progressive political action committee, called the potential withdrawal “catastrophic” in a statement earlier this week, saying it threatens 11 million jobs being supported by made-in-America exports. Marshall Burke, a resource economist at Stanford University who’s been modeling the effects of climate change on world and national GDPs over the course of the century, is taking an even longer view. His estimate is that pulling out of the Paris agreement would cost the U.S. economy $8.2 trillion through 2100. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings Islamic State group claims responsibility for London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles Pending budget, Maine attorneys are defending the poor for free Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs One person dies after Kennedy Memorial Drive crash that sent three to hospital Skowhegan police investigating discovery of body in woods Woman killed, 2 others severely injured in crash on Route 27 in Dresden Police identify man who died in Oakland crash Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Smart Home & Gadgets Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With The Cardboard Holokit The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, And More Wonderful Toys Of The Week Mobile Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra: Australian Price And Availability Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing How To Turn Your Old Android Into A Google Pixel Clone Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Theresa May Calls For International Regulation Of Cyberspace In Wake Of Attacks Amazon Now Has Every Issue Of Omni, The Sci-Fi 'Magazine Of The Future' Everest Now Has Wi-Fi, So You Can Truly Netflix And Chill Science & Health NASA's Plan To Fill The Sky With Red And Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Al Gore's Sequel To An Inconvenient Truth Gets Recut For One Very Obvious Reason Construction Begins On ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, Will Not Have Death Lasers Despite Appearances Scientists Reignite 30-Year-Old Debate About Glass With New Calculation Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games 20 T-Rexes Fighting 10,000 Chickens Is All I Ever Wanted In A Jurassic Park Sequel Entertainment The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Uh, 'Sharknado 5: Global Swarming' Sounds Bonkers How 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Proved Marvel Could Do Anything Reach Out To The Truth In The Spoiler-Packed Doctor Who Discussion Thread Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel Dozens Of Cities And States Are Initiating Rogue One, Planning To Independently Rejoin The Paris Agreement  Sidney Fussell Jun 3, 2017, 11:00am ⋅ Filed to:  climate change paris agreement political climate change video feature Share Former New York City major, Michael Bloomberg, is coordinating an effort among 30 mayors, three governors, 80 university presidents and over 100 businesses to independently align with the Paris Agreement's goal of curbing US carbon emissions, the New York Times reported Friday. Additionally, 83 mayors have signed the Climate Mayors Agreement, similarly with the goal of independently reducing carbon emissions. AP Yesterday, President Trump announced the US is joining Syria and Nicaragua in abdicating from the landmark agreement, ratified by former President Obama in 2016 and signed by 195 nations. Trump peddled dozens of wildly disproved falsehoods in justifying exiting the agreement, which prompted swift backlash from the international community; diplomats; Trump's own Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson; and major US companies such as Apple, Microsoft and Intel. US state and local leaders have also made it clear they're fighting the decision and will continue to fight climate change, with or without federal support. The Climate Mayors Agreement is a commitment between now 80+ cities including Austin, Palo Alto and San Francisco to ignore Trump's March executive order that weakened the Clean Power Plan, which would have compelled states to set power plant emissions reductions goals. They want to keep those goals intact. Several of these same cities have jointly signed onto former Mayor Bloomberg's new plan, which is a coalition of cities, states and companies who plan on coordinating with the UN directly to come up with carbon emissions targets. For now, it's unclear how that coordination will actually work. The Paris Agreement was designed to accommodate entire nations, not individual cities. The point was for countries to have individual targets, then draw up their own policy measures in order to meet them. This new effort would seemingly involve a wide range of localities within a country all coordinating with an international body, which is brand new diplomatic territory. To remain aligned with the Paris Agreement, cities will be focusing on expanding renewable energy sources for utilities, launching infrastructure projects that are more energy efficient, and offering subsidies for customers buying electric cars and solar panels. The US is roughly halfway to its initial Paris Agreement goal of reducing carbon emissions by about 25 per cent by 2025, and was set to meet its goal before Trump's rapid-fire deregulations. While researchers projected the US will fail its climate goal, former Mayor Bloomberg said in a letter to the UN that he believes his coalition will help the US achieve its reduction target. Moreover, the new coalition signifies that while America's leadership may have abdicated its responsibility to fight climate change, its people are not. [New York Times and Curbed] Comments wolvarie @wolvarie Jun 3, 2017, 8:03pm Good to see some Americans can think about more than themselves. Reply -1 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 04 Jun 2017 6:30 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' Sidney Fussell 03 Jun 2017 1:00 PM On Wednesday, a US federal judge ruled that the sound emitted from the NYPD's Long Range Acoustic Devices -- portable sound cannons that blast noise -- could be considered a use of force, contrary to the police department's claims. The LRAD can blast sound as loudly as 136 decibels. That's louder than a jackhammer or a jet engine and above the 120 db threshold for immediate human hearing loss. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' 3 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn ScribbleTaku Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia 5 Useful Things To Do With Your Microwave Biotech Prima Biomed shares are going nuts 27 stunning images that were taken by Google Street View Australia's jobs market is strengthening but it's what happens next that matters most One of the Islamic extremists involved in London's terror attack reportedly tried to radicalise children © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Business Business Home Business Breakfast People on the Move Lifestyle Lifestyle home Arts & Entertainment Food Sustainable Living Things to do in Maine Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate Auto Jobs Public Notices Puzzles Crossword Sudoku Podcasts Events CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com e-Edition Newsletters and Alerts Support Reader Services Home Delivery Help FAQs Contact Subscribe Contact Advertising Open Pressherald Home Menu News News Trump denounces ‘a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life … too long’ More Headlines Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings MCI grads ‘honored to have gone to this school’ More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Community News Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Business Business World Bank predicts 2.7% global growth in 2017 More Headlines Map: See where Maine’s electric cars plug in Week in review: Tourism buoyed by cruise ships, hampered by worker shortage More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job People on the Move Opinion Opinion Maine Voices: Protecting the vulnerable remains a priority More Headlines Another View: Columnist Dill ignores dangers of consuming processed foods Our View: House Republicans snared in trap of their own making More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Sports Sports Pujols joins 600-HR club More Headlines Former Red Sox outfielder Piersall dies at 87 Golf roundup: Dufner bounces back to win Memorial More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Lifestyle Lifestyle Maine woman’s reach for relief from ‘crazy life’ unites others on journey to better health More Headlines ‘Wonder Woman’ powers its way to $100 million debut Suggestions on what to eat to curb morning sickness More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Restaurant reviews Arts & Entertainment Books Things to do in Maine Religion and Values Sudoku Crossword Obituaries Real Estate Real Estate 28 Brookside Drive, Falmouth More Headlines 12 Foxtail Drive, York ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More in Real Estate Home of the Week Featured Home Public Notices Jobs Auto Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe>   Business Posted June 2 Updated June 3 increase font size Exiting Paris climate accord could cost more jobs than it saves According to the U.S. Energy Department, renewable energy companies had been booming, with solar companies employing twice as many workers as the declining coal industry. By Michelle JamriskoBloomberg Share Comment Read Article President Trump argued that leaving the Paris climate accord would save jobs at home, yet possible trade wars sparked by his decision could nullify any additional benefit to American workers. Complying with the deal “could cost America as much as 2.7 million lost jobs by 2025,” he said Thursday at the White House, citing a litany of other dire economic forecasts aimed at supporting his decision. “Believe me, this is not what we need – including automobile jobs and the further decimation of vital American industries on which countless communities rely.” Related Headlines Europe may look to China as U.S. exits climate pact Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → But job and growth estimates at the heart of the climate debate have varied so widely, some analysts viewed them as unreliable. Supporting the pro-pullout side was one estimate saying $3 trillion in gross domestic product and 6.5 million in jobs will be lost over the next quarter century – numbers Trump also mentioned in the Rose Garden ceremony without noting the extended timeline. Another tally puts the GDP hit at more than $8 trillion through 2100 – but that’s the damage estimated if the U.S. exits the deal. “Those numbers are exercises in imagination,” Kevin Book, managing director of Washington-based research firm ClearView Energy Partners, said of the jobs estimates. “If the United States pulls out of Paris, it sets in motion potentially an acceleration of the original Paris prognosis we had, which is that this probably ends with trade-based measures,” particularly because the agreement didn’t include enforcement provisions, Book said before the president’s announcement. More worrisome than the long-term guesses could be the expected tariffs on U.S. carbon emitters slapped on by other countries. Twenty-five companies, including Intel, Microsoft and PG&E, have signed on to a letter running as a full-page advertisement in The New York Times and Wall Street Journal on Thursday arguing in favor of the climate pact, and warning of potential “retaliatory measures” by other nations. “By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth,” the letter says. “U.S. companies are well positioned to lead in these markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures.” The move leaves the U.S. as the third country, with Syria and Nicaragua, outside the massive international pact. While some see the fear of retaliation as a stronger, if less quantifiable, economic case around the Paris agreement than hard estimates, numbers on GDP and jobs have gotten much of the attention. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce points to a study by NERA Economic Consulting, which cites a $3 trillion hit to America’s GDP and the loss of 6.5 million industrial jobs by 2040 if the U.S. were to make good on its promises under the Paris accord. The World Resources Institute contends that those figures are misleading because the group based projections on an unnecessarily expensive route to achieving the 2025 targets agreed to under the Paris deal. While the industry is split on their stance toward the Paris agreement, some coal executives like Bob Murray, chief executive officer of Murray Energy, have supported Trump’s talking points on the U.S. economic implications of the Paris agreement. U.S. growth would take a $2.5 trillion hit over 10 years with “factories and plants closing all over our country,” Trump said at an April rally in Pennsylvania. The reality, however, is that the boom in energy jobs has come in gas, wind and solar industries. The electric power industry’s transition away from coal has created hundreds of thousands of jobs in renewables, making solar companies the largest employer, with twice as many workers as coal, according to the U.S. Energy Department. Those urging the Trump administration to keep the U.S. promise on the Paris agreement have made opposite charges around the potential jobs impact. Environmental Entrepreneurs, an environmental advocacy group, said the withdrawal would put 3 million clean-energy jobs at risk. American Bridge 21st Century, a progressive political action committee, called the potential withdrawal “catastrophic” in a statement earlier this week, saying it threatens 11 million jobs being supported by made-in-America exports. Marshall Burke, a resource economist at Stanford University who’s been modeling the effects of climate change on world and national GDPs over the course of the century, is taking an even longer view. His estimate is that pulling out of the Paris agreement would cost the U.S. economy $8.2 trillion through 2100. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered each morning. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News Business Headlines High School Sports Real Estate * I understand the Terms of Service. Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri Jun 2, 2017 | 11:00pm EDT As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., June 2, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By Rodrigo Campos | NEW YORK NEW YORK Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 .SPLRCT has risen roughly 20 percent so far in 2017, led by Apple (AAPL.O), Alphabet (GOOGL.O), Facebook (FB.O) and Microsoft (MSFT.O). The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon (AMZN.O), a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. "These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. "You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas," he said. (To view a graphic on 'The Five Horsemen: growing influence of largest technology companies' click reut.rs/2sntpYb) Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. "Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein in New York. Echoing Dell[DI.UL], Cisco (CSCO.O), Intel (INTC.O) and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new "five horsemen" have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. NOT THAT EXPENSIVE, BUT... This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Tech sector earnings are expected to grow 11 percent in the second quarter after rising near 21 percent in the first, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. However, with gains of more than 33 percent for Apple, Facebook and Amazon, near 25 percent for Alphabet and 15 percent in Microsoft, compared to a gain of 8.5 percent for the S&P 500, the room for more upside is declining. Despite expecting gains upward of 20 percent for the rest of the year on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet - and their ilk, analysts at Fundstrat recommended in a Friday note balancing portfolios by scooping up the year's underperformers: banks, energy and telecoms. They are not alone in searching for exposure outside technology. "We're most overweight in technology but I don't want to stay too long at the party," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "What I'm watching for is an opportunity to lighten up on tech exposure and put it into some of the more cyclical areas," he said. "Financials are going to be catching a tailwind." AllianceBernstein's Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare .SPXHC, the second-largest sector weight on the S&P 500. "Healthcare has really lagged the last 18 months or so. They could certainly pick up the mantle." (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News IMF warns U.S. fiscal uncertainty, China's credit growth pose risk to Asia TOKYO A lack of clarity about the size of an expected U.S. fiscal stimulus and China's rapid domestic credit growth are among risks that cloud Asia's economic outlook, a senior International Monetary Fund official said on Monday. South Korea launches $10 billion fiscal package to boost jobs, welfare SEJONG South Korea's new government announced a 11.2 trillion won ($10 billion) fiscal stimulus package on Monday, increasing social welfare subsidies and taking steps to deliver on President Moon Jae-in's election promise to create 810,000 public sector jobs. China services sector expands at fastest pace in four months in May: Caixin PMI BEIJING Activity in China's services sector expanded at the fastest pace in fourth months in May thanks to a surge in new orders, a private business survey showed, helping to offset worries about unexpected weakness in manufacturing. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations NEW WORLD DISORDER Why did some U.S. firms support Paris agreement? Exclusive: E. Calvin Beisner, Ph.D., explains 'crony corporatism' on display Published: 2 days ago E. Calvin Beisner About | Email | Archive E. Calvin Beisner, Ph.D., is founder and national spokesman of The Cornwall Alliance for the Stewardship of Creation, a network of Christian scholars educating to promote biblical earth stewardship, economic development for the poor, and the proclamation and defense of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Since well before former President Barack Obama signed onto it as an executive agreement (because he knew the Senate wouldn’t ratify it), a number of large American corporations have supported the Paris climate accord. As the time neared when President Donald Trump would announce whether he would keep his campaign promise to withdraw from it, some signed an open letter advising him not to. Many corporations are household names – Adobe, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Facebook, Gap, Google, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Intel, Johnson Controls, Levi Strauss, Microsoft, PG&E (Pacific Gas & Electric) and Unilever among them. Why would they do that? Let’s take their stated reasons one by one. First, “Strengthening Competitiveness: By requiring action by developed and developing countries alike, the agreement ensures a more balanced global effort, reducing the risk of competitive imbalances for U.S. companies.” The trouble is, Paris, with no enforcement mechanism, doesn’t “require” action by any countries, and the “Intended Nationally Determined Contributions” (INDC) by most developing countries committed themselves to no, or next to no, emission reductions. In contrast, the Obama-submitted U.S. INDC committed the U.S. to major reductions by 2025 – long before giant emitters like China and India would even begin any change in their projected emissions growth. (And India demanded over $2 trillion in subsidies or it would do nothing.) Second, “Creating Jobs, Markets and Growth: By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth. U.S. companies are well positioned to lead in these markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures.” But if the “innovative clean technologies” were economically competitive, they wouldn’t need the Paris agreement. This is nothing but crony corporatism. Of course anyone can “generate jobs” if governments subsidize them, mandate their products and protect them from competition. But that practice fails the economic test of “That Which is Seen, and That Which is Not Seen.” The money to create those jobs is no longer available to create jobs in other industries. That recipients need government to invest in them indicates that investors risking their own money don’t consider them a good risk. The result? Misallocated resources and less economic growth than without the program. Third, “Reducing Business Risks: By strengthening global action over time, the agreement will reduce future climate impacts, including damage to business facilities and operations, declining agricultural productivity and water supplies, and disruption of global supply chains.” Yet full compliance with Paris would reduce global temperature at the end of the century by at most 0.17 degree C, far too little to reduce any of the harms mentioned. Meanwhile, the loss of $70 to $140 trillion – the cost of implementation – to the global economy over the period would certainly harm businesses and consumers and reduce the economic growth claimed in their second excuse. So if none of the state reasons explains why these and many other businesses opposed withdrawing from Paris, what does? A variety of reasons, varying from business to business. Corporations that stand to benefit from mandates and subsidies to renewable energy – wind, solar, geothermal, and biofuels (and best of all, hydro, but greens oppose new dams) – would naturally object. Exiting Paris puts those mandates and subsidies at risk. For example, Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, resigned from the president’s council of business advisers after Trump’s announcement. Duh. He stands to lose big. Large corporations that see Paris as protection against smaller competition that can’t afford the technologies needed to reduce CO2 emissions (e.g., ExxonMobil and Conoco Phillips) would object. It’s standard practice for big firms that can stand the cost of regulations to champion regulations that will strangle small competitors. As Robert Kuykendall of 2ndvote.com points out, some companies see nothing to lose by siding with the environmental left on the issue. It costs them nothing to sign a letter supporting the agreement, and no matter how meaningless the gesture, it signals solidarity with the left and wins a few points. Pure PR, this is called “Greenwashing.” Executives of many of the country’s largest corporations identify more now with the “global elite” – the Davos crowd – than with their own stockholders, employees and customers. They see exiting Paris as jeopardizing their cache in those crowds. Other corporate executives, especially among major international banks and investment firms, are more dedicated to governmental globalism than to American sovereignty. That, as former ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton said on Fox Business News the day Trump announced the withdrawal, is Paris’s greatest danger. “Because of the failure of the predecessor agreements, Kyoto and Copenhagen,” Bolton said, “What [organizers] wanted was an agreement on anything, to create the foundation for what they’re really interested in, which is more international control over national decision making. This is really a global governance issue, which the Europeans just love, which Barack Obama just loved, which Donald Trump has now rejected. … To me the overarching, ultimately most important, more than constitutional question was, ‘Do we govern ourselves here, or are we going to cede governance authority to international organizations?'” Some business leaders also think – or at least say they think – that by exiting Paris America loses a place at the negotiating table, or loses its leadership in the world, or jeopardizes its mutual defense relationships, etc., all of which were touted as reasons not to reject the Kyoto Protocol but failed to materialize when we did. As Bolton put it, “We’ve heard these arguments before. In the Bush administration, my first job was to get us out of the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty. ‘Oh my God!’ the Europeans said. ‘Oh my God!’ Joe Biden, John Kerry, Barack Obama, Chris Dodd said, ‘It’s the end of international strategic stability.’ We got out. Nothing happened. We got out of the statute creating the International Criminal Court. Nothing happened. And nothing will happen here, either. …” Finally, of course, there are the sincere but uninformed who believe that CO2 emissions are driving catastrophically dangerous warming and that implementing Paris would significantly reduce that at a reasonable cost. They simply have no idea that the vaunted “97 percent scientific consensus” extends only to the agreement that the world has warmed since the Industrial Revolution (the end of the Little Ice Age) and that human activity has probably contributed “significantly” (which for scientists can mean as little as a few percent). It doesn’t extend to the notion that human activity is the majority cause, or that the warming is historically unprecedented or dangerous, or that it’s so dangerous as to warrant spending trillions trying to mitigate, money that could be spent instead on providing electricity, pure drinking water, infectious disease control, sewage sanitation, industrialization and lots of other things that lift people out of poverty, disease and premature death and enable them to adapt to any future climate – warmer or cooler. They don’t know that human contribution to global warming is actually real but tiny, (probably so small as to be undetectable). And they don’t know that full implementation of the Paris agreement would, by its own supporters’ estimates, reduce global temperature in 2100 by at most 0.17 degree C but would cost roughly $41.2 to $82.4 trillion per tenth of a degree of cooling. That makes it what the author of “The Art of the Deal” rightly recognized as “a bad deal” – not just for America, but for the world. Keep these things in mind when climate activists, including some big business leaders, come back demanding that the U.S. re-enter Paris or negotiate some other deal to fight global warming. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah The New Left is the Old Left STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon Clinton-Griffin 2020: Perfect ticket for the loony left RACE IN AMERICA Jesse Lee Peterson LeBron James needs 'a day without white people' THE BABE IN THE BUNKER Barbara Simpson Mayor to innocent civilians: Get used to horrific terror attacks CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris Key to making America great again and safe again More Commentary » Deal of the Day Hottest book of 2017, 'Stealth Invasion' – $4.95 today only! World War III has begun: 'Muslim Conquest Through Immigration and Resettlement Jihad' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By Kathryn Watson CBS News June 2, 2017, 7:39 PM House Intel chair Devin Nunes retains subpoena power in Russia inquiry House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., speaks to reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington, Fri., March 24, 2017.  AP Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Reporting by CBS News' Catherine Reynolds Even though House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes has stepped back from his committee's Russia investigation, he's still the one issuing the subpoenas, and that strikes House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi as wrong. "If he recused himself on subjects, Russia, then he shouldn't have access to documents relating to subject, Russia, and he shouldn't be issuing separate subpoenas attaching them to a bipartisan subpoenas that were issued this week," Pelosi said Friday. Play Video CBSN Trump faces controversy over Russia investigation and climate deal Former FBI Director James Comey will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee a week from today. Meanwhile, President Trump is set to ann... The House Intel Committee issued four subpoenas related to its Russia investigation this week, and three others to the FBI, CIA and NSA that were related to "unmasking," the exposure of Trump campaign officials mentioned in classified intelligence reports, based on intercepts of conversations.  Pelosi also told reporters, "[M]y dismay, my objection has been conveyed to the Speaker on more than one occasion."  A GOP staffer on the committee countered that the unmasking subpoenas aren't related to the Russia probe. Nunes recused himself when several groups filed complaints against him with the Office of Congressional Ethics and the House Ethics Committee launched an investigation, after Nunes reviewed controversial intelligence documents on White House grounds in March.  On Thursday, ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California, explained on MSNBC's "Andrea Mitchell Reports" that "the committee rules provide that the Chair has to sign the subpoenas unless that authority is delegated to someone else." Schiff feels that Rep. Mike Conaway, R-Texas, who is filling Nunes' role as head of the Russia investigation, is the person who should have that authority. "That hasn't happened yet," Schiff said, adding that he thinks it's a "violation of the recusal" by Nunes. Nunes tweeted about unmasking Thursday. Seeing a lot of fake news from media elites and others who have no interest in violations of Americans' civil liberties via unmaskings.— Devin Nunes (@DevinNunes) June 1, 2017 President Trump also tweeted about unmasking Thursday. The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 1, 2017 A senior committee aide told CBS News that the discussions over the timing and language of the bipartisan subpoenas in the Russia probe -- those involving former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Trump lawyer Michael Cohen -- were specifically discussed for several weeks. But Democrats were only informed about other subpoenas -- those related to unmasking -- at the last minute. "I only learned about this late the night before, and that's a problem," Schiff told Mitchell. "And these were sent out unilaterally by the chairman." Although Nunes has stepped away from the Russia investigation, he's still the chairman, Speaker Ryan's spokeswoman, Ashlee Strong, points out.   "While Mr. Conaway leads the Russia investigation, Mr. Nunes remains the Chairman of the Intel Committee and has the right and responsibility to conduct oversight of the intelligence community," she told CBS News in a statement, "especially as it relates to the potential misuse of intelligence agencies against Americans." Democrats on the committee largely oppose these subpoenas because they believe the intelligence agencies have been cooperative.  The congressional and FBI investigations into Russian election meddling appear to be ramping up, and getting more uncomfortable for the White House. Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, is under scrutiny in the FBI's investigation, fired FBI Director James Comey will testify before Congress next week about a conversation he had in which the president asked him to drop the FBI's investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Politics Deported man's wife and friends rethink voting for Trump Anderson Cooper reports on the effect Trump’s new immigration policy has had on a community in Indiana after a longtime resident is deported 25 things you still don't know about Barack Obama Just how many almonds does he really eat, anyway? Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Gorilla Doctors Poisoned Chief of Chobani Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Chobani's chief taster Play Video London attack timeline Play Video London victims Play Video Terror arrests Play Video Manchester tribute concert Play Video Trump reacts to London Play Video Breaking fast with tacos Previous Next 21 Photos London Bridge terror attack 24 Photos 75 years ago: The Battle of Midway 28 Photos The art of Kerry James Marshall 26 Photos Anti-Trump protesters "March for Truth" 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years Previous Next Most Discussed McCain weighs in on Kushner's reported request for Russia back channel Will U.S. exit from Paris agreement spur job growth? London Bridge terror attack -- live updates Trump pulls out of climate deal Ex-Trump adviser dodges questions on Russian meddling but maintains innocence New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Reports Record Full-Year 2016 Net Sales and Net Income – Orders for EUV Lithography Systems Show Strong Customer Commitment for Production Insertion Next PostNext Bloomberg faces an unexpected new threat to its dominance in data Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Reports Record Full-Year 2016 Net Sales and Net Income – Orders for EUV Lithography Systems Show Strong Customer Commitment for Production Insertion Next PostNext Bloomberg faces an unexpected new threat to its dominance in data Search Recent Posts Innovación en acción: Máximas tendencias tecnológicas exhibidas en el salón de exposiciones de CES Asia 2017 Riassunto: L’innovazione all’opera: le principali tendenze della tecnologia in mostra al CES Asia 2017 Inovação em ação: principais tendências de tecnologia em destaque no andar de exposição da CES Asia 2017 2017年亚洲电子消费展聚焦娱乐、内容和技术的相互融合 CES Asia 2017 Spotlights Intersection of Entertainment, Content and Tech Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) WWDC 2017: The Biggest Rumors About Apple’s Big Week David Z. Morris Fortune June 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple's annual World Wide Developers Conference, its largest and most closely watched annual event, begins Monday and runs through Friday in San Jose, Calif. continues to be one of the most secretive large companies on the planet. That success in turn has sprouted a cottage industry of leak-hunting and prognostication that naturally goes into overdrive before a big event like WWDC. Below is a roundup of key expectations, educated guesses, and speculative Hail Marys for this year’s conference. The biggest announcements will actually come in CEO Tim Cook's opening keynote, scheduled for 10 a.m. Pacific on Monday. Siri Upgrades Apple's pioneering voice assistant seems to be losing ground to Amazon's popular and ubiquitous Alexa, but Apple won't take such news lying down. It's now rumored that Siri may spread to iMessage and iCloud. The voice service could also see more third-party app integration--a key part of Alexa’s success--and improved predictive algorithms that could help it better compete with similar services from rivals like . Most dramatically, there has been sustained speculation that Apple's first completely new hardware product in years will be a Siri speaker not unlike Amazon's Alexa-enabled Echo. It remains unclear that such a product would be unveiled at WWDC, a software-centric event. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. iOS 11 In addition to Siri upgrades, rumors are swirling that the new version of Apple's mobile interface could include new video features in support of an increased push behind Apple Music, its Spotify-like streaming music service. FaceTime, Apple’s video chat service, may also see an upgrade to support up to five users per call. And there’s hope for a battery- and eye-saving "dark mode," for which users have been clamoring for years. MacOS and Apple TV Apple will have ample time to discuss changes large and small across its myriad platforms. Among a welter of rumors about its desktop and television platforms--macOS and Apple TV, respectively--are upgrades to file management and video support in macOS 10.13 and smart-home controls and better streaming channel integration in tvOS 11. MacBook and iPad Observers predict that Apple will announce new top-end MacBook Pro models that integrate Intel's newest Kaby Lake processors, which boast performance improvements of up to 20% over current-generation chips. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo also predicts the arrival of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Augmented Reality Glasses Take this rumor with an extra grain of salt. Someone claiming to be a Foxconn insider--that is, someone who works at the Taiwanese partner that assembles Apple products--took to Reddit yesterday to dish on topics including Apple connected eyewear supposedly dubbed “Project Mirrorshades.” Leaked documents have previously hinted at an augmented reality project at Apple. The sketchy Foxconn source said the project might never see the light of day, but one optimist spotted a possible “Easter egg” in the program for WWDC itself. “Sorry to be shady about this,” said the name of one session on Tuesday, June 6. The title also included emoji for sunglasses and the phrase “to be announced.” Did anybody else spot this?! #Apple #AR #SmartGlasses session during #WWDC #wwdc2017 #wwdc17 !!!! pic.twitter.com/LnCjvSgJYr — Kris Kolo VR AR (@kriskolodziej) June 3, 2017 All of that, of course, is just the tip of what will be a five-day iceberg for one of the largest technology companies in the world. Other significant announcements are likely to include a streamlining of iTunes and a new Apple Watch OS. If the rumor mill has you on the edge of your seat, you can tune in to Apple’s livestream of the conference in just a few hours. And don’t forget to return to fortune.com for coverage of the event. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com Bozoma Saint John Leaving Apple, Report Says This 82-Year-Old Woman Is WWDC's Oldest Attendee Apple May Unveil New Hardware at WWDC Which CEOs (Past and Present) Would You Most Want to Meet? Why Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Is the Original Geek Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Massive iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' 15 New Features Forbes Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Here's What Happened When Apple's Steve Jobs' Widow Met With Trump After the Immigration Ban The Street Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Apple will face 4 challenges this week that could fundamentally alter its future CNBC.com Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored What to Watch for at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Bloomberg In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider One of the most useful features of your iPhone is hidden to the left of the home screen CNBC.com What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Trump-Russia probe: 'There is no smoking gun yet, but lots of smoke' UseReasoning: "Trump-Russia probe: 'There is no smoking gun yet, but lots of smoke'." (Yahoo) Yep! And MOST of America is CHOKING on it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 98
Subscribe Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Modular Boson Kit Turns Kids Into Master Builders Forget Stimulants: Doppel Wearable Alters Your Mood With a Few Taps You Can’t Marry Your Laptop in Utah Google Hopes Wonder Woman Can Inspire More Female Coders More The Best Anime On Netflix Streaming The Best Horror Movies On Netflix Why Your Cinematic Universe Is Doomed To Fail Branagh's Mustache Stars in Murder on the Orient Express Trailer More Steven Universe: Save the Light Conjures Good Memories of Licensed Games Nintendo Reveals the Switch Online's Service Hori's Splatoon Headset is a Glimpse of How Cumbersome Voice Chat Will Be Overwatch Celebrates its One-Year Anniversary With New Moon Map More Captain Jack Returns in Ninth Doctor Comic Tale IRL Scientist on ‘Doctor Who’: ‘It’s So Easy to ... Ever Faithful to the Novels, Game of Thrones May Delay its Final Season ‘Doctor Who’ Underrated Villain of the Week: Racnoss More Buy This Comic! Wonder Woman Annual #1 Titan Comics Promises ‘Epic’ Four-Doctor Crossover Event Buy This Comic! Venom #150 Victor LaValle’s Destroyer is a Fresh Take on a Horror Classic More Wreak Some Havoc With These Harley Quinn Gift Guide Internet Gutter: Tumblr Shoplifting Feds Charge Tijuana Biker Gang with Hacking, Stealing Jeeps How Diabetes Is Transforming People Into Real-Life Cyborgs More Tech Modular Boson Kit Turns Kids Into Master Builders By Stephanie Mlot 06.04.2017 :: 2:00PM EDT via DFRobot Stay on target BIKI Robot Fish Paddles Past Crowdfunding Goal AI-Powered Laser Pointer Lets Pets Play While You’re Away Children’s toys have come a long way—from the Frisbee to the Kano, Easy Bake Oven to Dash and Dot. The latest plaything, available now to pre-order on Kickstarter, is designed to inspire a new generation of inventors. From Shanghai-based DFRobot, the Boson Kit is a coding-free set of module electronic building blocks, billed as an “ideal” STEM classroom learning tool. Compatible with magnets, screws, Velcro, and even LEGO bricks, the intelligent Boson boasts more than 50 modules with varying functions, including gesture recognition and face detection. “The Boson Kit breaks down complicated circuits into simple, functional modules that are easy to understand,” according to the crowdfunding campaign. Blocks are color-coded for ease of use (via DFRobot) The color-coded pieces are expected to ship to early-bird backers this fall. As of press time, the project has collected nearly $40,000—more than its $37,145 goal. Different kits are aimed at different ages: For the littlest learners age six and up, try the $39 starter kit; slightly more advanced students age eight and older can use the $99 science kit or $129 inventor kit. Each comes with ten blocks for at least eight experiments. DFRobots also sells the coding kit with Intel Curie—suitable for kids ten years and over—with machine learning and pattern matching capabilities. The most ambitious parents can pick up an all-in-one bundle, featuring 59 blocks from the inventor, science, and coding kits. The package deal also comes in a set of 20 for schools. via DFRobot “Build a multicolor lamp, a burglar alarm, an IoT project, a smart robot. The only limit is your imagination,” the Kickstarter page said. The upgradeable Boson Kit, compatible with Arduino and BBC micro:bit, allows users to hone their programming skills via Scratch, Blockly, Python, and JavaScript. “As STEM courses become part of the core curriculum in schools around the world, robots and robotics will begin to serve as the central force of STEM education,” DFRobot CEO Ricky Ye told Forbes. “The impact of robotics is unavoidable, which makes STEM skills both essential and synonymous with the future of work.” Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Boson Kit building blocks Crowdfund DFRobot kickstarter modular STEM Speak Your Mind More in Tech 06.04.2017 :: 10:19AM EDT :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Forget Stimulants: Doppel Wearable Alters Your Mood With a Few Taps Tech 06.03.2017 :: 3:00PM EDT :: Stephanie Mlot Tech You Can’t Marry Your Laptop in Utah Tech 06.03.2017 :: 9:00AM EDT :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Google Hopes Wonder Woman Can Inspire More Female Coders Tech 06.02.2017 :: 5:15PM EDT :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Swiss Plant Sucks CO2 Out out of Air to Repackage, Sell Tech 06.02.2017 :: 12:00PM EDT :: Lee Mathews Tech Mad Scientists Turned a Dragonfly Into a Cyborg Drone Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. MovieBob Reviews: WONDER WOMAN (2017) Movies 06.04.2017 :: 4:00PM EDT Wreak Some Havoc With These Harley Quinn Gift Guide Culture 06.04.2017 :: 12:00PM EDT The Best Anime On Netflix Streaming Movies 06.04.2017 :: 10:19AM EDT Forget Stimulants: Doppel Wearable Alters Your Mood With a Few Taps Tech More © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise Accessibility Statement We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WWD SEE YOU THERE Expect new Apple hardware at its WWDC developer conference Written by Mike Murphy 8 hours ago What's next? (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Mike Murphy 8 hours ago This year will mark the 10th anniversary of the release of the iPhone, which helped cement Apple’s position as one of the most profitable and successful technology companies of all time. In recent years, some have criticized the company, which routinely generates between $40 billion and $80 billion in revenue each quarter, of not being able to break out beyond the iPhone. Newer products, including the Apple Watch, have not yet seen the explosive sales that the iPhone has. But many expect 2017 to be a bumper year for new Apple products to cap off its successful decade. This week, from June 5-8, Apple will be hosting its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California. It’s a yearly convocation for engineers and others who develop Apple products to hear about the company’s latest software updates. In the past, the company has also used the event to unveil new hardware—in 2010, then-CEO Steve Jobs announced the iPhone 4; in 2013, Apple showed off new computers, laptops, and routers; and the scuttlebutt has it that this year’s conference will unveil a slew of new products. The company has already refreshed its Mac Pro desktop and its diminutive iPhone SE, released a new 9.7-inch iPad this year, and likely has much more in the pipeline, even after WWDC. Analysts have referred to Apple’s product rollout plans this year as a “supercycle,” with a completely redesigned iPhone, and potentially even entirely new product lines being announced later in the year. (That being said, leaks supposedly from workers in Apple’s Chinese factories suggest that many of the company’s more ambitious projects may have been pushed back to next year or later.) I’ll be in attendance for CEO Tim Cook’s keynote address on Monday, June 5, at 10am US Pacific Time, liveblogging the event, and tweeting from @mcwm. Here’s a quick rundown of what might be discussed during his speech: A Siri speaker It’s long been reported that Apple is working on a Siri-powered competitor to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. The device, which is expected to be able to control internet-connected devices, play music, and answer basic questions, may well be unveiled at Apple’s developer conference, Bloomberg reported last week. As Bloomberg points out, Apple’s services (sales of music, apps, and other digital offerings) make up the company’s second-largest business segment. Releasing a device that’s focused on piping in music and other Apple subscription services into customers’ living rooms and kitchens could help Apple realize Tim Cook’s aspiration to have its services business be as large as a Fortune 100 company. Software, software, software Apple’s developer conference is, unsurprisingly, traditionally focused on its developer community, so it’s safe to assume we’ll see updates to its main operating systems announced at WWDC. This will likely include iOS 11, the latest operating system for iPhones and iPads; the next version of macOS; and perhaps updates to its watchOS and tvOS operating systems for the Apple Watch and TV. Not much has leaked about the new operating systems, except a possible update to Apple Music to better incorporate video content and improved support for Apple’s stylus for the iPad, the Apple Pencil. Expect the majority of Monday’s keynote to be focused on software. New computers Apple is expected to update the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro to Intel’s newer, more efficient Kaby Lake processors, although not much else is expected to change in these new laptops, which received aesthetic overhauls in 2015 and 2016, respectively. The French Apple news site Consomac recently reported (link in French) uncovered regulatory filings for five new Mac devices in Russia, which suggest new models could be dropping soon. There’s also a chance Apple may also revive its long-forgotten MacBook Air line at WWDC, which hasn’t seen a significant update since 2015, and an outside chance Apple could update its iMac desktop computer too. A new size iPad It’s rumored that Apple plans to announce a new iPad Pro that will sit between the existing 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch Pro models. The new iPad Pro, according to 9to5Mac, would be roughly the same size and shape as the current 9.7-inch model, but will feature far more screen real estate in the same space, thanks to slimmed-down bezels. It’s unclear whether Apple’s larger iPad Pro will see a refresh, or what the fate of Apple’s smaller iPad Minis will be, considering a chunk of their market seems to have been cannibalized by the larger iPhone Plus models Apple has been releasing since 2014. One more thing? There could well be a few surprises in store. There are reports that Apple has been working on augmented-reality glasses for a while, and Cook has expressed his interest in the field multiple times—perhaps this year’s developer conference will be when Apple drops a new device, possibly first offering it to developers as Microsoft did with its HoloLens augmented-reality system. Apple has also reportedly been working on new processors that could power artificial intelligence-related tasks on mobile devices. Cook has also said that AI will be one of the core technologies that “will be dominant in smartphones of the future,” so it’s possible we’ll start to see what this could mean for Apple beyond a sassy virtual assistant that still doesn’t do a great job of understanding you most of the time. Or perhaps, after all these years, Apple will finally unveil a refresh of its Mac Mini desktop, which has seen one small upgrade in the last five years. Most Popular Every successful relationship is successful for the same exact reasons Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Trump-Russia inquiry to examine grand jury findings on Flynn's foreign lobbying David Smith in Washington The Guardian June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share In sign of investigation’s breadth, special counsel Robert Mueller to consider questions over ex-national security adviser’s work for Turkish businessman Robert Mueller will consider findings from a grand jury’s investigation into Michael Flynn’s foreign lobbying. Photograph: Larry Downing/ReutersMore A grand jury investigation into Michael Flynn’s foreign lobbying will be included in special counsel Robert Mueller’s scrutiny of possible collusion between Donald Trump’s associates and Russia, it was reported on Friday. It emerged last month that a grand jury in northern Virginia is examining former national security adviser’s work on behalf of a Turkish entrepreneur and has issued subpoenas to businesses that worked with him. The findings will become part of Mueller’s investigation, Reuters reported on Friday, an early indication of the extent of his reach as special counsel. Later on Friday, the Associated Press reported that Mueller has also assumed oversight of an ongoing investigation involving former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, who was forced to resign in August 2016 amid questions over his past business dealings in Ukraine. Flynn set up an intelligence consultancy in Alexandria, Virginia, after Barack Obama fired him as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014. Among his deals under scrutiny is one with Ekim Alptekin, a Turkish businessman whose company, the Netherlands-based Inovo BV, paid Flynn’s consultancy $530,000 to produce a documentary and research on Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish cleric living in exile in a small Pennsylvania town. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the president of Turkey, blames Gulen for a failed coup last July, an allegation that Gulen denies. Alptekin, chairman of the Turkey-US Business Council, told Reuters he had hired Flynn to provide research on how Gulen was “poisoning the atmosphere” between Turkey and the US. The fee given to Flynn’s company came “mostly” from his personal funds, he added. The grand jury in Virginia has issued subpoenas to some of Flynn’s business associates involved in the work for Inovo, Reuters said. The subpoena seen by the agency seeks bank records, documents and communications related to Flynn, his company, Flynn Intel Group, Alptekin and Inovo. Flynn’s work for Inovo came under scrutiny after he published a commentary on a political news website calling Gulen a “radical Islamist” who should be extradited to Turkey. The House of Representatives intelligence committee, also investigating Russian interference in the election, subpoenaed records from Flynn on Wednesday. The Senate intelligence committee has served subpoenas on Flynn and two of his businesses, and this week Flynn indicated that he would start turning over relevant materials. The deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, appointed Mueller, a former FBI director, on 17 May to oversee an investigation into any ties between Russia and individuals associated with the Trump campaign ahead of last November’s presidential election. This followed Trump’s decision to fire James Comey as director of the FBI. Comey will testify next Thursday before the Senate intelligence committee in both an open session and behind closed doors, another potential political minefield for Trump. In theory, the president could seek to invoke executive privilege in an attempt to block Comey from testifying, albeit at the risk of huge political blowback. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said: “That committee hearing was just noticed and I think, obviously, it’s got to be reviewed.” A reporter interjected: “That’s not a no!” Spicer replied: “I was just saying, literally, my understanding is the date for that hearing was just set. I have not spoken to counsel yet. I don’t know how they’re going to respond.” Spicer repeatedly parried questions about Trump and Russia, insisting that from now on he would now concentrate on the president’s agenda and refer all such inquiries to legal counsel. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,095 reactions12%67%21% Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 172 reactions6%67%27% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,598 reactions6%76%18% President Trump admits his executive order is a ban and somewhere, his lawyers are crying 1,303 reactions5%64%31% Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,701 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 45 reactions3%63%34% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 125 reactions3%79%18% Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in coach Steve Kerr's return 285 reactions4%78%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 3,777 reactions4%55%41% Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 9 reactions0%70%30% 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored Going gothic in Germany: World's largest ‘dark’ culture festival 75 reactions7%73%20% Putin on Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ 11 reactions8%67%25% Trump-Russia probe: 'There is no smoking gun yet, but lots of smoke' UseReasoning: "Trump-Russia probe: 'There is no smoking gun yet, but lots of smoke'." (Yahoo) Yep! And MOST of America is CHOKING on it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 98
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Apple WWDC 2017: The Biggest Rumors About Apple’s Big Week David Z. Morris Jun 04, 2017 Apple’s annual World Wide Developers Conference, its largest and most closely watched annual event, begins Monday and runs through Friday in San Jose, Calif. Apple continues to be one of the most secretive large companies on the planet. That success in turn has sprouted a cottage industry of leak-hunting and prognostication that naturally goes into overdrive before a big event like WWDC. Below is a roundup of key expectations, educated guesses, and speculative Hail Marys for this year's conference. The biggest announcements will actually come in CEO Tim Cook’s opening keynote, scheduled for 10 a.m. Pacific on Monday. Siri Upgrades Apple’s pioneering voice assistant seems to be losing ground to Amazon’s popular and ubiquitous Alexa, but Apple won’t take such news lying down. It’s now rumored that Siri may spread to iMessage and iCloud. The voice service could also see more third-party app integration—a key part of Alexa's success—and improved predictive algorithms that could help it better compete with similar services from rivals like Google. Most dramatically, there has been sustained speculation that Apple’s first completely new hardware product in years will be a Siri speaker not unlike Amazon’s Alexa-enabled Echo. It remains unclear that such a product would be unveiled at WWDC, a software-centric event. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. iOS 11 In addition to Siri upgrades, rumors are swirling that the new version of Apple’s mobile interface could include new video features in support of an increased push behind Apple Music, its Spotify-like streaming music service. FaceTime, Apple's video chat service, may also see an upgrade to support up to five users per call. And there's hope for a battery- and eye-saving “dark mode,” for which users have been clamoring for years. MacOS and Apple TV Apple will have ample time to discuss changes large and small across its myriad platforms. Among a welter of rumors about its desktop and television platforms—macOS and Apple TV, respectively—are upgrades to file management and video support in macOS 10.13 and smart-home controls and better streaming channel integration in tvOS 11. MacBook and iPad Observers predict that Apple will announce new top-end MacBook Pro models that integrate Intel’s newest Kaby Lake processors, which boast performance improvements of up to 20% over current-generation chips. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo also predicts the arrival of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Augmented Reality Glasses Take this rumor with an extra grain of salt. Someone claiming to be a Foxconn insider—that is, someone who works at the Taiwanese partner that assembles Apple products—took to Reddit yesterday to dish on topics including Apple connected eyewear supposedly dubbed "Project Mirrorshades." Leaked documents have previously hinted at an augmented reality project at Apple. The sketchy Foxconn source said the project might never see the light of day, but one optimist spotted a possible "Easter egg" in the program for WWDC itself. "Sorry to be shady about this," said the name of one session on Tuesday, June 6. The title also included emoji for sunglasses and the phrase "to be announced." Did anybody else spot this?! #Apple #AR #SmartGlasses 😎😎😎 session during #WWDC #wwdc2017 #wwdc17 !!!! pic.twitter.com/LnCjvSgJYr- Kris Kolo VR AR (@kriskolodziej) June 3, 2017 All of that, of course, is just the tip of what will be a five-day iceberg for one of the largest technology companies in the world. Other significant announcements are likely to include a streamlining of iTunes and a new Apple Watch OS. If the rumor mill has you on the edge of your seat, you can tune in to Apple's livestream of the conference in just a few hours. And don't forget to return to fortune.com for coverage of the event. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
CD Interest Rate Forecast 2017 Bonds vs Stocks Market Data Types of Bonds Best CD Rates LearnBonds Bond and Finance News Home News Automotive Consumer Discretionary Energy Economy Healthcare Financials Industrials Earnings Stocks Technology Politics Forex Investment Guides Investing In Bonds Investing in Bond Funds Investing In Treasuries Investing In Municipal Bonds Investing in Corporate Bonds More Bond Investing Guides… Annuities Contact Contributors When is Microsoft Surface Phone Release Date? June 4, 2017 By Muhammad Nadeem Leave a Comment Filed Under: Consumer Discretionary, News, Technology Tech world is expected to see two big phones this year: the iPhone 8 from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and the Surface Phone from Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Microsoft is supposed to release the Windows 10-powered Surface Phone in the second half of this year. The Redmond-based tech giant remains quiet about the Surface Phone. It neither confirmed nor denied rumors regarding the Phone. Last year, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella told shareholders that the company hasn’t abandoned the mobile business but instead it is “looking at different forms and functions for mobile devices.” He hinted that Microsoft is planning to build an “ultimate mobile device,” without mentioning the Surface Phone. Screen Shot | Tech Times In this post, we’ve rounded up everything that you need to know about the purported Phone. Surface Phone Rumors, News, Specs Microsoft is said to be designing the Surface Phone for business and corporate customers. The Phone is expected to feature top-class productivity and security tools. Rumors suggest that the rumored Surface Phone line will include three models. According to the rumors mill, the base model will get 4GB of RAM and 64 GB of storage, while the higher-end phone will feature 6GB of RAM and 128 GB of storage. All of the three versions would sport a 20-megapixel rear camera. There is no further information is available at this time about those three models. The Surface Phone is expected to come with Intel’s Kaby Lake chip. However, some reports claim that the handset will boast Qualcomm’s Snapdragon processor. Moreover, the Surface Phone is rumored to support Win32 apps. That means people will able to run Windows apps on their smartphones. According to tech experts, this unique feature could encourage Android and iOS users to switch to a Windows phone. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is planning to build a Windows 10-powered smartphone that could be folded into a tablet. In a new patent, the Windows maker showed a mobile phone with multiple flexible hinges that would work as a smartphone and a tablet. In another patent filing, the company included a mobile device that could function both as a book and as a laptop. Release Date and Price Microsoft has yet to break its silence regarding the Surface Phone. It seems that the company is waiting for a right time to release the phone. Based on rumors and experts’ opinions, we believe that the Phone won’t arrive until 2018. Microsoft could release the Phone in the first quarter of 2018. However, many tech experts believe that the device will make arrive sometime this year, possibly in Holiday 2017. As far as the price is concerned, the lower-end model of the Surface Phone is expected to start at $699, while the higher-end model will be offered at $1,099. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website LearnBonds Contact Us About Privacy Policy Sitemap Resources Financial Terms Investing Guides Videos CD Rates Bond Info Best of the Bond Market Municipal Bonds Treasury Bonds Corporate Bonds Agency Bonds Savings Bonds Categories Categories Select Category annuities  (24) Automotive  (1,046) Best of the Bond Market  (792) Bitcoin  (5) BlackRock  (16) Bond Basics  (96) Bond Basics Videos  (19) Bond Funds  (351)    Bond ETFs  (92)    Bond Fund Basics  (58)    Bond Fund Commentary  (98)    Bond Fund Data  (6)    Bond Fund Investment Ideas  (67)    Bond Mutual Funds  (91)    Choosing a Bond Fund  (62)    LB Ratings  (33)    PIMCO  (46)       PIMCO Podcast  (1) Bond Investment Guides  (9) Bond Investment Ideas  (333) Bond Market Daily Wrapup  (142) Bond Market Data  (38) Bonds  (61) Buying Bonds How To  (23) Certificates of Deposit  (19) Charles Schwab  (1) Commentary  (35) Consumer Discretionary  (1,143) corporate bonds  (168)    Corporate Bond Basics  (27)    Corporate Bond Commentary  (66)    Corporate Bond Data  (1)    Corporate Bond How to Guides  (11)    Corporate Bond Investment Ideas  (23)    junk bonds  (52) credit  (4) Earnings  (117) Economic News  (176) Energy  (184) Federal Reserve  (74) Financials  (81) Forex  (15) glossary  (50) Gold  (119) Healthcare  (57) Housing  (10) Industrials  (49) Interviews  (16) Investing for Millennials  (3) iShares  (16) Lifestyle  (4) Municipal Bonds  (146)    Municipal Bond Basics  (24)    Municipal Bond Data  (7)    Municipal Bond How to Guides  (11)    Municipal Bond Investment Ideas  (12)    Municipal Bond Market Commentary  (70) News  (7,643) Peer to Peer Lending  (24)    P2P Lending Videos  (4) Politics  (31) Raymond James Weekly Update  (32) REIT  (2) Savings Bonds  (35)    Savings Bond Basics  (13)    Savings Bond Commentary  (18)    Savings Bond Data  (1)    Savings Bond How to Guides  (9) Silver  (1) Stocks  (197) Surface Phone  (25) Taxes  (21) Technology  (4,576) test  (1) Treasuries  (232)    Treasury Bond Basics  (16)    Treasury Bond Data  (4)    Treasury Bond How To Guides  (5)    Treasury Bond Investment Ideas  (9)    Treasury Market Commentay  (54) Uncategorized  (103)    Financials  (5) Video  (15) Copyright © 2017 LearnBonds.com
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper What to expect at Apple's developer conference 2017 Decorations have been put up on the exterior of San Jose McEnery Convention Centre for Apple's upcoming Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) 2017. ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN PublishedJun 4, 2017, 1:25 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4LXJ Copy Trevor Tan Deputy Tech Editor trevtan@sph.com.sg SAN JOSE - Apple will be holding its annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) this year from June 5 to 9 (Pacific Time) at at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, instead of San Francisco, a departure from the norm. It will be the first time since 2002 that Apple will be holding WWDC in San Jose, which is closer to the tech giant's home campus in Cupertino. It might be a step to bring next year's WWDC to the new Apple Park campus in the iPhone maker's headquarters. So, what can we expect from WWDC this year? As a developer conference, we can definitely look forward to new software. SOFTWARE 1. macOS 10.13 or 11? Almost every year, Apple updates its macOS 10 (previously known as Mac OS X). So, we can expect an upgrade from the current 10.12 to 10.13. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up There are also rumours that Apple might change the naming convention to macOS 11, to bring both iOS and macOS to same numeric version. But information about the new macOS is scarce. Still, we will probably see speed improvements, a smarter Siri voice assistant and better integration between iOS and macOS. One probable development for macOS 10.13 is the implementation of the Apple File System (APFS). Optimised for flash drive storage, which is becoming more prevalent, APFS is said to offer stronger encryption, faster file movement, as well as better space efficiency and backup capabilities. This will also bring masOS in line with iOS which was updated to APFS during the recent iOS 10.3 upgrade. 2. iOS 11 Again, iOS - the operating system for Apple's smartphones and tablets - is refreshed every year. Apple typically announces the new version in June at WWDC, and the new iOS will roll out in September when the new iPhones are launched. Artificial intelligence (AI) seems to be the buzzword among tech giants like Google and Microsoft. Apple is no different. Rumours are circulating that Apple is planning major updates to its voice assistant Siri, such that it becomes smarter through contextual learning with improved AI. Improvements in Siri will most likely be duplicated in the new macOS. In addition, Apple might be adding group video chats in FaceTime and conference calls of up to five people in iMessage. Other additional features include a dark mode for better reading at night. 3. watchOS 4 and tvOS 11 With new macOS and iOS versions, there will likely be updates to watchOS for Apple Watch and tvOS for Apple TV. The new watchOS 4 is expected to add more features for health tracking. Apple's chief executive Tim Cook is said to be testing a glucose level monitor on his Apple Watch, while Apple just recently bought sleep-tracking firm Beddit. So, we might see these features added into the new watchOS. This writer personally hopes to see third-party watch faces, instead of just the few offered by Apple currently. For tvOS 11, there is a high chance that there will be multiple user profile support, something like what you get with Netflix or HBO. So, you can have your own apps in a specific arrangement when you log in with your ID, while another user who logs in will have his own customised interface. It is also rumoured that tvOS 11 might finally support Amazon Prime Video and Vudu streaming services. HARDWARE No hardware was announced for the previous two iterations of WWDC. But with the lack of a March Apple media event this year, we might just see some hardware announcements at WWDC. 1. New iPad Pro? Well-connected and often-reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities said that there is a high chance that Apple will launch a 10.5-inch version of the iPad Pro. This is an answer to complaints by users who think the 12.9-inch iPad Pro is too big but the 9.7-inch version is a tad too small. 2. New MacBook and MacBook Pro? Last week, Apple registered at least five new models of the MacBook and MacBook Pro in the Eurasian Economic Commission, according to French website Consomac. However, it is likely that these MacBooks and MacBook Pros will come with only an internal upgrade of Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors. The latest MacBook Pros were introduced only in October last year, so it's unlikely there will be any major change in design. 3. Siri Speaker This is supposed to be the highlight of WWDC 2017. Again, rumours of the Siri Speaker came from KGI Securities' Mr Kuo. He said there is an over 50 per cent chance that Apple will announce its first AI product at WWDC. Industry pundits have thus pointed to a Siri Speaker, that will compete directly with the likes of Amazon Echo and Google Home smart speakers. These smart speakers connect to a voice-controlled AI assistant that allows users to interact with it to play music, send e-mails, get real-time weather or traffic information, or simply have a conversation. While Echo uses the Alexa voice assistant, the Siri Speaker - or whatever it might be called, maybe Apple Sound? - will, most certainly, use the Siri voice assistant. The Siri Speaker is said to have better sound performance than its competitors, thanks to the use of Beats technology. In addition, it is rumoured to include face recognition, so Siri will know who it is talking to. It might also have a touchscreen panel like the recently announced Amazon Echo Show. Both Amazon Echo and Google Home are currently not available, nor supported, in Singapore. So, hopefully, the Siri Speaker will be. All will be revealed during Apple's keynote on June 5, 10am (June 6, 1am, Singapore time) that traditionally kicks start WWDC. To catch the keynote live, visit www.apple.com/apple-events/june-2017. Topics:  APPLE IPHONES IOS IPAD More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LXJ Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice New supplier of Korean nat'l skating uniform vows quality products The Korea Herald > Business > Industry NewCities Summit 2017 in Songdo to discuss ‘urban wellbeing’ Annual event invites experts, businessmen from over 50 countries to forge new opportunities on future of urban development   Published : 2017-06-04 14:50 Updated : 2017-06-04 17:38 This year’s NewCities Summit is slated to kick off at the coastal city of Songdo in South Korea on Wednesday, with an aim to contribute to improving life in cities around the world through innovation and help Incheon City rise into a global smart city development leader. The Incheon Free Economic Zone Authority said that it will host the NewCities Summit 2017 from June 7-9 at the Songdo Convensia Convention Center located the Songdo International Business District. The theme of this year’s NewCities Summit is “Thriving Cities: The Building Blocks of Urban Wellbeing.” The three-day event will involve on-site city tours as well as presentations, panel talks, roundtable discussions and workshops on topics like understanding urban wellbeing, digitalizing new city development as well as eco-friendly urban design. Co-hosted by the IFEZ and the Geneva-based NewCities Foundation, the event is slated to bring together more than 800 smart city experts, politicians, scholars and entrepreneurs from more than 50 countries to discuss smart city planning agendas and forge new business opportunities. The upcoming Songdo summit is in its sixth running. The NewCities Foundation has been hosting the annual event with various cities around the world, starting with Paris in 2012. Jakarta was the first Asian city to host the event in 2015. According to organizers, this year’s summit participants will propose what a city needs in order to provide the best quality of life for the people, envision a future city that prioritize people’s well-being and lay out ways to make use of smart city technologies to maximize urban wellbeing. “The NewCities Summit 2017 will become a platform for the IFEZ to become a global leader in smart city trends and innovative urban technology platforms,” said IFEZ Commissioner Lee Young-geun. Commissioner of Incheon Free Economic Zone Authority Lee Young-geun (left) and NewCities Foundation Chairman John Rossant pose at a signing ceremony for the NewCities Summit 2017 on June 21, 2016, after Songdo was selected as the site to host the NewCities Summit 2017. (NewCities Foundation) Following a series of on-site smart city tours Wednesday, the summit’s session will officially kick off on Thursday with a welcoming speech from NewCities Foundation Chairman John Rossant and Incheon City Mayor Yoo Jeong-bok. The day’s main talks will begin with a plenary panel session on “understanding urban wellbeing” that will define the concept of a “healthy city” and how to design cities as so-called “ecosystems of wellbeing.” The discussion will feature distinguished guests including the World Bank’s Director of Social, Urban, Rural and Resilience Global Practice Ede Ijjasz-Vasquez and Bethlehem Municipality Mayor Vera Baboun. CNN International Correspondent Paula Hancocks is slated to moderate the session. The founders of global social enterprises and mobility startups including Small Change and WhereIsMyTransport will also share how they are capitalizing on modern technology to tackle the biggest urban challenges of our time. Global corporations and environmental groups will come together to discuss ways to measure “urban wellbeing” and to define the types of global or regional standards that must be enforced to keep cities healthy. This panel session will invite Intel’s Vice President and General Manager of Internet of Things Jonathan Ballon, Executive Director of the Green Climate Fund Howard Bamsey and US Green Building Council President Mahesh Ramanujam. Other topics to be discussed on Thursday include crowdsourcing campaigns for urban development, harnessing technology in urban healthcare, creating connected cities via 5G network technologies and building intelligent transportation systems, among others. The summit’s panel discussion will continue into Friday starting with a keynote speech on the topic of “ubiquitous city” by IFEZ Commissioner Lee Young-geun followed by a plenary panel on the topic of “the unlikely appeal of disruptive urbanpreneurs.” Another session will revolve around the development of “clean and healthy transport systems,” inviting Uber’s Asia Policy Lead Priscilla Baek, William Chernicoff, Senior Manager of Global Research & Innovation at the Toyota Mobility Foundation and other industry figures to the table. English and Korean translation services will be available during the event. For registration and further information about the NewCities Summit 2017, visit www.newcitiessumit2017.org. By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com) and Lee Hong-seok (gilbert@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. New supplier of Korean nat'l... 2. Prime minister renews vow to... 3. S. Korea OKs four more NK co... 4. Korea has room for tax hike:... 5. Midfielder determined to sho... 6. Seoul shares lose ground on ... 7. Black Pink confirms June rel... 8. Over 2,000 Korean firms sell... 9. Moon takes action for income... 10. S. Korea rescues 4 N. Korean... 1. Terror attacks strike heart ... 2. Moon has more targets in mi... 3. Almost 10,000 Koreans suffer... 4. Son Ga-in claims boyfriend‘... 5. Minister: Moon's position on... 6. Park Myung-soo’s wife makes... 7. Big Bang’ T.O.P issues hand... 8. Brace for more 9. China leads greenhouse gas ... 10. S. Korea rescues 4 N. Korean... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 05 Jun 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology WWDC 2017: Apple set to launch software for next iPhone today Under construction: More than 26,000 buildings coming up in Dubai A woman's tale: working as a female entrepreneur in a male-dominated world Former Damac managing director joins Saudi developer A woman's tale: working as a female entrepreneur in a male-dominated world Former Damac managing director joins Saudi developer UAE's wasl launches Warsan project in preparation for Expo 2020 MENA hospitality industry shows mixed results as average room rates drop A woman's tale: working as a female entrepreneur in a male-dominated world Former Damac managing director joins Saudi developer UAE's wasl launches Warsan project in preparation for Expo 2020 Jordan's new Aqaba terminal 80% completed Oil prices expected to stay low for long Saudi Aramco raises July Arab Light OSP to Asia Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring Egypt aims to cut fuel imports to 10% of consumption by 2019 Kuwait picks EY to value stock exchange for potential listing Cigna establishes MENA management office at DIFC Gulf Financial Group pulls back from talks to buy Shuaa Capital Insurance firms' premiums rise 3% to $350mln in Q1 Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring GCC fixed income shows promise as asset class Dubai's Meraas Holding has issued $400mln sukuk Emirates NBD Capital sets sights on sukuk ETF WWDC 2017: Apple set to launch software for next iPhone today Password, username reuse major threat to enterprise security Robocop joins Dubai police force Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global 50 years later, the Palestinians rightly feel abandoned Deal with Qatar once and for all: analysts Mohammed bin Rashid Foundation carries out Ramadan projects in 53 countries Trump criticises London Mayor Sadiq Khan Deal with Qatar once and for all: analysts Kuwait picks EY to value stock exchange for potential listing Mohammed bin Rashid Foundation carries out Ramadan projects in 53 countries Bahrain indefinitely suspends newspaper that backs opposition 50 years later, the Palestinians rightly feel abandoned Syrian army advances against Islamic State in Aleppo province U.S.-backed Syrian forces seize dam west of Raqqa Mideast carriers post 10.8% traffic rise in April Egypt's foreign reserves rise to $31.126bln at end-May Moroccan police stifle women's protest in northern city Egypt aims to cut fuel imports to 10% of consumption by 2019 Japan takes interest in investment in Tunisian olive oil "Oi, cowards!": Londoners fought back as killers rampaged Mohammed bin Rashid Foundation carries out Ramadan projects in 53 countries Trump criticises London Mayor Sadiq Khan More than a thousand Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Swing traders re-enter Dubai stocks Oil prices expected to stay low for long Saudi rises ahead of MSCI decision, Ezdan leaps in Qatar Abu Dhabi trade in pearl, gemstones, metals $1.28bln in Q1 Swing traders re-enter Dubai stocks Saudi rises ahead of MSCI decision, Ezdan leaps in Qatar Kuwait picks EY to value stock exchange for potential listing Gulf Financial Group pulls back from talks to buy Shuaa Capital Egypt's foreign reserves rise to $31.126bln at end-May Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring U.S. dollar trading near seven-month lows Yuan, rupee seen weakening over coming year: Reuters poll Oil prices expected to stay low for long Abu Dhabi trade in pearl, gemstones, metals $1.28bln in Q1 Saudi Aramco raises July Arab Light OSP to Asia Egypt aims to cut fuel imports to 10% of consumption by 2019 Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE Expat Alert: Most typing centres stop handling medical test papers in Dubai Bahrain indefinitely suspends newspaper that backs opposition Qatar likely to issue public-private partnership law by the summer: PwC Kuwait limits family visa to immediate family 50 years later, the Palestinians rightly feel abandoned Deal with Qatar once and for all: analysts UAE Expat Alert: Most typing centres stop handling medical test papers in Dubai Qatar likely to issue public-private partnership law by the summer: PwC ICC Champions Trophy: Team hotels in lockdown after terror attack "Oi, cowards!": Londoners fought back as killers rampaged Bahrain indefinitely suspends newspaper that backs opposition UK election to go ahead on June 8 despite London attack, says PM Qatar likely to issue public-private partnership law by the summer: PwC Over 141,000 fines recorded against 52,765 companies in the UAE Ministry warns Qatari retailers of fake promotions Crackdown: More than 50,000 private sector firms fined in UAE Kuwait limits family visa to immediate family Beach dispute on Palm Jumeirah: Nakheel denies Dubai tenants access to facilities Dos and don’ts for taking pictures on airplanes Saudi actor wins court case against apostasy accuser Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Shah Rukh Khan slams Ramez after Ramadan prank ICC Champions Trophy: Team hotels in lockdown after terror attack Billionaire B. R. Shetty aims for $1bln in revenue from Indian film epic Two-goal Ronaldo gives Real 12th European title UAE Expat Alert: Most typing centres stop handling medical test papers in Dubai Cigna establishes MENA management office at DIFC Fast-food chains starved for customers during Ramadan Rotating wooden drum aims to help child development When you love your friends but hate who they are on social media Riyadh governor inaugurates Al-Faisal Museum for Arab-Islamic Art Online apps to report Sharjah violations First ladies-only Ramadan tent opens in Dubai Brand Dubai: ‘Forests’ under bridges to beautify emirate New access to Dubai Mall by the end of this year Saudi King Abdulaziz Airport serves 7.3mln Umrah pilgrims so far Innovative airport sleep lounge ‘sleep ‘n fly’ opens at Dubai DXB Shah Rukh Khan slams Ramez after Ramadan prank Billionaire B. R. Shetty aims for $1bln in revenue from Indian film epic Bahrain indefinitely suspends newspaper that backs opposition Griffin says Trumps trying to ruin her More than a thousand Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin Two-goal Ronaldo gives Real 12th European title Australian McDermott applies for India coach job Why India-Pakistan matches are simply unforgettable Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Breaking news SAUDI ARABIA, BAHRAIN, EGYPT SEVERE ALL TIES WITH QATAR Advertisement europe   'Paris was...a bunch of words': WH defends Paris exit 02 Jun 2017 The White House Friday defending the president's decision to pull the U.S. from the Paris accord, saying it hurt American interests, while dodging any questions about Trump's position on climate change. Jonah Green reports. Video Transcript The White House Friday defending President Trump's decision to pull the U.S. out of the global Paris agreement to fight climate change. SOUNDBITE (English) EPA ADMINISTRATOR SCOTT PRUITT, SAYING: We've lead with action, not words. Paris, truly, Paris at its core was a bunch of words committed to a very, very minimal environmental benefit and cost this country a substantial amount of money." But neither EPA chief Scott Pruitt nor Sean Spicer, could answer whether the president even believes in climate change. SOUNDBITE (English) EPA ADMINISTRATOR SCOTT PRUITT, SAYING: "I answered the question a couple of times." Trump announced the withdrawal from the historic deal on Thursday, saying that participating in the pact would undermine the U.S. economy. White House officials portraying the agreement as a conspiracy to weaken American industry. SOUNDBITE (English) EPA ADMINISTRATOR SCOTT PRUITT, SAYING: "The world applauded when we joined Paris. And you know why? I think they applauded because they knew it would put this country at an economic disadvantage." The exit prompting a mix of dismay and anger across the world. The European Union and China warned Trump on Friday he was making a major error by withdrawing from the pact. A number of business and industry figures criticized Trump's decision, including heads of Disney, GE, Citibank, Facebook, Twitter, Amazon, Microsoft, Tesla, Uber, Intel and Google, while others focused on what it might mean to their trade. Germany's powerful car industry said Europe would need to reassess its environmental standards to remain competitive after the "regrettable" U.S. decision. As for the market, crude fell 1 percent on Friday, heading for a second straight week of losses, on worries that the U.S. withdrawing from Paris could ultimately result in an overabundance of oil production. Multimedia AUDIO Effect of Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris Climate Agreement AUDIO Paris Climate Agreement: The environmental perspective AUDIO Views on Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement VIDEO Militants stage deadly terror attack in London gallery Terror attacks in London VIDEO Multiple terror attacks strike London Advertisement Most Popular Videos Robocop joins Dubai police force 01 Jun 2017 - Reuters Videos Griffin says Trumps trying to ruin her 02 Jun 2017 - Reuters Videos Assad says Syria "should be secular" 23 Nov 2015 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,531 Reviews & Articles | 55,526 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Patriot Viper V570 Mouse and V370 RGB Headset Home News Motherboards ASRock delivers with an X299 mITX motherboard ASRock is the first with an X299-based mITX motherboard By: Steven Bassiri | Motherboards News | Posted: 1 day, 2 hours ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Computex 2017 - ASRock delivered the only X99 motherboard to the consumer market and it seems that they have done it again with the X299 chipset. The socket will support LGA2011 mounting.     The X299E-ITX/AC features the new chipset along with four SO-DIMMs, which ASRock claims can support up to 4800MHz DDR4, as well as quad-channel memory support. While it only has a single PCI-E x16 slot like most other mini-ITX motherboards, it does offer two x4 PCI-E 3.0 M.2 slots. Two of them are located on the back of the motherboard, while the third is located on a daughterboard behind the IO panel.     The motherboard actually features a second daughterboard that allow ASRock to cram more into the mini-ITX form factor including six SATA6Gb/s ports and a USB 3.0 internal header. The SATA/USB board sits above the VRM heat sink, which looks like it is small enough to cool down high quality dual N-channel MOSFETs or fully integrated power stages.   When it comes to networking, the motherboard offers two Intel Gbit LAN ports along with Wireless AC. While the motherboard has a full black aesthetic, it still offers an RGB LED header. All being said, the X299E-ITX/AC is almost as loaded as most full sized X299 motherboards, and we should have a review for you when the motherboard comes out, so stay tuned! >> NEXT STORY: GDDR6 arrives in early 2018, GDDR5X hits 16Gbps << PREVIOUS STORY: Intel's Core i9-7980XE 18C/36T processor: 2018 release? Related Tags ASRock Intel Intel X299 ASRock X299 mITX Computex 2017 Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts AMD Radeon RX series cards are hard to buy right now New iPhone 8 rumors leak from trusted source Huawei to unveil the Honor 9 on June 12 ASRock delivers with an X299 mITX motherboard GDDR6 arrives in early 2018, GDDR5X hits 16GbpsView More News Posts Forum Activity Z97 Extreme won't go past BIOS - dead mobo?? i have a very problem,help please ASRock C2550D41 Stuck Booting Up Amped Wireless Helios-EX AC2200 Range Extender Review z68x-ud3-b3 REVIVED? Backwards flashed, do I mod it?View More Forum Posts Press Releases LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i Award Next generation 3D NAND propels PCIe SSD adoption Tegila expands lifetime storage program, unveils controller-only refresh optionView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report Disrupt NY 2017 Judah vs the Machines Gadgets Interviews News Reviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team TC Sessions RoboticsDiscover The Next Evolution Of The Startup / Robotics Ecosystem Register Today Cloud Discontent and disruption in the world of content delivery networks Google’s Compute Engine now lets you choose between CPU platforms CoreOS updates its Tectonic container platform with the latest Kubernetes release, etcd as a service Browse more... Internet of Things Dojo smart home security gizmo goes on sale in the US Ikea’s smart light bulbs will work with Amazon Alexa, Apple Siri and Google Assistant Deep Science AI monitors security feeds for masks and guns to quicken response times Browse more... google cloud platform Google’s Compute Engine now lets you choose between CPU platforms Google’s second generation TPU chips takes machine learning processing to a new level Google’s Cloud Platform improves its free tier and adds always-free compute and storage services Browse more... Google’s new IoT Core service helps businesses manage their IoT data and devices Posted May 16, 2017 by Ron Miller (@ron_miller) 0 SHARES Next Story Houzeo simplifies the process of selling your home Google Cloud launched a new Internet of Things management service today called Google Cloud IoT Core that provides a way for companies to manage IoT devices and process data being generated by those devices. A transportation or logistics firm, for example, could use this service to collect data from its vehicles and combine it with other information like weather, traffic and demand to place the right vehicles at the right place at the right time. By making this into a service, Google is not only keeping up with AWS and Microsoft, which have similar services, it is tapping into a fast-growing market. In fact, a Google Cloud spokesperson said the genesis of this service wasn’t so much about keeping up with its competitors — although that’s clearly part of it — it was about providing a service its cloud customers were increasingly demanding. That’s because more and more companies are dealing with tons of data coming from devices large and small, whether a car or truck or tiny sensors sitting on an MRI machine or a machine on a manufacturer’s shop floor. Just validating the devices, then collecting the data they are generating is a huge undertaking for companies. Google Cloud IoT Core is supposed to help deal with all of that by removing a level of complexity associated with managing all of these devices and data. By packaging this as a service, Google is trying to do a lot of the heavy lifting for customers, providing them with the infrastructure and services they need to manage the data, using Google’s software services like Google Cloud Dataflow, Google BigQuery, and Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine. Customers can work with third-party partners like ARM, Intel and Sierra Wireless for their IoT hardware and Helium, Losant or Tellmeplus for building their applications. Photo: Google Cloud   While the company bills itself as the more open alternative to competitors like AWS and Microsoft Azure, this IoT service is consistent with Google’s overall strategy to let customers use both its core cloud services and whatever other services they choose to bring to the process, whether they are from Google itself or from a third party. Related Articles The solution consists of two main pieces. First there is a device manager for registering each of the “things” from which you will be collecting data. This can be done manually through a console or programmatically to register the devices in a more automated fashion, which is more likely in scenarios involving thousands or even tens of thousands of devices. As Google describes it, the device manager establishes the identity of a device and provides a mechanism for authenticating it as it connects to the cloud, while maintaining a configuration for each device that helps the Google Cloud service recognize it. The second piece is a “protocol bridge,” which provides a way to communicate using standard protocols between the “things” and the Google Cloud service. It includes native support for secure connection over MQTT, an industry-standard IoT protocol, according to the company. Once the device is registered and the data is moved across the protocol bridge, it can flow through processing and eventually visualization or use in an application. Featured Image: chombosan/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Cloud Platform Founded 2012 Overview Google Cloud Platform enables developers to build, test and deploy applications on Google’s highly-scalable and reliable infrastructure. Choose from computing, storage and application services for your web, mobile and backend solutions. Location San Francisco, CA Categories Cloud Computing, Developer Platform, Cloud Data Services Full profile for Google Cloud Platform Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report The World Is Melting | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Internet of Things google cloud platform Cloud Popular Posts Featured Stories Judah vs soccer playing robots VIDEO | 5:45 | Judah vs the Machines Facebook is broken 14 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully launches reused Dragon spacecraft for ISS resupply yesterday | Darrell Etherington Apple Music executive Bozoma Saint John could be leaving Apple yesterday | Romain Dillet What to expect from WWDC 2017 yesterday | Brian Heater Latest From Enterprise Storage provider Tintri’s IPO filing shows mounting losses Jun 2, 2017 | Katie Roof Yext passes its first test as a publicly traded company Jun 1, 2017 | Matthew Lynley Box looks to woo Wall Street with its positive cash flow story May 31, 2017 | Matthew Lynley Read Mary Meeker’s essential 2017 Internet Trends report May 31, 2017 | Josh Constine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Houzeo simplifies the process of selling your home Posted May 16, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer at Upserve (Providence, RI, United States) Senior DevOps Manager (Remote) @ Plex at Plex (San Francisco, CA, United States) Manager, Marketing Ops and Analytics (REMOTE) @ Plex at Plex (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Frontend Engineer @ Onfleet at Onfleet (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Software Development Engineer @ Microsoft at Microsoft (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report Disrupt NY 2017 Judah vs the Machines All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Business in the age of Ethereum 4 hours ago by Deep Patel The Z Grills Elite 900 is an all-in one cookout workhorse that’s easy to use 5 hours ago by Darrell Etherington How Google could fire up its smart home play 7 hours ago by Brian Heater, Natasha Lomas Toyota’s flying car project takes a tentative test flight 10 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Facebook is broken 14 hours ago by Jon Evans Three computer vision experts join TechCrunch’s Tel Aviv event 19 hours ago by Romain Dillet SpaceX successfully launches reused Dragon spacecraft for ISS resupply yesterday by Darrell Etherington Watch SpaceX launch a recycled Dragon capsule to resupply the ISS yesterday by Darrell Etherington The Master & Dynamic MW60 x Leica headphone collab is all about love of the look yesterday by Stefan Etienne Apple Music executive Bozoma Saint John could be leaving Apple yesterday by Romain Dillet
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › opinion home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Paris climate agreement Opinion The US is the biggest loser on the planet thanks to Trump’s calamitous act Vicki Arroyo His withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement belittles his country, but could galvanise the world The once smoke-choked industrial city of Pittsburgh has cleaned up its act. Photograph: Gene J Puskar/AP Paris climate agreement Opinion The US is the biggest loser on the planet thanks to Trump’s calamitous act Vicki Arroyo His withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement belittles his country, but could galvanise the world Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Saturday 3 June 2017 19.05 EDT Last modified on Sunday 4 June 2017 04.37 EDT Life here in the US feels surreal lately, like a very bad reality TV show, thanks to Donald Trump. In no case is this more evident than the president’s decision – and the process and theatre around it – to abandon the Paris climate agreement and nearly every other country in the world. The Paris agreement was a groundbreaking deal that allowed each country to decide its own contribution to reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Even though it is non-binding, the agreement puts the world on the path to keep global temperatures from rising more than 2C, which scientists warn would be disastrous for our planet. By abandoning the agreement, we are not only ceding global leadership but also effectively renouncing our global citizenship. The US is joining Nicaragua (which felt the agreement did not go far enough) and Syria (in the midst of a devastating civil war) as the only nations without a seat at the Paris table. As an American, I am embarrassed and ashamed of this abdication of our responsibility, especially since the US has been the world’s largest contributor of carbon emissions over time. We have become a rogue nation. This action will not put “America first”. Instead, we risk becoming, to cite an actual reality TV show, the “biggest loser” in a global race towards a new, more vibrant and innovative clean energy economy. 'Outmoded, irrelevant vision': Pittsburghers reject Trump's pledge Read more Trump’s dubious claims regarding the impact of the Paris agreement have been widely discredited. No amount of rhetoric will bring back coal and nothing will stop the explosive growth of clean energy jobs. Already, wind and solar employ nearly three times as many people as the coal industry does, according to the Department of Energy’s 2017 energy and employment report. Trump claimed he was elected to represent Pittsburgh, not Paris. Pittsburgh’s mayor, William Peduto, fired back: “President Trump’s decision is disastrous for our planet, for cities such as Pittsburgh.” In fact, the once smoke-choked industrial city highlights the enormous benefits that come from adopting cleaner energy, as called for under the Paris agreement. The city is a recognised leader for investments in green infrastructure (green roofs, urban forest projects, etc) that create jobs, reduce emissions and protect citizens from climate impacts such as increased urban heat island effect and more intense storms. Pittsburgh has been named the US’s “most livable city” six times since 2000 exactly because of this. The transition to cleaner and more resilient communities around the US is under way. So too is a shift from dirty coal to cleaner natural gas and renewables. These changes are being driven by market forces that not even Trump can hold back. But policies do matter. The administration’s direct attack on the environment, from rolling back President Obama’s plan to cut power plant emissions to proposing draconian budget cuts in research and innovation, will slow the momentum in tackling climate change just when it’s more urgent than ever to accelerate action. Trump’s actions also threaten to cripple the US economy by slowing the growth in renewable energy jobs and by handing global clean energy leadership to China. Already, China has produced more than three times more clean energy jobs than the US has, according to the International Renewable Energy Agency. If there’s any good news about Trump’s breathtakingly wrong decision, it has been the swift outpouring of outrage and opposition, both in the US and around the world. Dozens of US mayors and the governors of a number of states, including some Republicans, have vowed to forge ahead with ambitious climate and clean energy plans. In spite of Trump’s announcement, “Massachusetts is aggressively working to exceed the goals of the Paris agreement on the state level, while growing our economy through clean energy innovation and environmental stewardship,” said Governor Charlie Baker, a Republican. World reacts to Trump's decision to reject Paris climate accord – in pictures Read more Like Pittsburgh and Massachusetts, other cities and states – and other countries – see huge benefits in the transition to clean energy. Contrary to the alternative reality presented by Trump, they have already proved that climate action spurs, not harms, economic growth. For example, California’s cap-and-trade programme and other environmental policies have slashed the carbon intensity of its economy by 7% at the same time that the state’s economy grew 6.6%. The regional greenhouse gas initiative, a cap-and-trade programme for the power sector in nine north-eastern states, has cut carbon pollution by 45%, while their economies have grown 8%.Similarly, Germany reduced its greenhouse gas emissions by 12% between 2000 and 2015 as its economy grew 16%. More than 30 states and scores of companies have adopted clean energy targets and goals. A sizable majority of Americans, along with major companies such as ExxonMobil, Apple, Google and Intel, want to remain in the Paris agreement. If enough of these entities act, it’s even possible that they can keep the US within striking distance of meeting its targets in the agreement without any support from Washington, DC, at least in the short-term, though US federal leadership is essential to achieve the deep reductions required over time. 'Make our planet great again': Macron praised for response to Trump Read more If Trump thought he would blow up the Paris agreement and cause a stampede for the exits, he was terribly mistaken. If anything, he has stiffened the resolve for climate action around the world. The EU, which has met its previous ambitious carbon pollution reduction targets, has pledged to do more, with or without US leadership. The EU is also working to join forces with China on an emissions trading plan. And China plans to invest at least $360bn by 2020 in a push to be the global leader in renewables. “Wherever we live, whoever we are, we all share the same responsibility: make our planet great again,” declared France’s president, Emmanuel Macron. Like so many, I have been dismayed by the US abdication of leadership and responsibility on this central issue of our time. I’m worried about the growing risk of catastrophic climate change and the staggering toll it will take in human suffering when solutions are readily available. The Paris agreement represents unprecedented global co-operation to avoid the worst consequences of climate change. However misguided, Trump has put a spotlight on the undeniable need to act and galvanised people from around the world to create a cleaner and more resilient future. It’s up to all of us now to make that happen. Topics Paris climate agreement Opinion Climate change Donald Trump Climate change scepticism Energy Renewable energy comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Opinion › Paris climate agreement the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Recent Posts NA panel: KAC must be a state-held authority Amir urges armed forces to be vigilant MoH creates medical e-file under Korean tutelage Municipality halts home business licensing Work-related concerns Recent Comments Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies World forges ahead with climate deal without US President Donald Trump gestures while speaking about the U.S. role in the Paris climate change accord, Thursday, June 1, 2017, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington. -AP BRUSSELS: The world forged ahead yesterday with the Paris climate deal after President Donald Trump pulled the US out of the pact, triggering bitter condemnation from all corners of the globe. Trump announced Thursday that his administration would immediately stop implementing the 195-nation accord brokered by Barack Obama in 2015 in tandem with Chinese leaders. The European Union said it was increasing efforts with China, the world’s biggest polluter, to galvanize global efforts to implement the deal while India vowed to stick to the pact regardless of the United States. Trump also faced a backlash at home where Democratic state governors, city mayors and powerful companies drew up plans to meet the pact’s greenhouse gas emission targets. “Americans will honor and fulfill the Paris agreement by leading from the bottom up-and there isn’t anything Washington can do to stop us,” former New York mayor and billionaire Michael Bloomberg said. However, Russian President Vladimir Putin spared Trump more withering criticism and urged the world to work with the New York tycoon on climate. In Brussels, European Council President Donald Tusk said the EU is “stepping up our cooperation on climate change with China” following a summit with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang. But EU officials said the two sides failed to formally endorse a joint statement on the issue due to a lingering but separate trade row. Expressions of shock and regret poured in from around the world, including from Pacific islands at risk of being swallowed by rising seas, who accused Washington of “abandoning” them. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the EU’s most powerful leader, pledged “more decisive action than ever” to protect the climate after Trump’s “highly regrettable” decision. ‘Nothing to renegotiate’ In a nationalistic “America First” announcement from the White House Rose Garden, Trump said he was withdrawing from a UN-backed deal that imposes “draconian financial and economic burdens” on the United States while going too easy on economic rivals China, India and Europe. “We don’t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore. And they won’t be.” Trump offered no details about how, or when, a formal withdrawal would happen. At one point he suggested a renegotiation could take place, an idea that was unceremoniously slapped down by partners. “There is nothing to renegotiate here,” EU climate commissioner Miguel Arias Canete told reporters in Brussels. The United States is the world’s second-largest greenhouse gas emitter, after China, so Trump’s decision could seriously hamper efforts to cut emissions and limit global temperature increases. Nicaragua and war-torn Syria are the only countries not party to the Paris accord, the former seeing it as not ambitious enough. Trump’s decision is likely to play well with the Republican base, with the more immediate damage likely to appear on the diplomatic front. Vice President Mike Pence said that Trump “has demonstrated his commitment… to put American workers, American consumers, American energy, and the American people first.” Echoes of reality TV Ever the showman, the 70-year-old Trump gave his decision a reality TV-style tease, refusing to indicate his preference either way until his announcement. Opponents of the pullout-said to include Trump’s daughter Ivanka-had warned that Washington’s global leadership role was at stake, along with the environment. A dozen large companies including oil major BP, agrochemical giant DuPont and tech heavyweights Google, Intel and Microsoft had urged Trump to stick to the pact. Following the announcement Tesla boss Elon Musk and Disney Chief Robert Iger said they would no longer participate in presidential business councils. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said. ‘Morally criminal’ White House officials acknowledged that under the deal, a formal withdrawal might not take place until after the 2020 election, and leaders will certainly push Trump to reconsider his decision in the meantime. India’s Environment Minister Harsh Vardhan said his country is committed to the Paris accord “irrespective” of the position of other nations. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi-who has said failing to address climate change would be “morally criminal”-is due to visit the White House shortly. Trump’s announcement comes less than 18 months after the climate pact was adopted, the fruit of a hard-fought agreement between Beijing and Washington under Obama’s leadership. The Paris Agreement commits signatories to efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming, which is blamed for melting ice caps and glaciers, rising sea levels and an increase in extreme weather events. They vowed to take steps to keep the worldwide rise in temperatures “well below” two degrees Celsius from pre-industrial times and to “pursue efforts” to hold the increase under 1.5 degrees Celsius. – AFP This article was published on 03/06/2017 Most Read No contaminated rice in local markets Turin stampede leaves 1,500 injured 4th Jun Imam Sadeq blast's anniversary brought national unity to Kuwaitis Amir urges armed forces to be vigilant Kuwait to maintain policy of moderation: foreign minister The visual art of advertising in Ramadan NA panel: KAC must be a state-held authority Boy faces deportation 7 killed in 'evil' London terror attack; 12 held Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2017 RSS © 2017, ↑ Kuwait Times
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Stan Boland: The British tech guru revving up to take on Uber in driverless cars Stan Boland Credit: Tom Pilston James Ashton 3 June 2017 • 5:06pm Stan Boland knows better than most the bittersweet sensation of selling a brilliant British technology company. He’s done it three times, to American and Chinese rivals. Designing microchips to power the Internet of Things, smartphones and high-speed broadband has made the son of a Manchester mill worker and a dinner lady very wealthy, but craving something more. He even played a key role in the early days of Arm Holdings, the chip designer he regrets was sold last year to Japanese investor Softbank. The nagging feeling that Britain – and he – could do better explains his latest challenge, an all-or-nothing attempt to take on one of the biggest and most aggressive start-ups in the world. “We are going to build Europe’s equivalent of Uber,” Boland blurts out within seconds of shaking hands. Really? Couldn’t the 57-year old have chosen something a little less crazy, with at least half a chance of success? To a degree, he concurs. “The mission we are setting out, honestly it sounds ridiculously ambitious,” adds Boland, tanned in dark shirt and jeans, running a hand through his grey, short-cropped hair. 'We are going to build Europe’s equivalent of Uber,' Boland says  Credit: Tom Pilston Not only is he plotting “a city by city battle” with Uber, which is worth north of $50bn (£39bn), he thinks he can launch a commercial car service with a paltry $70m. Rather than remote-controlling drivers all over the country, Boland’s venture, FiveAI, based in Cambridge and Bristol, will be completely driverless. It is the Holy Grail of motoring that every car maker and technology company including Uber is racing to crack. He expects to be testing on the streets of London in the second half of 2019. And which part of the capital stands ready to become this new frontier land? “Certainly Croydon is a possibility, and so is Bromley.” He simply couldn’t resist the challenge. “It is probably the most exciting thing happening in engineering and computer science at the moment. It is the application of artificial intelligence and machine learning to solve real world problems,” he says. Boland is not alone. His StreetWise consortium includes the Transport Research Laboratory, Oxford University, Transport for London and insurer Direct Line and has won £12.8m of government support for the project. FiveAI raised $2.7m of seed funding a year ago from backers including Amadeus Capital Partners and Notion Capital. In the coming weeks, it will announce it has brought in something in the order of $18m so it can add to its 22-strong staff. Anthony Levandowski, head of Uber's self-driving program Credit: AP Photo The plan is to develop a driverless car system that will let customers order a vehicle via a smartphone app. Boland will have to work with car makers at some point, but envisages becoming a customer rather than a supplier. He is relaxed about which manufacturer. “What people really care about is: ‘How long do I have to wait? Who am I travelling with? What does it cost? What is the Wi-Fi like? They don’t really care what brand it is,” he says. The technology can only move as fast as regulation will allow. Many governments are working away to unpick aspects of the Vienna and Geneva conventions that will let driverless cars on to the roads. Boland forecasts that will be done by the end of 2020 so his commercial service can go live in the first half of 2021. The key difference to some other developers is that Boland is not reliant on creating IT systems that have ingested miles and miles of road maps. Machine learning and so-called computer vision “allows us to dynamically recreate the world as we go, which means we don’t need to know within a centimetre where we are on a prior map – we know where the turn is because we can see it”. Where better to make it work than London, Europe’s largest city and a congestion hub, or as Boland puts it, “multiple vehicles in a complex urban environment”? Traffic in London Credit: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg So success here means FiveAI can export its technology anywhere? Not quite. “Getting something working in San Francisco is really not the same as getting it working in London because the road signs, topology, degraded markings and people’s behaviour are utterly different,” he says. That is where Boland hopes he can gain some edge over Uber, which has poured huge resource into capturing people and teams in this space but has mostly focused on US cities. The UK, and particularly Oxford, is a world leader in computer vision. Professor Andrew Blake, research director at the Alan Turing Institute, is an adviser to FiveAI and is “like the grandfather of a lot of this stuff”. Boland believes it is the people that will make the difference. Of the boffins working in this discipline at Oxford, half of the alumni have gone into industry but only one-fifth of those have found their way into British or European companies, Boland says. He wants to capitalise on domestic brainpower far more. “We have got great assets in terms of the talent that we educate and we have got access to capital. We ought to be able to configure them together and build meaningful world-class companies,” he says. “If you think who is actually going to do that it is probably people who have built one or two companies already and sold them and don’t feel they have to sell this one.” Boland has a long history of building companies Credit: Tom Pilston Boland’s track record for building companies only began when he was drafted in to save one. Twenty years ago he was appointed finance director of Acorn Computers, which for many British families had provided an early introduction to personal computing. Having fallen far from its peak, Boland discovered a “very confused” company. “It was massively loss-making when I arrived. It was consulting with Intel to help them build chips for set-top boxes, actually providing all the software and not asking for any money,” he says. Starting out at Rolls-Royce, Boland had an engineering background but also spent years in finance functions such as foreign exchange trading and then, particularly at ICL, Treasury, “which teaches you how to explain and convince people to back you to do certain things”. That was crucial when it came to talking Acorn’s board into spinning out its most successful division, Arm. It was the beginning of the end for Acorn as Boland, now chief executive, hived off its TV set-top box assets to Pace Micro and entreated Morgan Stanley to bid for what was left. He scraped together a division that had some interesting technology to power high-speed broadband and raised a little venture capital money to fund a team of engineers in Bristol. Little over a year later, the renamed Element14 was snapped up by US giant Broadcom for a headline price of $640m. Uber has poured money into driverless technology “The job of setting up a company is obviously to get yourself into a space where what you are doing is solving a real problem and is recognised globally as doing that. It is a second choice really of whether inevitably that leads you to selling that company to a foreign buyer,” he says. In the case of Element14, the Broadcom offer was “ridiculously high”. With his second venture, Icera, whose chips let smartphones connect more efficiently to networks under pressure from heavy data usage, he held out for longer, and a third he ran, Neul, was gobbled down by Chinese telecoms kitmaker Huawei. Money hasn’t changed him, he says, offering the evidence that he still drives a VW Golf. “It definitely happens to be the case that for the last two or three companies I have been involved with we have managed to find the hotspot and build the team that was executing at a global level. I think a lot of start-up companies don’t necessarily figure out how to do that,” he says. He warms to the theme. While praising one or two ventures in his field, he says: “The UK ambition for these companies is just a bit short of where it should be. That is partly down to the lack of confidence of entrepreneurs and partly a lack of confidence among investors. Somehow each has got to encourage the other to build bigger things.” So how is that likely to happen? He shrugs. “I just think cojones really.” In revving up to take on Uber, that is not something Boland can be said to lack.  Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn Related Topics Uber Driverless cars London ARM Holdings Artificial Intelligence Motoring Show more Galleries Gallery 02 Jun 2017, 4:30pm Gallery: Nine things you could buy with this week's £131m EuroMillions jackpot Gallery 30 May 2017, 6:46pm Gallery: Ten things you didn't know you could do on Amazon Gallery 26 May 2017, 4:15pm Gallery: Apple Park: Apple's new 'spaceship' campus - in pictures Business latest 05 Jun 2017, 12:01am Another slice of Domino's Pizza set for London listing 05 Jun 2017, 12:01am Manufacturers shrug off economic fears as export orders continue to flow 04 Jun 2017, 10:27pm The week ahead in business and finance 04 Jun 2017, 10:19pm SEGRO to embark on major development programme 04 Jun 2017, 10:13pm Big business eyes collaboration to combat dearth of innovation 04 Jun 2017, 10:01pm BMI Regional ‘actively considering’ replacing quarter of fleet with larger craft 04 Jun 2017, 9:55pm Comment: Trump is correct: German surplus is bad news for everybody else Roger Bootle Premium 04 Jun 2017, 9:01pm Global recovery drives World Bank triple growth upgrade for UK economy 04 Jun 2017, 7:22pm AO World set to reveal consumer confidence at annual results 04 Jun 2017, 7:06pm Italy faces borrowing shock when ECB removes support, warns Pimco 04 Jun 2017, 7:00pm Car industry hopes for recovery after sales plunge on new tax on emissions  04 Jun 2017, 6:58pm Mars bars, Ford GT40s and David Brent: The Slough Trading Estate as it nears 100   04 Jun 2017, 6:29pm Biometric data and fingerprint scans could help India get its records straight 04 Jun 2017, 6:11pm Ex-soldiers on civvy street back at the controls for Army helicopter training 04 Jun 2017, 2:20pm Ocado finally strikes first overseas deal 03 Jun 2017, 7:45pm Theresa May wins over economists as Corbyn risks taking UK 'back to the 1970s' 02:28 03 Jun 2017, 7:44pm General election 2017: City braced for market jitters 03 Jun 2017, 7:44pm British Airways owner IAG urged to add IT experts to board 03 Jun 2017, 7:44pm Brexit boosts BT pension fund assets by £7bn 03 Jun 2017, 7:30pm Investor warns Tesco its backers disapprove of Booker takeover 03 Jun 2017, 7:30pm Price comparison site Kelkoo takes Google to High Court over abuse of search dominance Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 2h 11m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 2h 20m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 2h 21m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 3h 21m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 4h 39m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 4h 39m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 5h 10m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 5h 31m ago view all   Hillary Clinton would ‘love’ to hike the PCT with Cheryl Strayed By Alicia Cohn - 06/03/17 11:15 AM EDT 192   © Getty Images Pacific Crest Trail hiker and “Wild” author Cheryl Strayed invited former Democrat presidential candidate Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonFive things lawmakers want to know from Comey Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave spotlight Huckabee: 'Hillary needs to get over herself' MORE to hike the PCT with her this summer.   "That would be great," Clinton said, speaking at the Book Expo of America in New York City on Thursday. "I would love that."   ADVERTISEMENT   Strayed interviewed Clinton on stage about her new, as-yet-untitled book of essays about her failed 2016 bid for the presidency.    Strayed suggested Clinton call the book “Really Wild,” a play on the title of Strayed’s best-selling memoir “Wild.”   “We'll do a whole publicity campaign on the Pacific Northwest Trail,” Strayed suggested, according to Publishers Weekly.   "We'll set up pop-up bookstores along the trail!" Clinton joked.   Clinton reportedly did some hiking in the Chappaqua, New York area during the weeks after her election loss, including memorably running into a few voters who snapped photos with her on the trail. Strayed is known for writing a memoir about hiking for six months to recover from her grief over her mother’s death.   Clinton told Strayed that writing her book has been “a really personal, deep experience,” “an emotional catharsis” and “very painful.”   “That’s why it’s such an incredible experience to try and write it,” she said. “It’s not only good for my mental health, it’s important for us to come to grips for what we need to do for the country in the future.”   The interview took place at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, where Clinton’s campaign gathered on election night in November 2016 intending to celebrate her victory in the presidential race.    Tags Hillary Clinton Wild Pacific Crest Trail   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 1,249 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 792 Shares 3 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 369 Shares 4 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 335 Shares 5 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 294 Shares 6 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 242 Shares 7 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 186 Shares 8 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 174 Shares 9 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 174 Shares 10 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 139 Shares 11 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 125 Shares 12 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 104 Shares 13 Trump reignites debate over travel... President Trump this weekend reignited the debate over his travel ban... 91 Shares 14 London mayor: I have more... London mayor Sadiq Khan's spokesperson responded to criticism from... 73 Shares 15 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 69 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Just In 41mins One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 1hr Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack Army pays tribute to jawans killed in convoy attack in J&K Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally on Wall St. continue? Share On JUST IN 41mins One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 1hr Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack Army pays tribute to jawans killed in convoy attack in J&K Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Business Business As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally on Wall St. continue? Reuters NEW YORK, June 03, 2017 19:25 IST Updated: June 03, 2017 19:34 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Reuters NEW YORK, June 03, 2017 19:25 IST Updated: June 03, 2017 19:34 IST more-in The technology sector has risen about 20% so far in 2017 Technology shares have led U.S. stocks to record highs and are expected to continue to rise, but as market value becomes concentrated in the largest companies, some are beginning to look for the next rally leader. The technology sector of the S&P 500 has risen roughly 20% so far in 2017, led by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft. The only other company with comparable gains in market value this year is Amazon, a market darling not in the tech sector despite being a big player in cloud services and data storage. “These are the dominant players in their specific spaces and the hottest areas in tech,” said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company, highlighting their exposure to the cloud and artificial intelligence. “You will continue to see money flowing into those names. People want to be exposed to the hottest areas,” he said. Active funds have continued to throw their money behind the leaders with a record overweight on the technology sector, according to BofA/Merrill Lynch data going back to 2008. But more than a third of the 2017 gains in the S&P 500 have come from these five companies, and the concentration of the advance has some investors jittery. “Given how significant the (large cap) leadership has been year to date, I kind of think you need to find another group to produce that leadership,” said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein. ‘Five horsemen’ Echoing Dell, Cisco, Intel and yes, Microsoft itself, the leaders of the Y2K tech boom, these new “five horsemen” have added more than $612 billion in value to the stock market this year. Their 2017 gains alone could buy the 85 smallest companies of the S&P 500. Their combined value, near $3 trillion, is not far from the market value of all the other components of the Nasdaq 100. This tech rally has come hand in hand with heightened expectations for profits. Investors are currently paying $18.50 for every $1 in earnings expected over the next 12 months in the sector, compared to the more than $40 they paid during the dot-com bubble and even the $20-plus seen during the most recent market peak in 2007. Mr. Tierney bets beyond tech on healthcare. Post a Comment More In Industry Business Related Articles << Previous Story GST Council set to discuss July 1 deadline Next Story >> States agree to GST rollout from July 1 Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 5, 2017 9:07:35 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/as-large-cap-gets-larger-can-the-tech-rally-on-wall-st-continue/article18713971.ece © The Hindu Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Some are bullish on the healthy global economic outlook Reuters Top Picks in The Hindu today Visakhapatnam is sitting on a pollution bomb RTI unearths a hidden wedding Women to get combat role in Army What to expect at Apple’s 2017 developers' conference Faster, higher, smoother Google doodles Nutan’s expressions Google to pay $200,000 in hunt for Android bugs Four jawans scale Everest without oxygen support Fishermen try new nets for healthier oceans Radiohead revive old song ‘I Promise’, augur 3-track LP OKNOTOK Close X Next Story >> States agree to GST rollout from July 1 CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 1 Huge Winner From Apple Inc.'s Next iPhone This successful Apple supplier looks to extend its winning streak by boosting its dollar content inside the next iPhone. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jun 3, 2017 at 9:30AM In just a few months, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to launch three new iPhone models -- direct successors to the current iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones that are currently in the market as well as a more premium model packed with interesting features and functionality that won't be present in the "standard" models. There have been many unofficial leaks about the new iPhone models, indicating some of the new features and functionality that'll be in the phones as well as potential supply chain winners in the new phone. Image source: Apple. In this column, I'd like to go over a confirmed winner from Apple's next-generation iPhone models: Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO). A big content increase Here are three clear ways that an Apple supplier can benefit from the ramp up of a next-generation iPhone: Share gain: Apple often has multiple suppliers for a given iPhone component, a practice that lowers Apple's risk while at the same time giving it bargaining power. One way that a supplier can boost its Apple-related business performance, then, is to increase its share of Apple's orders for a given component. Content growth: With each generation, Apple adds more features and capabilities to its phones. If a component supplier can provide Apple with differentiated components that add substantial new features, there's a chance that it can get paid extra for that component relative to what it provided into a prior-generation phone. Broad iPhone growth: To the extent that a next-generation iPhone outsells the previous one in the marketplace, a component vendor that has managed to keep its share (as a percentage of total new iPhone units shipped) and dollar content flat should enjoy revenue growth. Given that the upcoming iPhone models are, in aggregate, widely expected to outsell their predecessors, investors in Apple suppliers should already expect reasonable year-over-year growth in component revenue. What's interesting, though, is that Broadcom CEO Hock Tan signaled on the company's June 1 earnings call that the company expects the next-generation flagship smartphone from its "large North American smartphone customer" to drive "a substantial increase in [Broadcom's] total dollar content" from what he says are the eight Broadcom products that will be in the device. What does this content increase mean for the consumer? The "substantial increase" in Broadcom dollar content in the new iPhone likely means that the new device will see significant improvements in both cellular capabilities as well as a boost in Wi-Fi/Bluetooth capability. It also appears to confirm the rumors that Apple will use a Broadcom wireless charging solution. In terms of cellular capabilities, I expect that the main addition will be carrier aggregation on the uplink, which should translate into faster upload speeds. Given that the new devices will likely use Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) XMM 7480 modem for some models and a Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) MDM9645 for others, I don't expect an improvement in peak download speeds from the 450 megabits per second that the iPhone 7/7 Plus are capable of. As far as Wi-Fi/Bluetooth capability is concerned, the same source (research from J.P. Morgan) that suggested that the new iPhone models would use a Broadcom-based wireless charging solution also claims that the new iPhone will support Bluetooth 5.0 connectivity. I wouldn't be surprised, then, to see Apple adopt the same Broadcom connectivity chip that's currently used in the Galaxy S8 (which includes Bluetooth 5.0 capability). All told, this increase in content means better wireless performance (always a plus for a device that's so heavily dependent on connectivity to be useful) and wireless charging, which, if implemented correctly, could be a convenient feature. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom Ltd and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jun 3, 2017 at 9:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.32 up $0.20 (0.55%) Broadcom Ltd NASDAQ:AVGO $254.53 up $19.94 (8.50%) Read More Key Takeaways From Broadcom Ltd.'s Earnings Call Broadcom Limited Boosts Dividend, Long-Term Margin Target If You Love Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., You Should Check Out Broadcom Ltd. Broadcom Ltd Already a Big Winner From the Upcoming iPhone 7 What to Watch When Broadcom Reports Earnings Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 1 Huge Winner From Apple Inc.'s Next iPhone @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $INTC, $AVGO
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path BlueApron ChromeAdBlocking EssentialVsGalaxyS8 ParisClimateDeal HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Apple WWDC 2017: What to Expect Apple WWDC 2017: What to Expect By Matthew Buzzi June 3, 2017 10 Comments Check out the most prominent rumors and speculation about WWDC ahead of Monday's keynote. Apple's annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) kicks off Monday in San Jose, where we expect to hear about the new versions of iOS and MacOS, and perhaps One More Thing. We'll have hands-on coverage from the event floor that day, but for now, here are some of the most prominent rumors and likely announcements making the rounds in the lead up to the keynote. iOS 11 and MacOS 10.13 The only true surefire bets for WWDC are new versions of Apple's mobile and computer software platforms. Most Apple consumers will end up with some or all of the announced features depending on which products they use, and developers are eager to hear what they'll have to work with, so these will be the stars of the show. Expect the usual updates to core apps like Safari and Mail, with productivity enhancements across the board. Exact feature additions will read more like a wish list since little is known or confirmed currently, but maybe we'll see announcements like conference calls in FaceTime. Improvements for watchOS and tvOS should also be on display, mainly in the form of more integration into the two main platforms. Increased Siri functionality and unification across the platform might play a big part in the conference, too, especially if the next rumor turns out to be true. Siri Speaker Apple's answer to Alexa (and more recently, Google Home) has been long expected, and it seems like this could be the year we finally see one. Whether this is something consumers are itching for remains to be seen—no doubt many interested in a voice assistant have given in and purchased an Amazon Echo or Google Home by now, but the Apple ecosystem could be enough of an incentive to buy. Either way, Bloomberg reports that a Siri speaker has already entered production, so there's a good chance we see it on Monday. That said, Apple could wait to debut the speaker later in the year, which would be closer to its expected shipping date. If reports are true, it will differentiate itself from the Echo and Google Home with features like virtual surround and, as mentioned, integration with the already ubiquitous lineup of Apple products in millions of homes. MacBook and MacBook Pro Refreshes The standard MacBook and MacBook Pro lines were given some love in 2016 with modest redesigns and, in the case of the Pro, the introduction of the Touch Bar. As such, any announcements about these two lines at WWDC will likely include minor component updates, such as the latest generation Intel processors, rather than major physical or feature changes. There have been some industry rumblings to support this speculation, but it may turn out this traditionally software-focused event saves its MacBook overhaul for a product that might need it a little more attention. New MacBook Air? The Air remains an all-time favorite laptop for many, despite Apple's relatively infrequent updates to the line. It's appealing as the cheapest (comparatively) entry in Apple's laptop line, and did not receive the 2016 refresh its counterparts did. An "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" approach makes some sense here, but the most recent MacBook Air was released in 2015, and if Apple skips another upgrade, 2018 is an awfully long wait in computer time. If it does arrive, expect a USB-C only approach, since even the "thicker" 2016 MacBook dropped the larger standard USB ports. The 1,440-by-900-display resolution would almost definitely receive a boost, since it was already on the low side in 2015, and its great battery life may very well creep even closer to 20 hours. Refined iPad Pro If the existing 9.7- and 12.9-inch iPad Pro models don't do it for you, how does something in the middle sound? Thanks in part to analyst expectations (as reported by Mac Rumors), there's plenty of buzz suggesting a 10.5-inch iPad Pro will be revealed at WWDC that similar in size to the 9.7-inch model. The extra screen space will be made possible by much thinner bezels—nearly edge-to-edge—so that Apple can fit a larger screen in a smaller body. In fact, it may replace the 9.7-inch version altogether, since it's essentially the same size with a bigger display. Odds are this won't be the only upgrade: The usual component updates like better cameras, a new processor, and maybe a new Apple Pencil would fill out the rest of this announcement. Back to top Previous : Astronauts Performed an Unscheduled Spacewalk Today By Matthew Buzzi Matthew Buzzi is a junior analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Matthew graduated from Iona College with a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism. He interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming. He has written about technology and video game news, as well as hardware and gaming reviews. In his free time, he likes to go out with friends, watch and discuss sports, play video games, read too much Twitter, and obsessively manage any fantasy sports leagues he's involved in. More » More Stories by Matthew Logitech MX Anywhere 2S The Logitech MX Anywhere 2 is a well-built, versatile mouse that lives up to its name with a travel-... More » LG gram 14 (2017) The LG gram 14 is a super-light, speedy laptop with top-notch battery life. It lacks that luxury fee... More » Huawei MateBook X The MateBook X is a promising super-thin laptop with a smart metal design. Port limitations aside, i... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Jun 052017 E- Edition Newspaper Jun 05, 2017 Last Updated at 06:37 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Omanis warned post terror attacks Water shortage in parts of Oman Oman extends visa ban Oman is the 5th most peaceful country in the MENA region, study says Seven killed in London attacks Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Oman education: Indian schools’ pupils impress in CBSE exam Oman weather: Sultanate better prepared to tackle cyclones Call to cut delay in investment projects in Oman ‘UK will overcome attack’ Omanis in London believe Indian School Al Mabella excel in Class X Examinations   OmanPride: Omani filmmaker loves doing charity for a worthy cause OmanPride: Iftar is a sacred occasion OmanPride: When it comes to helping there’s never a no OmanPride: ‘I Wish’ fulfilling little wishes of cancer patients OmanPride: Ramadan is a time for giving and sharing Ramadan Images of worship: Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque Good deed of the day: Thank your parents Ramadan food: 5 fully-loaded toasts of the day Ramadan rituals reflect community traditions Fruits and vegetables shortage hits Oman markets World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Venezuela eyes assembly vote in July; man set ablaze dies Government plans to reinforce IT law to curb cyber crimes: Prasad BJP-RSS want to thrust one idea; opposition will defeat them: Rahul Comey to be pressed on whether Trump interfered with Russia probe India test-fires quick reaction surface-to-air short range missile Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Oman Drydock discusses strategy with potential suppliers Airbus plans major presence at the forthcoming Paris Air Show Omantel provides world-class technology and telecom services at airports Muscat's bourse reconstitutes general index Oman shares open week on a negative note Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Cricket: India thrash Pakistan by 124 runs in Champions Trophy Tennis: 'Kiki' Mladenovic downs Muguruza as impressive run continues Tennis: Venus Williams exits French Open after Bacsinszky defeat Tennis: King of errors Raonic stumbles out of French Open Tennis: Wozniacki closer to erasing unwanted asterisk next to her name Opinion Endgame in Libya or not? World Environment Day The power of mini-grids A sustainable economy for the Arab world New paths for leadership in international development Technology Times movie review: Sachin Tendulkar, A Billion Dreams 4 precise points to look for in the perfect PC Times Digital Download: Mass Effect Andromeda Oman technology: All about Poweramp 3 steps to becoming a savvier online shopper Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography 3 tips when buying a used car Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar's next We've not achieved even 10 per cent of Rajesh Khanna's stardom: Salman Oman wellness: Innovative tools in modern dental practice Oman wellness: Healthy fasting for children   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Oman dining: Iftar buffet at the Sheraton Hotel in Muscat Fasting tips for beginners (Ramadan Week 1) Oman dining: Swahili recipes for Ramadan 4 things you should be doing in Ramadan Heroes of Arabia: Queen Zenobia TimesTV Global 'Paris was a bunch of words' WH defends Paris exit June 3, 2017 | 2:58 PM x   Sharelines 'Paris was a bunch of words' WH defends Paris exit 'Paris was a bunch of words' WH defends Paris exit The White House Friday defending the president's decision to pull the U.S. from the Paris accord, saying it hurt American interests, while dodging any questions about Trump's position on climate change. The White House Friday defending President Trump's decision to pull the U.S. out of the global Paris agreement to fight climate change. We've lead with action, not words. Paris, truly, Paris at its core was a bunch of words committed to a very, very minimal environmental benefit and cost this country a substantial amount of money." But neither EPA chief Scott Pruitt nor Sean Spicer, could answer whether the president even believes in climate change. "I answered the question a couple of times." Trump announced the withdrawal from the historic deal on Thursday, saying that participating in the pact would undermine the U.S. economy. White House officials portraying the agreement as a conspiracy to weaken American industry. "The world applauded when we joined Paris. And you know why? I think they applauded because they knew it would put this country at an economic disadvantage." The exit prompting a mix of dismay and anger across the world. The European Union and China warned Trump on Friday he was making a major error by withdrawing from the pact. A number of business and industry figures criticized Trump's decision, including heads of Disney, GE, Citibank, Facebook, Twitter, Amazon, Microsoft, Tesla, Uber, Intel and Google, while others focused on what it might mean to their trade. Germany's powerful car industry said Europe would need to reassess its environmental standards to remain competitive after the "regrettable" U.S. decision. As for the market, crude fell 1 percent on Friday, heading for a second straight week of losses, on worries that the U.S. withdrawing from Paris could ultimately result in an overabundance of oil production. < Previous PageNext Page > STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in TimesTV Oman extends visa ban Oman is the 5th most peaceful country in the MENA region, study says Seven killed in London attacks Gallery Recommended for you Omanis warned post terror attacks Water shortage in parts of Oman PREVIOUS ARTICLE WATCH: Driving in the Omani desert NEXT ARTICLE California to lead state level movement to ignore Trump climate exit Oman #OmanPride Ramadan World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Research Hub Tweet   Global Database Encryption Market Trend and Precise Outlook forecasted for 2017-2022 The global database encryption competition analysis is done by players that commence with the market size (2016 & 2017) and concludes with competitive status and trend for the players reported.   Market Research Hub (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 03, 2017 ) Database being the treasure of any organization has to be protected as it may have customers personal details and confidential competitive information. The perfect measure to protect database is database encryption, which seems to be gaining momentum since the past few years. Moreover, the data on the cloud is also accelerating the market of database encryption. To further elaborate the topic, Market Research Hub (MRH) has added a report titled as Global Database Encryption Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 to its vast database. The researched report has analyzed the database encryption market which is forecasted till 2022 for different geographical regions highlighting various market factors. Request Free Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1104877 The research commences with the industry overview of the database encryption with the product scope and market status & outlook. It has segmented the market by various regions, product type, and application/end-user. Seeing the geographical scale the study compares the database encryption market size (2012-2017) and analyzed market size & market share by players (2016 and 2017). The regions in the report that are compared include the United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. The product type accessed in the report are column level encryption, file-system encryption, application-level encryption, transparent/external database encryption and other. The featured application/end-user estimated in the study are BFSI, telecommunication & IT, government and public sector, retail and e-commerce, aerospace & defense, healthcare and other. Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-database-encryption-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022-report.html Further, the global database encryption competition analysis is done by players that commence with the market size (2016 & 2017) and concludes with competitive status and trend for the players reported. The top players listed in the report are IBM Corporation, Intel Security (Mcafee), Microsoft Corporation, Symantec Corporation, Netapp Inc., Gemalto, Oracle Corporation, Sophos Ltd and Hewlett-Packard Development Company. In the next segment, the report forecasts the market by region, type, and application for 2017-2022. The market opportunities, challenges & risk including competition from opponents and downside risks of the economy are briefed and finally, market constraints and threat comprising threat from substitute, government policy, and technology risks are also listed. Lastly, the market driving force and market effect factors are featured with driving force comprising growing demand from emerging markets and potential application. The report finally, concludes with the briefing of market effect factors and various tables & figures that showcase the present and forecasted database encryption market for discussed regions, type, application and top players. About Market Research Hub: Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRHs expansive collection of ICT Market Research Reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Details: 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Contact Information: Market Research Hub Sudip S Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Optical Interconnect Market by Application, Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Optical Interconnect Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Optical Interconnect Market is accounted for $3.79 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $13.52 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 19.9% from 2015 to 2022. Growing demand for data security, increasing communication bandwidth and rising mobile cloud computing applications are adding up towards the development of the market across the globe. However, huge investment and sluggish commercialization of optical interconnection related technologies are some restraints restricting the market size. Moreover, the future opportunity for the market lies in growing demand for higher ethernet speed and comprehensive attempt to develop connectivity's. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/optical-interconnect-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 North America commanded the largest market share in the global market due to vast internet penetration. In addition, existence of massive internet based business like Google and Facebook among others have been a major growth driver for the market in this region. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to rising technological advancements. Some of the key players participating in this market include Lumentum Holdings Inc., Fujitsu Ltd., Amphenol FCI (AFCI), Broadcom Limited, Acacia Communications Inc., Molex, LLC, Finisar Corporation, Infinera Corporation, Juniper Networks, Inc., TE Connectivity Ltd., Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd., Oclaro, Inc., Mellanox Technologies, Ltd., Dow Corning and Intel Corp. Applications Covered: - Telecommunication - Data Communication o High-Performance Computing (HPC) o Data Center Fiber Modes Covered: - Single-Mode Fiber - Multi-Mode Fiber o Graded Index Multi-Mode Fiber o Step Index Multi-Mode Fiber Interconnect Levels Covered: - Metro & Long Haul Optical Interconnect - Chip- & Board-Level Interconnect - Board-To-Board and Rack-Level Optical Interconnect Products Covered: - Optical Engines - Silicon Photonics - Optical Transceivers - Connectors o MPO/MTP Connectors o SC Connectors o ST Connectors o LC Connectors - Cable Assemblies o Multi-Source Agreement o Outdoor Cable Assemblies o Active Optical Cables o Outdoor Cable Assemblies - PIC-Based Interconnects - Free Space Optics, Fiber and Waveguides Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001565040/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 11 Company Profiling 11.1 Lumentum Holdings Inc. 11.2 Fujitsu Ltd. 11.3 Amphenol FCI (AFCI) 11.4 Broadcom Limited 11.5 Acacia Communications Inc. 11.6 Molex, LLC 11.7 Finisar Corporation 11.8 Infinera Corporation 11.9 Juniper Networks, Inc. 11.10 TE Connectivity Ltd. 11.11 Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd. 11.12 Oclaro, Inc. 11.13 Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. 11.14 Dow Corning 11.15 Intel Corp. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001565040/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement × Welcome! Please log in or register to continue Login Forgot Password? Do not have an account? Create an account × Create Account Given/First name: Last/Family/Surname: Register Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Energywise Energy Policy U.S. Tech Titans Vow to Resist Trump's Paris Pullout By Peter Fairley Posted 2 Jun 2017 | 16:00 GMT Win McNamee/Getty Images U.S. President Donald Trump’s Rose Garden declaration yesterday that he will pull the country out of the Paris Agreement on climate change painted the United States as an economic victim, swindled into an “unfair” deal by the global community. He is right that the world is united: Nearly 200 countries back the 2015 Paris deal, with only Syria, Nicaragua and now the U.S. opting out. But fact checkers had a field day with Trump's justification: his claim (against all evidence to the contrary) that the treaty imposes “onerous energy restrictions” on the U.S. that would beget “lost jobs, lowered wages, shuttered factories, and vastly diminished economic production.”  Nicaragua opted to stay out because it viewed the treaty's reliance on voluntary national pledges rather than binding greenhouse gas reduction targets as “a path to failure” that would allow human-caused global warming in this century to surpass the agreed limit of 1.5 to 2 degrees Celsius. Trump said yesterday he would keep the U.S. in the Paris deal only if he can renegotiate it to be weaker still, though his language belied a lack of conviction. “If we can, that’s great. If we can’t, that's fine,” equivocated Trump. The President's retreat from one the great technological challenges of the 21st Century marked a sad day for America’s innovation leaders, and a breaking point for Elon Musk. The tech titan behind such fast-growing engineering powerhouses as Tesla Motors and SpaceX insisted on Tuesday that he had worked mightily, both directly with the President and through his membership on three Presidential economic councils, to convince Trump to stick with Paris. Within minutes of Trump’s speech yesterday, Musk tweeted that he was pulling himself from Team Trump: Here are three reasons why such resistance to the U.S. retreat from climate action makes sense: (1) Climate change science is solid and scary, (2) U.S. emissions are huge, and (3) ducking a global technological challenge is not in the interest of a technological powerhouse. Reasons (1) and (2) were left unacknowledged yesterday by both Trump and his EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt, who spoke briefly after the President. Scientists continue to struggle to specify precisely how much warming and disruption will result from a given atmospheric concentration of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane. However, there is a very strong consensus that human activity is the primary force shifting Earth's climate. And those shifts come with myriad risks, including coastal flooding, aggravated international disputes, and acidified oceans.  There is similarly little debate left about America’s responsibility for the climate change threat facing the world community. The U.S. pumps out greenhouse gases at a rate second only to China, and remains the world’s biggest climate polluter historically thanks to CO2’s roughly 100-year atmospheric lifespan. U.S.-generated greenhouse gases caused one-fifth of the 1.1 degree C rise in global temperature since the Industrial Revolution, and the U.S. alone will likely warm the entire planet by an extra 0.5 C by 2100 if its emissions do not drop as pledged at Paris, according to modeling commissioned by the Associated Press.  Climate Change Explained: @AP Science Writer Seth Borenstein (@borenbears) breaks down the role of U.S. emissions in warming the planet. pic.twitter.com/WINlLCgsJA — The Associated Press (@AP) June 1, 2017 The third reason for forging on with Paris-level climate action, despite Trump's treaty rejection, centers around U.S. industries, which Donald Trump is counting on to create jobs. Globally-successful U.S.-based businesses—be they Silicon Valley startups or mainstays such as General Electric and Westinghouse — have science and engineering in their corporate DNA. Their leaders recoil at the notion that U.S. business can not compete in a global technology challenge such as the move towards low-carbon energy systems.  Hundreds of major corporations spoke out in recent months urging Trump to stay in Paris. ExxonMobil CEO Darren Woods made a last ditch effort this week at the firm’s annual meeting, saying an orderly process for addressing climate change is in Exxon's best interest. Woods is facing pressure from global investors, who passed a resolution (over the board's objection) calling on Exxon to provide more disclosure on climate-related economic risks.  Many CEOs spoke up again yesterday in addition to Musk, including Apple's Tim Cook, Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg and Google’s Sundar Pichai as well as Jeff Immelt, GE's chairman. Immelt tweeted: “Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Intel issued a statement saying, “Climate change is a real issue, and we firmly believe that the US should continue to participate in the Paris Climate Accord.” The statement said Trump's withdrawal would not change their investments in renewable energy, which are ramping up across corporate America. Intel is the top consumer of renewable energy in the U.S., securing 3.4 million megawatt-hours during a recent 12 month period—enough to meet 100 percent of its power needs according to EPA. Microsoft secured 3.3 million MWh, also meeting 100 percent of its power demand. Other companies including Apple, General Motors, and Wal-Mart are committed to reaching 100 percent renewable power through an alliance called the RE100. The median target date to hit 100 percent is 2024.  Outspoken attitudes and carbon-cutting action from companies such as GM and Wal-Mart show climate consciousness to be well ahead of what President Trump assumed in his discourse yesterday. Take Pittsburgh, which the President called out, declaring: “I was elected to serve the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris.” But today's Pittsburgh is not the dirty-energy poster child in need of protection from global greenies that Trump evoked.   Pittsburgh's age of coal mines and spurting oilfields has given way to a hub of energy innovation (thanks to Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh). It is also a hotbed for natural gas production via the hydraulic fracturing technology, helping to supply the cheap and comparatively clean-burning fuel that is shuttering U.S. coal-fired power plants and trimming U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.  The city is working towards a 20 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2023 (compared with 2003 levels). Mayor Bill Peduto made it clear yesterday that he did not welcome Trump’s shout out to his city, tweeting: “As the Mayor of Pittsburgh, I can assure you that we will follow the guidelines of the Paris Agreement for our people, our economy & future.”  Learn More renewable energy Paris Agreement Donald Trump smart grid clean tech climate change cleantech Paris Accord demand response climate science Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Energywise IEEE Spectrum’s energy, power, and green tech blog, featuring news and analysis about the future of energy, climate, and the smart grid. Subscribe to RSS Feed   Contributor Peter Fairley British Columbia, Canada Contributor David Wagman Denver   Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the EnergyWise newsletter and get biweekly news on the power & energy industry, green technology, and conservation delivered directly to your inbox. Sign Up   Energy Energy Policy Defies Jobs-Versus-Environment Rhetoric Methane rules and the Paris Accord expose friction within the GOP and the Trump administration over climate and energy policy 15 May   Energy Consumers Express Community Values With Their Electricity Choices Values are personal, not necessarily logical, and when applied to electricity choices they can impact the market in unpredictable ways 11 May   Energy ARPA-E Survives Brush With Trump Administration Axe The incubator agency’s 2017 budget victory last week still says little about its fate in 2018 9 May Advertisement   Energy Energy Storage Rose From California Crisis A crisis that threatened Southern California's electric grid enabled energy storage to demonstrate its flexibility and rapid deployment 8 May   Energy How Much Does the U.S. Government Subsidize Electricity Generating Technologies? When considering only the portion of fossil fuel support that relates to electric power, renewables receive far more federal help 4 May   Energy Facing Threats, Nukes Work to Polish Their Green Cred Unfavorable market conditions are forcing some nuclear power plants to close, removing a carbon-free source of power from the U.S. grid. Plant operators are fighting back 18 Apr   Energy Will Earth’s Climate Get More Sensitive to CO2? Only Better Satellites Can Say A mathematical rethink suggests that carbon dioxide will warm Earth more in the future than it does today. But better satellites—such as those Trump wants to scrap—are needed to reduce climate uncertainty 17 Apr   Energy Commentary: Photo Ops with Coal Miners Offer No Substitute for Fact-Based Climate Policy The sweeping attack on climate action that President Trump demanded in his executive order is likely to prove but short-lived relief for coal miners who cheered him at the EPA 29 Mar   Energy Impact of Renewable Generation on Operational Reserves Requirement: When More Could Be Less How changes in regulations allowed wind power to increase in Texas without increasing operational reserves 23 Mar   Energy President Trump Needs an Engineering Adviser The new president could use advice from a practical problem solver 22 Mar   Energy Trump Dumps Climate Science and Innovation in 2018 Budget Blueprint President Donald Trump outlined a fiscal 2018 budget request that asks Congress to stamp out federal climate science and slash investment in energy innovation 17 Mar   Energy Is This Twilight for the Golden Age of Earth Observation? NASA’s new geosensing satellites may be on the chopping block. The timing could hardly be worse 9 Mar   Energy Full Cost of Electricity: Modeling Natural Gas Prices Offers Insight for Future Fuel Prices Market-calibrated forecasts for natural gas prices show historical trends, bode well for future updates with recent data sets 7 Mar   Energy How EPA Calculates the Cost of Environmental Compliance for Electricity Generators The EPA approaches this task differently for greenhouse gases than for other pollutants 23 Feb   Energy What Role Do Household Incomes Play in the Full Cost of Electricity? Texas, a microcosm of the United States, shows that many households spend a fair fraction of their income on electricity 14 Feb   Energy Congress to Curtail Methane Monitoring Deregulation actions by congressional Republicans may undercut innovative sensor technology by quashing methane detection at oil and gas sites 13 Feb   Energy NuScale Reactor Nears One Milestone, With More to Follow After 17 years, and reams of technical documents, regulators may now start the process of certifying the design 10 Feb   Energy Pressure on Japan’s Government to Revamp Country's Energy Mix Slow nuclear restart and lukewarm reception for electricity deregulation is forcing an energy mix rethink 10 Feb   Energy How Do We Estimate Transmission Costs for New Generation? Overlook the cost to move power to the detriment of your renewable energy project 8 Feb   Energy How to Predict a Utility’s Transmission and Distribution Costs: Count the Customers The number of customers found in a utility’s territory, not how much energy is delivered to them, is the best predictor of annual transmission, distribution, and administration costs 1 Feb Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2017 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2017 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Wall Street's Best Minds Time for a Chill Pill on Trump’s Climate Action The decision to pull the U.S. out of the Paris accord isn’t as momentous as critics claim. By Greg Valliere Biography June 2, 2017 2:14 p.m. ET So in four years President Trump may (or may not) pull the U.S. out of a deeply flawed, loophole-filled environmental pact that would have a negligible impact on climate change. And yet his opponents went postal yesterday. It’s “one of the most shameful acts in U.S. history,” David Gergen hyperventilated on CNN. Really? Compared to slavery or the internment of Japanese during World War II? Even though Trump’s action removes... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Surprising Threat to the American Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Jason Trennert: Trump Trade “Underpriced” Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 2 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 3 Should You Buy Bitcoin? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CLOSE Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Tenders/Bids Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos ​Hawks start probe into alleged sex abuse by pastor Rain, snow could bring welcome drought relief in Western Cape Zuma leave to appeal granted Fraud allegations behind MEC dismissal Pressing need to prevent abuse and humiliation of children, MEC Ramokgopa warns Monday, June 5, 2017 Careers Tenders/ Bids /Notice Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Tenders/Bids Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Anger as Trump announces US withdrawal from global climate deal June 2, 2017 0 25 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet President Donald Trump announced America’s shock withdrawal from the Paris climate accord Thursday, prompting a furious global backlash and throwing efforts to slow global warming into serious doubt. In a sharply nationalistic address from the White House Rose Garden, Trump announced the United States would immediately stop implementing the “bad” 195-nation accord. “I cannot, in good conscience, support a deal that punishes the United States,” he said, decrying the “draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country.” Trump repeatedly painted the pact — struck by his predecessor Barack Obama — as a deal that did not “put America first” and was too easy on economic rivals China, India and Europe. “I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris,” he said. “We don’t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore. And they won’t be.” Trump offered no details about how, or when, a formal withdrawal would happen, and at one point suggested a renegotiation could take place. “We’re getting out but we’ll start to negotiate and we will see if we can make a deal that’s fair. And if we can, that’s great. And if we can’t, that’s fine,” he said. That idea was unceremoniously slapped down by furious allies in Europe, who joined figures from around the United States and the world in condemning the move. “The agreement cannot be renegotiated,” France, Germany and Italy said in a joint statement. – ‘Reject the future’ – The United States is the world’s second largest emitter of greenhouse gases after China, so Trump’s decision could seriously hamper efforts to cut emissions and limit global temperature increases. Amid Trump’s domestic critics was Obama, who said the United States was “joining a handful of nations that reject the future.” Nicaragua and Syria are the only countries not party to the Paris accord, the former seeing it as not ambitious enough and the latter being racked by a brutal civil war. Hillary Clinton, Trump’s opponent in last year’s White House race, called the decision to pull out a “historic mistake.” “The world is moving forward together on climate change. Paris withdrawal leaves American workers & families behind,” she said in a tweet. The Democratic governors of New York, California and Washington states formed a quick alliance, vowing to respect the standards agreed on under the Paris deal. In New York, some major buildings, like the World Trade Center and City Hall, were lit green in solidarity with the climate agreement, echoing a move in Paris. With much of the implementation of the accord taking place at the local level, the Paris accord’s supporters hope the deal will be in hibernation rather than killed off entirely. Trump’s decision is likely to play well with the Republican base, with the more immediate damage on the diplomatic front. The US president called his counterparts in Britain, Canada, France and Germany to explain his decision. But traditional US allies were uncharacteristically blunt in their condemnation of the move, which comes amid already strained relationships with the hard-charging president. Germany said the US was “harming” the entire planet, and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called the decision “seriously wrong.” – Reality TV-style – Ever the showman, the 70-year-old Trump had given his decision a reality TV-style tease, refusing to indicate his preference either way until his announcement. Opponents of withdrawal — said to include Trump’s daughter Ivanka — had warned that America’s leadership role on the world stage was at stake, along with the environment. A dozen large companies including oil major BP, agrochemical giant DuPont, Google, Intel and Microsoft, had urged Trump to remain in the deal. Ultimately, the lobbying by Trump’s environmental protection chief Scott Pruitt and chief strategist Steve Bannon urging the president to leave won out. In the wake of the announcement, Tesla and SpaceX boss Elon Musk and Disney chief Robert Iger announced they would no longer take part in presidential business councils. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said. GE head Jeff Immelt said he was “disappointed” with the decision: “Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” – China pledge – White House officials acknowledged that under the deal, formal withdrawal may not take place until after the 2020 election. Hours ahead of Trump’s announcement, China’s Premier Li Keqiang pledged to stay the course on implementing the climate accord in a joint press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and urged other countries to do likewise. China has been investing billions in clean energy infrastructure, as it battles to clear up the choking pollution enveloping its cities. China and the US are responsible for some 40 percent of the world’s emissions and experts had warned it was vital for both to remain in the Paris agreement if it is to succeed. The leader of Asia’s other behemoth, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi — who is due to visit the White House shortly — has said failing to act on climate change would be “morally criminal.” – Mixed signals – Trump’s announcement comes less than 18 months after the climate pact was adopted in the French capital, the fruit of a hard-fought agreement between Beijing and Washington under Obama’s leadership. The Paris Agreement commits signatories to efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming, which is blamed for melting ice caps and glaciers, rising sea levels and more violent weather events. They vowed steps to keep the worldwide rise in temperatures “well below” two degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) from pre-industrial times and to “pursue efforts” to hold the increase under 1.5 degrees Celsius. -AFP simangele RELATED ARTICLES World Child stabbed to death at German refugee shelter World Philippine casino attacker a gambling addict, not terrorist: police World Terror strikes Britain yet again news Trump offers help on London attacks, touts need for travel ban news Militants plow van into London Bridge crowd, stab revelers, killing six NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. The New Age covers news from all nine provinces, along with national events, Op-Ed columns, politics, Africa and International news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle, science and technology. Popular Item On #ZumaMustFall, ZCC says don’t include us Full statement issued... Multiple cars stolen at Mall of Africa Multiple vehicles have... Right of Reply: Oakbay CEO responds to Floyd Shivambu South Africa has... Recent News ANC acts on Alliance feud THE ANC yesterday... Brian Molefe challanges his removal from Eskom Groundwork for Zuma removal on About Us Oakbay Investments Vision & Mission Terms & Conditions Designed by FutureTeQ © Copyright 2016 - The New Age
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek Sign In Subscribe To Newsweek Change Your Edition US International Middle East 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Sign In World Asian Markets Soar After Trump's Paris Withdrawal Announcement By Eleanor Ross On 6/2/17 at 4:29 AM Close World Asia Markets Finance trump Climate Change Paris Agreement Global Warming Donald Trump America United States China Japan South Korea Asian markets soared after U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew America from the landmark 2015 Paris Climate Agreement, with Japan’s base index, the Nikkei, closing at over 20,000 points for the first time in 18 months. All Asia’s major indexes closed in the green with South Korea’s base index, the Kospi, reaching a record high and closing up 1.16 percent. Taiwan’s Taiex had its best day since 2000, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was up 0.36 percent. Carmakers led gains in Japan as Mitsubishi Electric rose 5.4 percent and Yamaha Motor 4.8 percent. Nissan shares rose 2.71 percent and Honda 2.63 percent, CNBC reported. Subscribe to Newsweek from $1 per week Trump announced Thursday that the U.S. would withdraw from the agreement signed in 2015 by Barack Obama. America joins only Syria and Nicaragua. He said that he would be open to negotiating the deal but only it was fairer to U.S. interests. In the U.S., Wall Street saw a record close on Thursday, with markets boosted by the release of U.S. private payrolls data for May, which showed private companies added 253,000 jobs throughout the month. But U.S. manufacturing and energy companies will be concerned that the withdrawal will negatively impact the market for products that can cut greenhouse gas emissions. There are also concerns that businesses who remain in the accord could impose “retaliatory tariffs” on American companies, the FT reported. Companies including Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Intel took out an advert in U.S. newspapers Thursday warning that a U.S. withdrawal could limit access to markets focused on environmentally friendly technologies. David MacLennan, chief executive of Minnesota-based Cargill, the world’s leading agricultural commodities trader, told the FT: “Signing the accord means being a champion for US economic growth and job creation. If the US exits international accords like the Paris agreement it will negatively impact trade, economic vitality, the state of our environment and relationships among the world community.” Macron rejected any possibility of a renegotiation with Trump: “There are no more negotiations. There is no plan B. There is no planet B.” Chinese domestic markets remained unaffected, closing at 0.09 percent Friday. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories China: Trump's Paris Withdrawal is Global Setback Trump's Advisers Musk and Iger Quit Over Paris Decision Paris: Trump Misunderstood MIT's Climate Research Most Read © 2017 Newsweek LLC Sign up For The Newsletter About Us Corrections Contact Us Newsweek Media Group Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe June 02 Issue AI Will Cure America's Sick Health Care System Mislabeling Means Consumers Eat a Lot of Imposter Fish What Curing Deaf Mice's Hearing Means For Humans May 26 Issue Inside Putin’s Campaign to Destroy U.S. Democracy A Look Back at the Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper’s' at 50 Mother's Day Massacre May 19 Issue In Rural Siberia, the Hospital Comes to You Vive Le Centre? Macron’s Fight Is Only Just Beginning Why Johnny Can't Integrate May 12 Issue Why Jack Ma's Second Act Will Be Tougher Than His First Space: The Final Homework Frontier Trump’s Tax Cuts Ignore History and Arithmetic Browse Archives
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Everything You Need to Know About Getting a Business Loan Right Now Inc. Maria Aspan 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL ​Domain names 101 How to Build a Startup Business From Scratch in 2017 Applying for credit has gotten easier since the recession. What to know before you borrow. Load Error Need cash? Now might be a good time to apply for a small-business loan. It's a notoriously time-consuming and headache-inducing process, but it's gotten better since the recession: Banks are gradually lending more, a crop of online lenders are offering much more credit--at a price--and regulators have been looking for ways to make it easier for you to get a loan. Which is not to say it's completely easy or risk-free, especially if you're applying to one of the newer fintech lenders. INC. TODAY'S MUST READS: These Entrepreneurs Are Making Sure Cocktail Parties Are Never Awkward Again "Right now is actually quite a good time for small businesses to borrow, but getting a loan that works for you and is affordable and has terms you can understand is still a challenge," says Karen Mills, a former head of the Small Business Administration under President Obama and now a senior fellow at Harvard Business School. In November, Mills and Brayden McCarthy, vice president of strategy at online lending startup Fundera, published "The State of Small Business Lending: Innovation and Technology and the Implications for Regulation," a comprehensive look at the current market for small-business credit. What they found can help you figure out where to look for a loan, if and when you're ready to expand your business. The Slow, If Spotty, Recovery The number of small-business loans fell dramatically during the recession, as big banks cut off credit to customers they considered risky and many smaller and regional banks that once lent to local business owners shut their doors. It's better now. In 2016, eight years after the crash, 45 percent of small-business owners reported applying for credit, up from 22 percent in 2014, according to the Federal Reserve. As these two charts show, pessimism about the lending atmosphere is currently low--but getting all the money you need remains a problem. INC. TODAY'S MUST READS: Why Amazon and Intel Are Pouring Millions Into This Magic Armband Is Borrowing Harder or Easier? Businesses that regularly borrow money report changes in their ability to get credit versus three months prior.© Provided by Mansueto Ventures, LLC You're Still Not Getting Everything You Want The bigger your business, the more likely you are to get all the credit you apply for.© Provided by Mansueto Ventures, LLC > What You Ask For Almost 75 percent of small businesses apply for loans of $250,000 or less: INC. TODAY'S MUST READS: How to Create a Great Product Without Hiring a Team© Provided by Mansueto Ventures, LLC The Shifting Pool of Lenders Banks are probably never going to lend you all the money you need. For one thing, there are fewer of them--5,900 at the end of 2016 versus 8,500 at the end of 2007, according to the FDIC. Many of those that closed or got bought were the friendly local lenders that knew you and your business. Newer online lenders, including Lending Club, OnDeck, Kabbage, and Funding Circle, offer quick and easy loans, but sometimes at nosebleed interest rates. "As the online marketplace evolves, those [lenders] who succeed will be the ones that have access to low-cost capital and those who can best serve the small-business customer, creating products that fit their needs," Mills and McCarthy write. Where the Money's Moving Despite online lenders' growth, banks still receive the most small-business credit applications:© Provided by Mansueto Ventures, LLC > More Money, More Problems Customer satisfaction at online lenders is still pretty low, "in part due to high costs," Mills and McCarthy write. Customer satisfaction by lender type, according to the Federal Reserve:© Provided by Mansueto Ventures, LLC The Washington Wild Card For bank loans, don't expect big changes. It remains to be seen how the proposed rollbacks in crisis-era financial regulations will affect small-business lending (see "How Businesses Are Dealing with Washington's Unprecedented Uncertainty"). But Mills and other experts don't expect banks to change their risk-averse policies. Nor are the small banks that closed during the recession likely to return. Meanwhile, last year was a bumpy one for online lenders: Lending Club, the onetime standard-bearer of the online startups, fired its founder; rising interest rates made it more expensive for these startups to do business; and funding for the fintech sector has dropped off. Yet some regulatory measures could help expand online small-business lending, including an OCC proposal for a banklike charter for fintech lenders. Online Lending's Rapid Growth "Marketplace" lenders are companies that allow you to borrow money online, either directly from them or their institutional investors or from other individuals.© Provided by Mansueto Ventures, LLC Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 AdChoices AdChoices More from Inc. 3 Mindsets That Will Unlock Your Business To Its Full Potential Inc. 6 Ways to Boost Your Career Even If You Hate Your Job Inc. 8 Practical Tips for Finding the Summer Job (or Any Job) of Your Dreams Inc. Inc. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Smart Home & Gadgets Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With The Cardboard Holokit The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, And More Wonderful Toys Of The Week Mobile Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra: Australian Price And Availability Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Theresa May Calls For International Regulation Of Cyberspace In Wake Of Attacks Amazon Now Has Every Issue Of Omni, The Sci-Fi 'Magazine Of The Future' Everest Now Has Wi-Fi, So You Can Truly Netflix And Chill Science & Health NASA's Plan To Fill The Sky With Red And Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Al Gore's Sequel To An Inconvenient Truth Gets Recut For One Very Obvious Reason Construction Begins On ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, Will Not Have Death Lasers Despite Appearances Scientists Reignite 30-Year-Old Debate About Glass With New Calculation Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games 20 T-Rexes Fighting 10,000 Chickens Is All I Ever Wanted In A Jurassic Park Sequel Entertainment The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Uh, 'Sharknado 5: Global Swarming' Sounds Bonkers How 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Proved Marvel Could Do Anything Reach Out To The Truth In The Spoiler-Packed Doctor Who Discussion Thread Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks Michael Nunez Jun 3, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple feature ios 11 macbook macbook air macos siri video feature wwdc wwdc 2017 Share On Tuesday, Apple's annual developer conference, WWDC, kicks off, and that means we will soon learn more about the company's newest and most exciting products. This year, the event runs from June 5 to June 9 (June 6 to June 10 in Australia) and is expected to serve as the launching point for major updates to iOS and macOS, as well as some new hardware. Image: Apple This will be the first time in roughly 15 years that Apple will not be hosting the event at the Moscone West Convention Center in San Francisco. Instead, the event will take place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. We'll be on the ground at the conference, so be sure to check back for our coverage beginning Tuesday morning. There's plenty to be excited about this year, so let's dive right in. A new iPad Pro Image: Gizmodo / Alex Cranz WWDC is typically centred around software like iOS and macOS, but this year we're expecting some hardware too. The extremely credible KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says there's a good chance Apple will announce a new iPad Pro at this year's conference. The new iPad Pro is rumoured to have a 10.5-inch screen that will fit comfortably between the existing 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models. It will also reportedly feature a new design with slimmer bezels. There's no indication of exactly how much the new device will cost — but there's a very good chance it will be priced similarly to existing models (starting at about $850). Siri speaker Image: Apple The new iPad Pro isn't the only piece of hardware expected to debut at the conference. Kuo also predicts that Apple is planning to launch a smart speaker to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home. In a research note viewed by MacRumors, Kuo reportedly said there is "over [a] 50 per cent chance" that Apple will announce its new smart home speaker and begin selling them later in the year. Kuo said the speaker will likely produce excellent sound quality and will positioned for a higher end market (that is, it will be more expensive) than the Amazon Echo. Adding to swirling rumours, the extremely credible Bloomberg reporter Mark Gurman reported this week that Apple "started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker". Gurman reports that the speaker will differ from the Amazon Echo and Google home by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration into Apple products. The speaker will essentially serve as a hub to automate smart home devices through Apple's (currently underdeveloped) HomeKit platform. It will also help lock customers into Apple's walled garden as people begin to add more automation to their homes and subscribe to services like Apple Music. Gurman also reports that the speaker will have advanced acoustics that give it an edge over competing products such as the Echo and Google Home, and that Apple considered adding virtual surround sound technology similar to Sonos Trueplay. It will also have comparable hardware to the Sonos Play:5 according to Kuo's research note, which says the speaker will have one subwoofer, seven tweeters, and computing power similar to the iPhone 6/6S. By comparison, as Mac Observer points out, the Echo only has one woofer and one tweeter. The Sonos Play:5 only has three woofers and three tweeters. In short, the soon-to-be-announced Siri speaker sounds much more powerful than Google Home or Amazon Echo. New MacBook and MacBook Pros Image: Gizmodo / Alex Cranz It looks all-but-certain that we'll be getting a new MacBook lineup at the conference. French website Consomac is reporting that it found a Russian-language regulatory filing in the Eurasian Economic Commission database that points to at least five new models running macOS Sierra launching soon. In addition to the filing, Bloomberg reports Apple will be releasing a new MacBook lineup to stave off competition from Microsoft's striking new Surface Laptop. The new MacBook Pro will get a bump to the latest seventh-generation Intel Core processors, giving it a significant hardware boost. One of the more remarkable rumours is that Apple could revive the 12-inch and 13-inch MacBook Airs by giving them a nice hardware bump, according to Bloomberg. Analysts aren't expecting any major design changes to either the MacBook or MacBook Pro, but say the new MacBook Air could have a new look. John Gruber reported in April that Apple is working hard on a "completely rethought" Mac Pro with a modular design. The new design is supposed to accommodate high-end CPUs and GPUs, and make it easier for people to update the computer with new components on a regular basis. The company is also working on pro displays to ship with the new desktops. Unfortunately, Gruber reports that the next-gen Mac Pros "will not ship this year", meaning they likely will not make an appearance at WWDC. A first look at iOS 11 Image: Gizmodo Don't get your hopes up for new iPhone models. They probably aren't coming until later this year. What you can expect at WWDC, though, is a big focus on Apple's new mobile operating system, iOS 11. We don't know much about the OS ahead of the show, but we're expecting a bunch of updates that focus on artificial intelligence. A sketchy rumour from Israeli publication the Verifier suggests that Siri will add contextual learning and better integration into Apple services like iMessage and iCloud. Other updates to the operating system, according to 9to5Mac, could include features like group FaceTime, meaning that you'll be able to video conference multiple people from your phone. There's also a rumour that iMessage will add multi-person calls, making it easier to have up to five people join a single call. The most dramatic changes will be specifically tailored to the iPad. 9to5Mac reports that things such as multi-user login are to be added to the operating system, while other blogs like MacRumors suggest Apple is working on expanded Apple Pencil support for the iPad Pro. Updates to macOS, WatchOS and tvOS Last year, Apple decided to drop the "X" from its desktop operating system's name, instead calling it simply macOS. As part of the update, Apple started integrating even more iOS features into the desktop with things such as Siri for Mac and Apple Pay for the web. This year, we're expecting to see the second iteration of macOS (10.13), but there aren't any hard details about what exactly. We should also see updates to other operating systems including WatchOS for the Apple Watch and tvOS for the Apple TV, according to the Telegraph. This essentially means that every operating system in the Apple ecosystem will receive a significant update, and that seems like a reasonable expectation considering the event is specifically tailored to get developers excited about building apps for Apple products. As always, we'll be covering the conference as news breaks, so be sure to check back here June 6 to June 10 for more info about the latest updates. Comments cj_johnson @cj_johnson Jun 4, 2017, 8:05am I'm going to be pissed off if they update the mac to Kaby Lake only six months after the last gen. Way to screw your customers Apple. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 04 Jun 2017 6:30 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' Sidney Fussell 03 Jun 2017 1:00 PM On Wednesday, a US federal judge ruled that the sound emitted from the NYPD's Long Range Acoustic Devices -- portable sound cannons that blast noise -- could be considered a use of force, contrary to the police department's claims. The LRAD can blast sound as loudly as 136 decibels. That's louder than a jackhammer or a jet engine and above the 120 db threshold for immediate human hearing loss. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' 3 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn ScribbleTaku Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia 5 Useful Things To Do With Your Microwave Biotech Prima Biomed shares are going nuts 27 stunning images that were taken by Google Street View Australia's jobs market is strengthening but it's what happens next that matters most One of the Islamic extremists involved in London's terror attack reportedly tried to radicalise children © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World Sports Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts World Forges Ahead With Paris Climate Deal Without Donald Trump Donald Trump announced Thursday that his administration would immediately stop implementing the 195-nation Paris climate accord. World | Agence France-Presse | Updated: June 03, 2017 05:24 IST 94 Shares EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS US President Donald Trump pulled out the US out of the Paris climate deal. Brussels, Belgium:  The world forged ahead Friday with the Paris climate deal after President Donald Trump pulled the US out of the pact, triggering bitter condemnation from all corners of the globe. Trump announced Thursday that his administration would immediately stop implementing the 195-nation accord brokered by Barack Obama in 2015 in tandem with Chinese leaders. The European Union said it was increasing efforts with China, the world's biggest polluter, to galvanise global efforts to implement the deal while India vowed to stick to the pact regardless of the United States. Trump also faced a backlash at home where Democratic state governors, city mayors and powerful companies drew up plans to meet the pact's greenhouse gas emission targets. "Americans will honour and fulfill the Paris agreement by leading from the bottom up -- and there isn't anything Washington can do to stop us," former New York mayor and billionaire Michael Bloomberg said. However, Russian President Vladimir Putin spared Trump more withering criticism and urged the world to work with the New York tycoon on climate. In Brussels, European Council President Donald Tusk said the EU is "stepping up our cooperation on climate change with China" following a summit with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang.   But EU officials said the two sides failed to formally endorse a joint statement on the issue due to a lingering but separate trade row. Expressions of shock and regret poured in from around the world, including from Pacific islands at risk of being swallowed by rising seas, who accused Washington of "abandoning" them. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the EU's most powerful leader, pledged "more decisive action than ever" to protect the climate after Trump's "highly regrettable" decision. 'Nothing to renegotiate' In a nationalistic "America First" announcement from the White House Rose Garden, Trump said he was withdrawing from a UN-backed deal that imposes "draconian financial and economic burdens" on the United States while going too easy on economic rivals China, India and Europe. "We don't want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore. And they won't be." Trump offered no details about how, or when, a formal withdrawal would happen. At one point he suggested a renegotiation could take place, an idea that was unceremoniously slapped down by partners. "There is nothing to renegotiate here," EU climate commissioner Miguel Arias Canete told reporters in Brussels. The United States is the world's second-largest greenhouse gas emitter, after China, so Trump's decision could seriously hamper efforts to cut emissions and limit global temperature increases. Nicaragua and war-torn Syria are the only countries not party to the Paris accord, the former seeing it as not ambitious enough. Trump's decision is likely to play well with the Republican base, with the more immediate damage likely to appear on the diplomatic front. Vice President Mike Pence said that Trump "has demonstrated his commitment... to put American workers, American consumers, American energy, and the American people first." Echoes of reality TV Ever the showman, the 70-year-old Trump gave his decision a reality TV-style tease, refusing to indicate his preference either way until his announcement. Opponents of the pullout -- said to include Trump's daughter Ivanka -- had warned that Washington's global leadership role was at stake, along with the environment. A dozen large companies including oil major BP, agrochemical giant DuPont and tech heavyweights Google, Intel and Microsoft had urged Trump to stick to the pact. Following the announcement Tesla boss Elon Musk and Disney chief Robert Iger said they would no longer participate in presidential business councils. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said. 'Morally criminal' White House officials acknowledged that under the deal, a formal withdrawal might not take place until after the 2020 election, and leaders will certainly push Trump to reconsider his decision in the meantime. India's environment minister Harsh Vardhan said his country is committed to the Paris accord "irrespective" of the position of other nations. Prime Minister Narendra Modi -- who has said failing to address climate change would be "morally criminal" -- is due to visit the White House shortly. Trump's announcement comes less than 18 months after the climate pact was adopted, the fruit of a hard-fought agreement between Beijing and Washington under Obama's leadership. The Paris Agreement commits signatories to efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming, which is blamed for melting ice caps and glaciers, rising sea levels and an increase in extreme weather events. They vowed to take steps to keep the worldwide rise in temperatures "well below" two degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) from pre-industrial times and to "pursue efforts" to hold the increase under 1.5 degrees Celsius. Trending Sports: Virat Kohli Delighted With India's 'Complete Performance' vs Pakistan Movies: More Pics From Kajol, Ajay Devgn And Daughter Nysa's Maldives Holiday Gadgets: Moto C Launch, Yu Yureka Black, Essential Phone, and More News This Week Related London Mayor 'Has More Important Things To Do' Than Respond To Trump Tweet US Committed To Curbing Climate Change: Nikki Haley Opinion: With His London Tweets, Trump Embarrasses Himself - And America. Once Again US Asks Visa Applicants For Social Media Handles Donald Trump Travel Ban's Fate Hinges On Emergency US High Court Request Share this story on 94 Shares ALSO READThe Intriguing Details Of Saddam Hussein's Final Days, Details New Book Paris Climate AccordParis climate agreementParis climate changeParis climate change 2015Paris Climate DealDonald TrumpDonald Trump on Paris Climate Deal ................................ Advertisement ................................ ................................ Advertisement ................................ ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksIndia Vs PakistanA Death In The Gunj Sachin: A Billion DreamsICC Champions Trophy ScheduleLive Cricket ScoreCBSE Class 10th Result 2017Baywatch ................................ Advertisement ................................ ................................ Advertisement ................................ 4 Terrorists Attack CRPF Camp In Srinagar, Killed In Retaliatory Fire India's Costliest Film Starts Shooting Next Year (And Other Details) ISRO's Largest Rocket To Carry Hopes Of Taking Indians To Space: 10 Facts Caught On Camera Molesting 2 Girls, UP Cop Suspended, Arrested RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 6 hours ago by iClarified · 3217 views · Translate Apple is holding its Worldwide Developers Conference this week and it kicks off with a keynote event Monday at 10am PT / 1 PM ET. This year Apple is not only expected to unveil new software, but we may also see the introduction of some new hardware. iOS 11 We've heard surprisingly few details about iOS 11 thus far. iOS 11 is expected to feature a redesigned / refreshed user interface, along with new features and capabilities. Apple has been slowly updating some of its apps with a bolder look and we could see this carry through to more of the operating system. Last year, a hidden Dark Mode was discovered in iOS 10 beta but it's unclear if Apple plans to finally debut it in iOS 11. It's expected that Apple will announce a big update to Siri to remain competitive with rivals Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa, and others. Last year, Apple opened up Siri to developers for certain app categories and we would expect Apple to continue to expand Siri's functionality. A report from late March claimed that Siri would be integrated into the Messages app and iCloud. It's alleged that Apple will update iOS with support for group FaceTime calling, a feature that has long been requested. We also expect Apple to release several iPad-focused iOS enhancements to help the device's recent decline in sales. Alongside the update, Jimmy Iovine has said a revamped Apple Music app is coming that will put a greater focus on video. Other rumored features like facial recognition and AR likely won't be unveiled until the new iPhone makes its appearance this fall. macOS 10.13 The upgrade to iOS 10.3 changed the iPhone's file system from HFS+ to APFS and there's a possibility that Apple could take a similar step with mac 10.13. Apple announced Apple File System as a new, modern file system for iOS, OS X, tvOS and watchOS. It is optimized for Flash/SSD storage and features strong encryption, copy-on-write metadata, space sharing, cloning for files and directories, snapshots, fast directory sizing, atomic safe-save primitives, and improved file system fundamentals. You can learn more about APFS here. As with iOS, Apple is expected to bring its Siri improvements to macOS but we've heard little information about the company's plans. We could also see some iOS features (e.g. low power mode, control center) also come to macOS. tvOS We don't have specific details on Apple's plans for tvOS; however, one nice addition would be a Home app let users manage HomeKit accessories. The Apple TV already acts as a hub to let you control devices remotely. We're also likely to see improvements to Apple's recently-launched TV app and to Siri. watchOS Apple is expected to update watchOS but again we have little detail on what's planned. Battery improvements, Siri enhancements, new watch faces and complications, and improved fitness tracking are likely but not confirmed. Apple may highlight Nike's new exclusive lineup of Apple Watches recently released during the keynote. Siri Speaker Perhaps the most exciting item Apple could announce tomorrow is a rival to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Sources say that Apple has been testing three designs for a Siri speaker, at least one of which had a camera and a screen. Interestingly, Apple SVP Phil Schiller recently touted the advantages of having a display. The device is said to feature a modified A9 chip and be similar in shape to the Mac Pro but smaller. Sources claim it has a concave top with controls and is fat with the speaker mesh portion covering it all. The Siri speaker will allegedly differentiate itself from competitors by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with the Apple ecosystem. It will of course be able to control devices via Apple HomeKit and allow users to access Apple services such as Apple Music. Apple employees have purportedly been testing the device at home for several months. It's said to have excellent acoustic performance (one woofer + seven tweeters) and be positioned for the the high-end market. The speaker is not expected to launch immediately; rather, it would ship later in the year. iPad Pro Alongside an updated 12.9-inch iPad Pro, it's rumored that Apple will unveil a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model. The newly designed iPad would have a similar form factor to the 9.7-inch model but feature a larger display and smaller bezels. MacBook We believe that Apple will announce some updates to its lineup of MacBooks at WWDC. Most notable is the MacBook Pro's move from Intel's Skylake to Kaby Lake processor. Apple may offer a 32GB of RAM option on high-end models, appeasing professional users. A similar update to the 12-inch MacBook is expected that will bring a new Kaby Lake processor and double the RAM from 8GB to 16GB. Apple has considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales have remained surprisingly strong. However, just yesterday, a Foxconn Insider claimed it has been discontinued. Mac Unfortunately, we're not expecting any Mac Pro, iMac, or Mac mini updates at WWDC; however, Apple has confirmed that a new professional iMac and a redesigned Mac Pro are in development. We'll being providing coverage of the WWDC keynote tomorrow morning. Stay tuned to iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for details... [McEnery Convention Center] Follow iClarified Comments (2) Add Comment Poopy - 1 hour ago What about a new iPhone? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Neolm09 - 5 hours ago Ahh, Déjà vu, it seems like what ever they do it's just following up or catching up with the others, I guess this it for my generation we won't see anymore revolutionary products from Apple, maybe when we get old and then we won't care, the only big announcement that they did was the gayness of its CEO, WOW, a man that loves taking it up in the anu*s, thats a fu*cking revolution in human nature. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Android Nokia Samsung News smartphones You are here: Home › Apple › WWDC 2017: What Can We Expect? WWDC 2017: What Can We Expect? Apple, iOS, iPad, iPhone June 3, 2017 0 Aditya Mohanty Apple is back with its annual WWDC event to let developers and people around the world get a peek into what the company is building in the coming year. The event will kickstart on June 5 and last till June 9. Apple is holding the coveted developer’s event in San Jose this time after 15 years. Also, the teaser this time hints at pushing the society forward through new ideas and valuing diverse perspectives. The lined up events confirm the same idea as there’s a new Women@WWDC get together introduced. Just like every year, we can assume it to be a software focussed event with possibly one or two new product launches and upgrades to existing products. Along with it, there will be workshops, speaker sessions and demos for developers as usual. Let’s see what the WWDC holds for us in 2017. Software Apple refreshes its software lineup every year by pushing new changes to keep the interfaces delightful and relevant. In this year’s WWDC, we can definitely see new versions of all the Operating Systems Apple has under its family – iOS, MacOS, watchOS and tvOS. iOS usually gets an annual version update in WWDC and this year will be no exception. iOS 11 is rumoured to have a new updated interface. Apart from it, we can definitely expect many new features to arrive in this upcoming version. Apple may also update its native inbuilt apps. We saw major updates to iMessage and Photos last year which totally modified them to be better. We hope Apple does something better with Mail and Maps this year.    macOS 10.13 is set to launch in this WWDC as well. Expect Craig Federighi to announce some cool new features coming to the next version of macOS, whose name will supposedly begin with the letter M. We will likely be witnessing a decent upgrade to Siri, which hopefully makes it more intelligent and provides it the ability to do more things. Siri has now got some serious competition and Apple is well aware of it. Everyone from Google to Amazon is heavily investing in AI & Machine Learning. Apple is at a natural disadvantage with its privacy pledge to not collect & store much data about its users. Being in India, we of course see the difference between Google’s ability to understand our accent vs Siri. Hardware Siri Smart Speaker One of the biggest rumours doing the rounds from the past few months is of the Siri Smart Speaker – a home assistant, Apple’s sophisticated answer to Amazon Echo and Google Home. While it’s basically a rumour, it makes complete sense for Apple to venture into this space as it is well known to build products that become a part of its ecosystem. It also has the support of its witty, intelligent assistant Siri. It will be exciting to see how Apple overcomes the challenges faced by Echo and Home to create a super useful home assistant. If you are one of those who read Mossberg’s final column, you would know about the future we may well be heading towards. A Siri speaker would be the least Apple can do to take us towards the disappearing computer. Upgrades to existing products Apart from this new launch, a few other products will probably be upgraded. Macbooks: We might get to see upgrades to the existing lineup of Macbooks. The Air was last updated 2 years back and its outdated specs require a successor. Although the Pro version was recently upgraded, it would be great to have support for Intel’s newly launched processors code named Kaby Lake. iPad: As for the iPad, it was recently reported that Apple might be working on a 10.5 inch iPad which would have thinner bezels and a larger screen in the same size as that of the 9.7 inch iPad. The much needed upgrade to Mac Pro is due from a long time. Even though Apple has promised it, we might get to see it next year, maybe in WWDC 2018. We are certainly not expecting new iPhones, those are reserved for a special event later this year. Even the Apple Watch will likely be upgraded in the same event. This is all WWDC will be possibly about, but Apple never loses the ability to surprise and the coming week will unfold what it has for us in the future. More from my site YouTube Debuts New iOS App Days Before New iPhone Release Forgot your iPhone Restrictions Passcode? iPad Mini Rumored To Be Unveiled on October 17th iPhone 5’s Touchscreen Reportedly 2.5 Times Faster Than its Android Competitors iPhone 5S and 5C now Available for Pre-order from eBay India Apple Readying a New 128 GB iPad? Previous PostLG X-Venture, A Rugged Smartphone With Android Nougat Launched Author Aditya Mohanty View all posts by Aditya Mohanty → Want to stay up-to-date? Subscribe to OnlyGizmos by Email! Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow us Get Our Posts via Email (No Spam!) Enter your email address below: (Once you subscribe, you would receive an email, do remember to click the confirmation link in that email) Check Out Our Recommendations! Recent Posts WWDC 2017: What Can We Expect? LG X-Venture, A Rugged Smartphone With Android Nougat Launched Do You Need A Toughbook As Your Travel Companion? Here Are The Most Secure Android Phones As Per Google Vivo V5 Plus IPL Edition Launched In India Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 September 2009 August 2009 September 2007 CategoriesCategories Select Category Accessories Acer Amazon Kindle AMD Android Android App (Marketplace) Apple Apps Asus Automobiles BenQ BlackBerry Cameras Celkon CES Chromebook Concept / Educative Dell Entertainment eReaders & Tablets events Facebook Featured First look Fixes / Troubleshooting Free App Future WIP Gaming Gionee GizmoMeet Google Google Chrome green energy Hacks / Tutorials Hacks/Tutorials Hardware hp HTC Humour India Intel Internet Intex iOS iPad iPhone Karbonn Launch Launch Pad Lava Leaked / Spyshots Lenovo LG Local Market Watch Maxx MeeGo Micromax Microsoft Mods Motorola MWC netbook News News Nokia Notebook / Laptops OnePlus Opinion Oppo Palm Patent Battle picture PMP – Portable Media Podcast Pricing Printer Reviews Rumors Samsung Security Site Announcements Site Announcements Smart TV smartphones social media Software Software / Sync Sony sony ericsson Sports Tablet Tech Industry News TechFest Telecom Tips n Tricks Tips Tricks Toshiba Ultrabook USB gadgets Video Videos Vivo Wearables webOS Weird or not? Windows windows mobile Windows Phone Wireless Gadgets Wow Gadgets Xiaomi Xolo Yahoo Youtube Get In Touch! About Us Contact Us Copyright Kratee E-commerce And Consulting Ltd (2015)
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Embraer Receives Customers to Celebrate 20 Years of the ERJ 145 Jet Operations Rio de Janeiro, Brazil – April 11, 2017 – As part of the celebrations for the 20 years of commercial operation of the 50-seat ERJ 145 jet, Embraer receives, as of today, almost 30 operators of the jet family for the two-day Embraer Operators Conference (EOC), in Rio de Janeiro. The first commercial flight of the ERJ 145 occurred on April 6, 1997, with U.S. airline Continental Express. “The ERJ 145 marked Embraer’s commercial renaissance, paving the way for the development of new programs, such as the E-Jets, which moved the Company into the lead of the commercial jet market for up to 130-seat aircraft,” said Paulo Cesar de Souza e Silva, Embraer President & CEO. “Personally, I have a great affection for the program, which brought me to Embraer. I participated in practically all the jet’s sales campaigns as Vice President of Customer Financing.” The ERJ 145 family of jets consists of the ERJ 145 (50 seats), the ERJ 135 (37 seats), the ERJ 140 (44 seats) and the ERJ 145 XR (long-range 145 version). Since its entry into operation, the ERJ 145 family has accumulated more than 27 million flight hours and almost 730 million passengers transported, being used by more than 120 operators. Over the last seven years, the ERJ’s global customer base has almost doubled, from 39 operators, in 2010, to 70, today. During the same period, the application and use of ERJ models has been growing in emerging markets, such as Africa, where the ERJ fleet has increased from 16 units in 2010 to almost 60 jets in 2017. Robust and with excellent operating history, the ERJ platform is a success in commercial aviation, with almost 900 units delivered, having applications in the business aviation market, with the Legacy 600 and Legacy 650 jets, as well as in defense, such as the AEW&C, Multi-Intel and maritime patrol for the Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) segment. In total, more than 1,200 aircraft based on the ERJ 145 platform have already been delivered worldwide, making the ERJ program one of the most successful in the aircraft industry. Follow us on Twitter: @Embraer CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Embraer releases first quarter 2017 results Next PostNext NantOmics to Present Data on Using GPS Cancer Proteomic Analysis to Inform Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Patient Treatment with Temozolomide at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2017 Annual Meeting Search Recent Posts The Philip J. DiNenno Prize awarded for the development and commercialization of Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus Riassunto: Westinghouse e Boilermakers si accordano su un nuovo contratto Portrait of Leonardo da Vinci discovered. Guess Who the Artist is? IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China Pacifists cheer Methodist minister ahead of trial for criminal damage Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
UPROXX News Sections Main The Power Of Activism How We Bring About Change The Intercept Fearless, Adversarial Journalism Featured News Can Trump Really Block James Comey From Testifying? The POTUS’ Executive Privilege, Explained News Democrats Should Stop Trying To Fact Check Their Way To Success Entertainment Sections TV Movies Hitfix Where Entertainment Fandom Lives What's Alan Watching Inside Television with Alan Sepinwall Gaming Web Culture Featured TV Sarah Silverman On Why It’s Important To Understand Each Other, Now More Than Ever TV ‘The Americans’ Season Finale Anxiety Report: Everyone Is Sad And/Or Doomed Music Sections Main RealTalk Hip-Hop on UPROXX Uncharted Discovering New Artists Before They Chart Featured Music Wheeler Walker Jr. Is The Filthiest (And Most Earnest) Man In Country Music RealTalk The Fascinating Rise, Fall, And Resurgence Of British Grime As A Global Genre Sports Sections Main Dime NBA on UPROXX With Spandex Pro Wrestling on UPROXX Brawler MMA on UPROXX -- coming soon Featured DimeMag Joel Embiid Tells Us About Rehab, Rihanna, And The Next Step In The Process ProWrestling Chris Jericho Talks Fozzy Blowing Up, Wrestling Until He’s 90, And Why He Won’t Put You On The List Life & Discovery Sections Main Style Remixing The Classics With The Now Food & Drink Smart and fresh, never basic Travel & Adventure Explore The World You Are Inheriting Health Lifehack Your Body and Soul Featured Life This Beyonce-Approved Resort In Costa Rica Just Might Be The Best Splurge On Earth Life Why The Negroni Should Be Your 2017 Summer Cocktail Video Featured Will Climate Change Spell Doom For The Island Nation Of Palau? Estelle’s New Collaborator — Zambian/Australian Rapper Sampa The Great — Will Live Up To Her Name These Stylists Are Taking A Surprising Role In Fighting Domestic Abuse See More... Search for: About About Corporate Privacy Terms Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Get UPROXX Everywhere. Follow @UPROXX Follow UPROXX Member Sign Up Sign In The Trump Administration Moves To Keep The CIA Torture Report Secret, And Top Democrats Are Worried Andrew Husband News & Entertainment Writer 06.02.17 2 Comments Facebook Twitter EMAIL Getty Image Although Barack Obama promised to preserve it in his presidential library, most copies of the CIA torture report detailing the agency’s use of controversial interrogation tactics during George W. Bush’s presidency are finding their way back to the Republican-run Senate Intelligence Committee. According to the New York Times, even the Trump administration has begun returning its copies of the still-classified report in compliance with Sen. Richard Burr’s (R-North Carolina) 2015 request that all distributed copies be returned. Unsurprisingly, top Democrats worry the committee will seal the report in its vaults for good. In a statement released to MSNBC and other outlets, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-California), the committee’s former chairwoman, expressed her concerns regarding Burr’s request and the White House’s willingness to comply. “The fact that he would take this divisive action without notifying or consulting with the Democrats on the committee is a departure from the bipartisan nature of this committee,” she said. “No senator — chairman or not — has the authority to erase history. I believe that is the intent of the chairman in this case.” Meanwhile, Sen. Mark Warner (D-Virginia), currently the top Democrat on the committee, told CNN he was “very disappointed” in the news. “This study must be preserved for history,” he said, “and the Senate intelligence committee will continue to conduct vigorous oversight of our nation’s intelligence agencies to ensure that they abide by both the spirit and the letter of the law that bans the practices outlined in the report.” While neither Burr nor the Trump administration has explicitly claimed locking up the classified report for good is their intent, the Times notes the 6,700-page document’s being put in the Senate vaults would “exempt [it] from laws requiring that government records eventually become public.” Since Feinstein and her Senate Intel Committee first commissioned and produced the report in 2014, it has largely remain classified, though a short executive summary was declassified and released in December of that year. Copies distributed to to the CIA, the Justice Department and other agencies have already been returned. (Via New York Times, CNN and MSNBC) Share This Facebook Twitter EMAIL Around The Web TAGSciadianne feinsteindonald trumpgeorge w. bushTORTURE Join The Discussion: Log In With Sign In With Facebook Sign In With Twitter Sign In With Email Profile By: Andrew Husband 06.02.2017 @ 3:01 PM "The Trump Administration Moves To Keep The CIA Torture Report Secret, And Top Democrats Are Worried" Profile By: velmapeters45 06.02.2017 @ 4:07 PM Here’s how you can fill up your bank account with additional cash each week… Read more by visiting this page follow this link… ▬▬☛USA~JOB-START Profile By: bloojax 06.02.2017 @ 4:37 PM So, here’s a thought: maybe someone could make a copy? Hell, everything else is leaking out…why not this? Cancel reply View all comments Innovative Minds One Principal’s Fight To Prep Inner-City Students For Our Tech-Based Future Delenda Joseph 05.31.17 4 days ago This Company Has Pretty Much Invented Harry Potter’s ‘Skele-Grow’ Allison Sanchez 05.29.17 6 days ago This Former Marine Is Harnessing Lightning To Make Electricity Allison Sanchez 05.29.17 7 days ago 5 Comments This Scientist Combs Our Universe To Find Life Among The Stars Allison Sanchez 05.25.17 2 weeks ago This Simple Water Bottle Innovation Just Might Save Your Life Someday Allison Sanchez 05.24.17 2 weeks ago How Science And Technology Can Save Lives, One App At A Time Dan Seitz 05.22.17 2 weeks ago UPROXX Job at Uproxx Contact Advertising About UPROXX Privacy Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsWorld Jun 03, 2017 11:14 AM IST | Source: PTI World forges ahead with Paris climate deal without Trump The European Union said it was increasing efforts with China, the world's biggest polluter, to galvanise global efforts to implement the deal while India vowed to stick to the pact regardless of the United States. The world forged ahead today with the Paris climate deal after President Donald Trump pulled the US out of the pact, triggering bitter condemnation from all corners of the globe. Trump announced Thursday that his administration would immediately stop implementing the 195-nation accord brokered by Barack Obama in 2015 in tandem with Chinese leaders. The European Union said it was increasing efforts with China, the world's biggest polluter, to galvanise global efforts to implement the deal while India vowed to stick to the pact regardless of the United States. Trump also faced a backlash at home where Democratic state governors, city mayors and powerful companies drew up plans to meet the pact's greenhouse gas emission targets. "Americans will honour and fulfill the Paris agreement by leading from the bottom up -- and there isn't anything Washington can do to stop us," former New York mayor and billionaire Michael Bloomberg said. However, Russian President Vladimir Putin spared Trump more withering criticism and urged the world to work with the New York tycoon on climate. In Brussels, European Council President Donald Tusk said the EU is "stepping up our cooperation on climate change with China" following a summit with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang. But EU officials said the two sides failed to formally endorse a joint statement on the issue due to a lingering but separate trade row. Expressions of shock and regret poured in from around the world, including from Pacific islands at risk of being swallowed by rising seas, who accused Washington of "abandoning" them. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the EU's most powerful leader, pledged "more decisive action than ever" to protect the climate after Trump's "highly regrettable" decision. In a nationalistic "America First" announcement from the White House Rose Garden, Trump said he was withdrawing from a UN-backed deal that imposes "draconian financial and economic burdens" on the United States while going too easy on economic rivals China, India and Europe. "We don't want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore. And they won't be." Trump offered no details about how, or when, a formal withdrawal would happen. At one point he suggested a renegotiation could take place, an idea that was unceremoniously slapped down by partners. "There is nothing to renegotiate here," EU climate commissioner Miguel Arias Canete told reporters in Brussels. The United States is the world's second-largest greenhouse gas emitter, after China, so Trump's decision could seriously hamper efforts to cut emissions and limit global temperature increases. Nicaragua and war-torn Syria are the only countries not party to the Paris accord, the former seeing it as not ambitious enough. Trump's decision is likely to play well with the Republican base, with the more immediate damage likely to appear on the diplomatic front. Vice President Mike Pence said that Trump "has demonstrated his commitment... to put American workers, American consumers, American energy, and the American people first." Ever the showman, the 70-year-old Trump gave his decision a reality TV-style tease, refusing to indicate his preference either way until his announcement. Opponents of the pullout -- said to include Trump's daughter Ivanka -- had warned that Washington's global leadership role was at stake, along with the environment. A dozen large companies including oil major BP, agrochemical giant DuPont and tech heavyweights Google, Intel and Microsoft had urged Trump to stick to the pact. Following the announcement Tesla boss Elon Musk and Disney chief Robert Iger said they would no longer participate in presidential business councils. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said.White House officials acknowledged that under the deal, a formal withdrawal might not take place until after the 2020 election, and leaders will certainly push Trump to reconsider his decision in the meantime. tags #Barack Obama #Donald Trump #Elon Musk #Paris climate deal #World News #WorldEnvironmentDay Related news Business 12 arrested in London's night of terror, IS claims attack Jun 05, 2017 08:24 AM Business World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain Jun 05, 2017 07:45 AM Business No downturn in IT sector; good number of jobs to come: Prasad Jun 04, 2017 09:01 PM Business London attackers kill seven, Theresa May says 'enough is enough' Jun 04, 2017 04:47 PM Business UK polls to go ahead on Jun 8; May condemns extremism Jun 04, 2017 04:40 PM Business World's fastest elevator to be installed in China Jun 04, 2017 01:33 PM World Militants plow van into London Bridge crowd, stab revelers, killing six Jun 04, 2017 11:50 AM Business Trump underscores travel ban in view of London attacks Jun 04, 2017 09:45 AM World South Africa asks US to reconsider Paris accord decision Jun 03, 2017 07:48 PM News Most Popular Top News How Ravi Narain built the NSE, and then lost his grip Book profits @ 9700 on Nifty; 5 stocks which can return up to 14% in short term Wipro chief Azim Premji took home 63% less salary, zero commission in FY17 What green initiatives are banks taking towards climate change? What changed for the market while you were sleeping? 12 things to know Sensex mantra: 5 golden rules to remember when mkt trades in ‘Boom’ cycle Nifty gave positive returns in 6 out of last 10 years in June; on track to hit Mount 10K Stocks in the news: Lupin, Satin Credit, Selan, GVK, Linde, Fortis, Welspun Ent see more Video of the day Hands off pharma, FMCG could be the next growth area: Avendus Cap's Andrew Holland Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. PTI
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → America’s Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 2 minute read Jun 2nd, 2017 6:30 PM EDT | Editorial America’s business leaders think President Donald Trump is wrong on climate, and was wrong to pull out of the Paris Accord. More importantly, they’re speaking out. Apple CEO Tim Cook, Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Disney’s Bob Iger, are just three top executives who have condemned the decision. The leaders of many of America’s biggest businesses have done the same. CEOs Think Trump Is Wrong On Thursday evening, Tim Cook tweeted: Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 In a letter to employees leaked to the press, Mr. Cook also said: I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn’t enough. Elon Musk tweeted multiple times on the topic, including: Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 Mr. Musk had participated on two different presidential advisory councils on business. The same is true for Bob Iger, Disney’s CEO. He tweeted: As a matter of principle, I’ve resigned from the President’s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017 Mr. Iger followed that with a more formal statement issued under the Disney corporation: Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future, and they aren’t mutually exclusive.  I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement and, as a matter of principle, I’ve resigned from the President’s advisory council. Corporate Entities Other business leaders publicly critical of the move include Jeff Immelt of General Electric, Lloyd Blankefeld of Goldman Sachs, Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook, Brad Smith and Satya Nadella of Microsoft, Jack Dorsey of Twitter, venture capitalist Mark Cuban, Aaron Levie of Box, Mark Benioff of Salesforce, Sundar Pichai of Google, Brent Saunders of Allergan, Kevin Plank of Under Armour. Laurene Powell Jobs—the widow of Steve Jobs—said before President Trump pulled out of the agreement that doing so would be a “colossal mistake.” IBM released a more general statement that it was committed to protecting the environment whether or not the U.S. pulled out of the Paris Climate Agreement. HP, Intel, and Amazon did the same, as did Morgan Stanley. Even Shell Oil tweeted its support for Paris, while Conoco Phillips and ExxonMobil have supported the agreement beforehand. The Harvard Business Review listed another 15 or so companies who want the U.S. to stay in the agreement. President Trump frequently and loudly trumpets his business experience as a qualification for office. But many of the world’s top business people have condemned the decision to pull out of the Paris Climate Agreement. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Bob Iger, Disney, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, environment, Paris Climate Agreement, Tesla, Tim Cook You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting 13 Comments Add a comment geoduck June 2, 2017 Cook needs to follow Musk’s and Igor’s lead and leave the council. All it does is to provide cover for Trump to do whatever he wants. June 2, 2017 at 6:37 EDT PM mikefmiller June 3, 2017 Would be nice to see some real thinking by you guys. Paris had no real enforcement mechanism and was never ratified. Will let China and India continue spewing. When the “business leaders” care more for REAL CHANGE and not REAL PR maybe they can help. US develops and delivers the best technology for producing clean energy. Helping get foreign polluters to employ should be real goal. Apple and Tim have no legs to stand on promoting LGBTQ rights when they suck up to countries where persecution is still the law. Let’s see them refuse to sell product there. Otherwise they cede the moral ground. June 3, 2017 at 9:09 EDT AM Russ Hilton June 3, 2017 Well said mikefmiller. People should learn what is in the Paris accord before forming an opinion, but somehow the facts do not matter. Tim Cook should use Steve Jobs as an example, even though Steve Jobs was liberal he was more concerned with producing the best equipment possible. With the last debacle with Apple experiencing possible worst Macbook Pro’s after a four year wait, he needs to concentrate more on repairing the damage he has done to Apple’s reputation. I am waiting to see if the next offering is any better. I have a 2007 Macbook that still eats Microsoft for lunch and has never crashed or had a virus, which is normal for Mac’s. I believe they have no moral ground to stand on at Apple. June 3, 2017 at 10:57 EDT AM Fastflyer June 3, 2017 Rent seekers gotta do what they do. June 3, 2017 at 1:15 EDT PM MacTechFreak June 3, 2017 This is all a PR stunt by “Americas Smartest Business Leaders”. I know Mr Chaffin is not a fan of President Trump and this constant spewing of political agendas and ideas on Tech sites is really getting old. I don’t care about your political affiliation lets just write about and produce innovative tech. Not everyone buys into your ideas about climate change and other “so-called” world ending issues put together and pushed by Democrats. I really wish I could filter the writers on certain websites rather than having to choose to not read or support a great tech outlet like Macobserver because of such writers like Brian Chaffin. June 3, 2017 at 1:42 EDT PM Substance June 3, 2017 As others have said, if you pay any attention to the details of the Paris accords you will find that it has no teeth AND the only country making any sacrifices is the United States. It’s not only a terrible deal for the US in relation to the rest of the world, it admits that it could at best only make a 0.05 degree celsius impact on global mean temperatures by 2100. Not to mention that the US never officially agreed to the deal, that would require approval from the Senate, which never happened with the Paris accords. Trump is right to pull out of the Paris Accords (that we never actually joined). It gives the US leverage to get a better deal for the US, arguably a deal that actually helps the environment. That of course requires you to believe that man-made climate change dogma, which if you do even a little bit of your own research you’ll find is far from the slam dunk that it’s made out to be. June 3, 2017 at 6:00 EDT PM Lee Dronick June 3, 2017 Well I disagree with President Trump on this, this and most every decision of his though there has been or two things he gets right. During the campaign he talked about the financing of ISIS and how stopping it would help stop their actions; the problem is from my perspective is that some big players are laundering their money and making a big profit doing it. As to the businesses making statements about such matters. Well corporations are people too and as such they can say what we want regardless if others like it or not. June 3, 2017 at 8:17 EDT PM svanthem June 4, 2017 A cherry-picked MIT study. A president who wants to bring back the coal industry. Defunding of EPA. Real thinking indeed. June 4, 2017 at 8:40 EDT AM KennethLeeNJ June 4, 2017 I really am tiring of leftist political agenda advancement being disguised as Tech Journalism. America’s brightest business leaders? I don’t know how bright you have to be to throw away billions of dollars — paying off nations to continue polluting while you accept targets that hamstring our businesses and our economy. The pronouncements of “Climate Change is Real” are red herrings. One can believe in Climate Change and take steps to fight it (witness the US’s already significant reductions) without an ill-advised global agreement that stacks the deck against the US. This is, in reality, a TREATY….and Obama should never have entered into it without the approval of congress. Just another example of his attempts to ignore and thwart the constitution. The Tech Leaders Chaffin quotes are being just as ingenuous in addressing this matter as they are regarding H1B visas (flooding the market with job seekers from abroad to keep wages artificially low, and take jobs from qualified American citizens). June 4, 2017 at 9:26 EDT AM masterconductor June 4, 2017 No one is stopping these business from improving their carbon footprint. When did they need the government’s approval to pollute less? And so what? The Paris accord was non-binding, we could have stayed in and done diddly-squat–but it was signed, that’s the important part right? You know what would be far more effective? Apple, Microsoft, Goole, and Tesla get together and work with the power company to build a solar collector. Do they have the money for that? Yep. Could they do it. Yep. What do they really want? Government subsidies. And just so you don’t think that I am pro-fossil fuels–I don’t think any oil or gas company should be receiving any subsidies either (or any privately owned business for that matter). June 4, 2017 at 4:30 EDT PM Lee Dronick June 4, 2017 “No one is stopping these business from improving their carbon footprint.” Correct, no can stop them walking their talk. 👉 The company launched a massive clean energy program in October 2015. The goal was to convert all of its energy use in China to clean power sources. Apple clobbered past that goal and is now working toward 100% renewable energy worldwide. “In 2016, 96 percent of the electricity used at our global facilities came from renewable energy, reducing our carbon emissions by nearly 585,000 metric tons. We’re 100 percent renewable in 24 countries — and all of Apple’s data centers,” Lisa Jackson, Apple Vice president of environment policy, said in an annual letter released earlier this year. Jackson served as the administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency from 2009 to 2013.” June 4, 2017 at 5:02 EDT PM Lee Dronick June 4, 2017 D’oh! i forgot the link http://money.cnn.com/2017/04/22/technology/apple-clean-energy/index.html June 4, 2017 at 5:04 EDT PM Lee Dronick June 4, 2017 Well, they are not coal fired boilers: http://www.bizjournals.com/portland/news/2017/04/23/exclusive-apple-backing-two-huge-oregon-renewable.html June 4, 2017 at 5:06 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 18314 Bryan Chaffin columns-opinions 13 1496428205 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 05, 3:49 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people World June 04, 17:34 Trump following London attacks calls for stopping being politically correct World June 04, 17:26 Death toll from London terrorist attacks rises to seven World June 04, 14:09 Putin's annual televised Q&A session due on June 15 Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 04, 8:51 Investigation begins into murder of eight people in central Russia Society & Culture June 04, 8:21 Six people died in terrorist acts in London - police World June 04, 6:59 Casualties present as result of London Bridge incident - BBC citing police World June 04, 1:55 Syria has neither chemical weapons nor facilities to make them - al-Assad World June 03, 23:20 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 05.06.2017 04.06.2017 03.06.2017 02.06.2017 01.06.2017 31.05.2017 30.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news The role of human capital in building a digital economy Business & Economy ► SPIEF-2017 June 03, 5:25 UTC+3 Share 1 pages in this article KEY CONCLUSIONS: Human capital is the key value of the digital economy “Human capital is about half the value of corporations. <...> We tend to think this revolution is about things, but <...> I actually believe this revolution is about people,” said R. Preston McAfee, Corporate Vice President, Chief Economist, Microsoft Learning becomes continuous “You cannot just go to school, learn something, and then practice it for the rest of your life. You are going to have to reinvent or at least keep up with new tools... <...> And that education is going to be much more of a continuing process,” said R. Preston McAfee CHALLENGES: Imbalance of competences in the labour market “We can face a situation when at the same time we can have unemployment and lack of qualified of personnel,” said Kirill Varlamov, Head, Internet Initiatives Development Fund (IIDF). “Quality balance also poses big issues, almost half of the people never had retraining, and half is sure that in ten years they will still be working according to their college major”, said Denis Vasiliev, Deputy Head, Federal Service for Labour and Employment (Rostrud). Professionals skills alone would not suffice for a truly digital economy. “In the past the focus was on training professional skills, while today digital skills and soft skills must be added too. <...> We are lagging behind in the knowledge economy, we lack people with 21st century skills and a new way of thinking,” said Julia Chupina, Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, Sberbank. Obsolete human resource management systems at Russian enterprises “People must be capable of working as a team. This is not something common in Russia. We live in a hierarchy, which provides us with a someone telling us what to do, where to go, how to proceed. People find it extremely challenging to find out all of a sudden they don’t have a boss any more,” said Julia Chupina. SOLUTIONS: Сreating attractive environment for the development and professional realization “Today the Internet Initiatives Development Fund (IIDF) jointly with the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration signed an agreement to establish Association for the Development of Human Capital,” said Kirill Varlamov. “First of all, from the content point of view we had to clearly examine research issues. <…> The second thing that has changed is also the ways we engage executives and organizations,” said Jean-Franсois Manzoni, President, Institute for Management Development (IMD); Professor, Nestlé.  “To support innovators of digital economy, we founded a department at The Moscow School of Management SKOLKOVO that specializes in accumulating knowledge in digital payments and e-commerce,” said Alexey Malinovskiy, Senior Vice President, Head, Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus and Armenia, Mastercard. State, society and corporations should act together “How can we achieve the human potential? <…> How does an individual contribute in that kind of environment?  And how do we prepare individuals for an uncertain and dynamic future? Aside from the skills that I think we do, <…> I think there is a role to be played by Government and public-private partnerships to develop that,” said Scott Overson, General Manager, Industry Solutions Group EMEA, Intel Corporation. “We need to stimulate a high quality of demand, reconsider an approach to retraining teachers and continue to develop public-private partnerships in education,” said Vladislav Boutenko, Managing Director, The Boston Consulting Group. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 04, 17:34 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people June 04, 17:34 June 05, 3:49 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference June 05, 3:49 June 04, 14:09 Death toll from London terrorist attacks rises to seven June 04, 14:09 June 04, 8:51 Putin's annual televised Q&A session due on June 15 June 04, 8:51 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Putin recommends US not to teach Russia how to live 2 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference 3 Legalization of cryptocurrencies to simplify startups financing - Ethereum 4 Avtovaz plans to deliver cars to China in 2017 5 Putin emphasizes that Sweden's entry to NATO would jeopardize ties with Moscow 6 Russian government expects economy growth to be above world average in 2019-2020 7 Rusnano may set up fund with Malaysian hi-tech company by end of 2017 1 Putin asked Bill Clinton to consider option Russia might join NATO 2 Russia’s economic policy no longer depends on oil prices - Economic Development Minister 3 More than 380 agreements were signed at SPIEF-2017 for 2 trillion rubles ($35.32 bln) 4 Russian submarines to be equipped with Kalibr missiles by 2025 5 Six people died in terrorist acts in London - police 6 Chairman of Saudi Aramco on meeting with Putin, travelling to Arctic and OPEC deal 7 Trump following London attacks calls for stopping being politically correct 1 Moscow concerned over US threats against Syria’s armed forces 2 Russia’s cutting-edge fighter jet to enter service this year 3 Russian cruise missiles hit terrorist targets near Palmyra 4 Moscow mayor says Monday's hurricane 'unprecedented' 5 Putin asked Bill Clinton to consider option Russia might join NATO 6 Russian anti-submarine destroyer enters English Channel 7 Putin jokes about climate change, US hegemony at St. Petersburg forum TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
