More than just technology news Home Tech Reviews Science Games Culture Video Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Updated Hot Tags Pokemon Go Pokemon Go Update Apple Pokémon GO news Blizzard Scientists Says Children's Intelligence Come from Their Mother John Emerson Conde First Posted: Oct 08, 2016 01:18 PM EDT circa 1955: The Form Board test is cored for time and error. A child must place the blocks in the correct holes as a test of form perception and understanding of spatial relationships. (Photo by Orlando /Three Lions/Getty Images) Moms and dads often debate about who is accountable for their kid's intelligence. This is one of the most common scenes when it comes to seeing both good grades and bad. Today, this debate may finally come to a stop as scientist concluded the mother is generally responsible for the child's smarts. This is because a human being's intelligence is carried from the X chromosome - females carry two of them while males only have one. Plus, scientists now also believe that genes for advanced cognitive function, reasoning, intelligence and language, that are of the father could be entirely incorrect. There is a category for genes that only works when they come from the mother; this is called "conditioned genes." Intelligence is believed to be under conditioned genes making it even more convincing that moms are responsible for their kid's intelligence. Is There Any Proof? There is a research on genetically engineered mice that shows no paternal cells in the brain when they removed all of the maternal genes. This also caused the mice to have a smaller head in ratio to its body, according to a report published in The Veterans Site. Although it did prove something on mice, it cannot be for humans as humans are not mice after all. This is why another research was done to work on this theory. According to Independent, the study started from 1979 to 1994 in Glasgow by interviewing 12,686 people within the age range of 14 and 22. The interviewees' IQ was predicted based on their mother's. The results only varied about 15 points. The study did also take into account other factors such as their socioeconomic status and ethnicity, but the mother's IQ was still the best predictor. Nonetheless, it should still be clear that genetics is not the only basis for a person's intellect - about 40 to 60 percent of one's intelligence is hereditary. This gives a huge space for environmental factor to kick in and determine an individual's smartness. Advertisement   You May Like These The Edison Gene: ADHD and the Gift of the Hunter Child $13.38 More offers Shop Now Please Don't Tell My Parents I Blew Up the Moon More offers Shop Now I Did NOT Give That Spider Superhuman Intelligence! (Please Don't Tell My Parents Book 4) More offers Shop Now When Parents Were Young $0.99 More offers Shop Now Not In Your Genes: The real reasons children are like their parents More offers Shop Now Related Articles New Way To Study The Sun Could Be Less Expensive Genetically Modified Food Isn’t As Bad As People Think Neanderthal Genes Gave Homo Sapiens The Ability To Adapt TagsGenes, Parent Genes, Science, Genetics, Intelligence Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 iTech Post All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Latest News TECH Apple Might Release Three New iPads For March: One Of These Is Its Biggest Ever Users Are Signing To An Encrypted Email Provider After Trump´s Triumph Why Facebook Is Copying Snapchat´s Features? Three New iPads To Unveil On March 2017 With Bezel-Free 10.9-Inch Model SCIENCE New Way To Study The Sun Could Be Less Expensive Genetically Modified Food Isn’t As Bad As People Think Neanderthal Genes Gave Homo Sapiens The Ability To Adapt Passive Galaxy Has Much Hydrogen In It Games Overwatch' Tips And Tricks: How To Do The Sombra Skydiving Glitch Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2' Guide: Best Earthling Race Build Dishonored 2' Guide For Beginners: Choosing Playstyles And Which Is Best To Get Trophies Skyrim Special Edition: Five Treasure Maps And Where To Find The Treasures Culture 'Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo' Unforgettable Moments: Laugh Again With The Funniest Scenes Of The Series Ji Chang Wook Pranks Bomi On Her Wedding Day In 'We Got Married' Taylor Swift Files Lawsuit Against A Former DJ In Colorado For Grabbing Her Ass 'The Flash' Season 3 Spoilers: Doctor Alchemy Revealed, Savitar To Make His Appearance Must Read 'Burning UFO' Caught On Camera In Lima, Peru 'Hellas Depression' Or Ice Cauldron: Another Trace Of Extraterrestrial Life Forms Found In Mars? Neanderthal Genes Gave Homo Sapiens The Ability To Adapt IT Fun Near Final' List Of Exhibitors For PSX 2016 Revealed Black Friday Sale 2016: The Best Places To Get An iPhone Nintendo NES Classic Edition: Gone In Less Than Sixty Seconds Best Samsung Midrange Phones 2016: Galaxy J2 Prime, Galaxy A8 (2016), Galaxy J7 Prime, Galaxy J5 Prime, Galaxy On7 and On8 (2016) MacBook Pro 2016 vs HP Spectre x360: Specs, Features, Price Apple News: Low-cost iPad Coming In 2017 MOST POPULAR SpaceX Falcon 9 Rescheduled Launches To Mid-December iOS 10 Jailbreak Is Here, But Pangu Has Failed Again Donald Trump's Wife Melania Naked GQ Photos Exposed; More Controversies Await The New First Lady ‘Criminal Minds’ To Rehire Thomas Gibson? Actor And Kicked Writer In Good Terms? Pokemon Go News: Players Petition To Remove Speed Limit Ban On PokeStops DJI Mavic Pro Orders Will Ship In Roughly Two Months Park Bo Gum Wants To Date Kim Yoo Jung: Proof That The Two Are Secretly Dating Revealed 'Dragon Ball Super' Episode 66, 67 Spoilers & Rumors: Merged Zamasu Faces Vegito's Wrath; Trunks Dies? Episode 67 To Air November 20 'Running Man': Best Candidates To Be 7th Member After Gary Left The Show Civilization 6 Guide: Win The Game Early With These Comprehensive Tips And Tricks © 2016 iTech Post All rights reserved. All Rights Reserved. Tech Apple Samsung Mobile Science Social Network Space Games Environment Culture Categories About us Contact us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us Facebook Twitter RSS
Careers BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 12 signs your coworkers think you're dumb Áine Cain Oct. 3, 2016, 1:15 PM 83,825 facebook linkedin twitter email print Nobody wants to be treated like an idiot like Karen from "Mean Girls." Paramount Pictures In the 2004 cult hit "Mean Girls," Plastics member Karen Smith is frequently demeaned for her lack of intelligence. It's funny in the film, but nobody wants to be treated this way in real life — especially at work. In most instances, if you feel like you've been assigned the role of the resident office fool, there's probably a simple explanation. You're behaving in a way that makes people think you're stupid. Your coworkers are jerks. Both of the above. Before you can begin to figure out what the issue even is, you first must determine whether or not your colleagues are actually behaving in a condescending manner. Here are some clear signs that your colleagues do think you're dumb: 1. They always argue with you Some people just love to pick fights. But, if you feel like you're constantly getting piled on by multiple coworkers over minor things, then that's a bad sign. They might be squabbling because they see you as an easy target — someone they can put down to prove their own intelligence. However, keep in mind that it's important to differentiate between rude, mean, and bullying behavior — aggressive arguments should only be considered truly problematic if it's repeated over time and involves an imbalance of power, as Signe Whitson wrote for Psychology Today. 2. They're terse and sarcastic Don't you hate getting texts that just say "k"? The conversational equivalent of that may be a sign that your colleagues underestimate your intelligence. If their responses tend to be short and blunt with a side of sarcasm, then they probably don't value your insight very much. 3. Their body language is rude Sneering. Glaring. Staring. Smirking. Eye rolling. If you notice this contemptuous body language in your coworkers, then that pretty much confirms that you're the target of workplace mockery. 4. They ignore you Feeling ostracized in the office isn't a good sign. If people label you as stupid, then they won't think that you're worth consulting on projects. "We've been taught that ignoring someone is socially preferable — if you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all," University of British Columbia's Sauder School of Business Professor Sandra Robinson told the Daily Mail. "But ostracism actually leads people to feel more helpless, like they're not worthy of any attention at all." 5. They laugh at you Do your coworkers snicker after you say something that wasn't meant to be funny? Are you constantly the butt of jokes and pranks? Maybe your colleagues appreciate your good sense of humor, or maybe you're the office laughingstock. It's important to check back with yourself if you feel like others are mocking with you. Are you in on the joke and chuckling along with them? Does your office just have an environment where people bust each others' chops? Or is all the teasing making you feel humiliated? "People who are in the process of being humiliated are usually left stunned and speechless, and, more than that, voiceless," writes Dr. Neel Burton for Psychology Today. 6. They act surprised when you succeed When you triumph in the office, do you receive congratulations or stares of outright shock? If you're getting the latter, then your colleagues probably don't think very highly of your abilities. 7. They never ask you for help Are you constantly offering to assist people and getting shot down — even when you know for a fact that your coworkers could use more hands on deck? That's not good. They might think that you'll just make matters worse with your help. 8. They refuse to help you You ask for help and nobody lifts a finger. Maybe your coworkers are busy — or jerks. Alternatively, they might have just deemed your problem too silly or straightforward to waste time on. 9. You're down on yourself Feeling stupid can lead to a vicious cycle. If you think that you're dumb, then others may pick up on your self-critical vibes and go along with it, which in turn leads you to feel even less intelligent. So even if you feel completely out of your league, it's important to at least fake some confidence. Otherwise, people will swoop in and take advantage. 10. You talk a lot about your impressive abilities "The stupidest thing someone can do is overestimate themselves," Budapest's Institute of Psychology at Eotvos Lorand University professor Balazs Aczel told the Independent. "What that tells us is that you don't have to have a low IQ, in people's eyes, to act stupidly. You just have to mis-perceive your abilities." If this sounds like you, it's probably time to start practicing some self-awareness. 11. You curse a lot at work Swearing in the office may feel cathartic, but overdoing it will ruin your colleagues' perception of you, as Shana Lebowitz previously reported for Business Insider. 12. You're always terrified about looking stupid Oftentimes, we're so nervous about appearing incompetent that we'll forgo asking for help or insight. However, as Time reported, a report from Harvard Business School and Wharton discovered that "people who seek advice are likely to be thought of as more competent, at least by the people they're asking." So if you're in the habit of messing things up on your own, consider asking for assistance next times. Your coworkers' estimation of your intelligence will probably go up as a result SEE ALSO: 17 signs your coworkers secretly hate you NOW WATCH: There’s an app that analyzes your coworkers' personalities and it’s shockingly accurate Loading video... More: Dumb Idiot Coworkers Intelligence facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 12 signs your coworkers think you're dumb 12 signs your coworkers think you're dumb In the 2004 cult hit "Mean Girls," Plastics... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Careers Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Careers Select Instant MBA More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Answers Flickr Mobile Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow Us Exclusives Canada World Business Entertainment Sports Science & Tech Weather Video Viral Sorry dads! Scientists claim children inherit their intelligence from their mums Yahoo News October 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos In a blow to dads everywhere, children apparently inherit all their intelligence from their mums, according to scientists. Due to intelligence genes being carried on the X chromosome, women are more likely to pass them on as they have two, compare to one for men. And researchers in Glasgow believe genes for advanced cognitive functions which are inherited from the father may be automatically deactivated - meaning they have no effect on their children. Tests on mice found that those given extra maternal genes developed larger heads and brains but with smaller bodies, while those with added paternal genes had small brains and large bodies. View photos Genetics: Men have less chromosomes that carry intelligence genes than women (Rex/posed by models) MORE: Dog receives bravery award after saving family from electrical fire MORE: Women are unfaithful for very different reasons to men - and it’s not about sex The scientists extended their study to humans and after interviewing 12,685 people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year from 1994, concluded that that the best predictor of intelligence was the IQ of the mother. But while genetics may play a part in intelligence, scientists added that environmental factor also play a large part. Researchers at the University of Washington believe children who were supported emotionally have higher growth in the parts of the brain that are associated with memory, learning and stress response. This strong bond is thought to give a child a sense of security which gives them confidence to solve problems. Top pic: Rex/posed by models Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Boy bravely wrestles massive garbage bin in hilarious video Yahoo Canada News Former players, teammates remember Pat Quinn, Hockey Hall of Famer Puck Daddy Conservative leadership rivals debate best path to reviving party fortunes The Canadian Press What you need to know about the supermoon CBC Girl reacts to finding out she's going to be a big sister in the best way possible Newsflare PHOTOS: Military vet spent years living in a Montreal shipping container Blind 'Nostradamus of the Balkans' predicted Obama would be the last President Yahoo News UK Bernie Sanders wants to revitalize Democrats after loss Yahoo News Weapon at St. John's bar, man nabbed for driving stolen vehicle CBC Moroccan vault protects seeds from climate change and war The Canadian Press Shark Bites Kayak Jukin Media These are the best countries for freedom of speech Proposed airport privatization will drive up costs for travellers, say CEOs CBC Man's living room becomes 'perfect vantage point' for SWAT team snipers Yahoo Canada News Death toll rises to 50 in IS-claimed blast in Pakistan The Canadian Press Supermoon to light up sky beginning Monday morning The Canadian Press Python vs Blue Bull: SNAPPED IN THE WILD Barcroft TV Pictures of the week: Sheep, shrouds and stags Trump may revisit Trump Country during a victory tour The Canadian Press Supermoon not so super after all CBC Energetic Baby Skunk Is Adorably Playful Storyful PHOTOS: Cute animals at Toronto's Royal Agricultural Winter Fair Raw: Super Moon Rises Over South Florida AP Canada Mother With MS Dances at Son's Wedding Storyful PHOTOS: For Inuit women, face tattoos come out from the past and ink to the present Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
null
Share 370 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 Dave Chappelle Comeback? Fans Hoping ‘Saturday Night Live’ Appearance Leads To A New Comedy Show For Chappelle Entertainment 2016-11-13 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Entertainment 2016-11-13 ‘Doctor Foster’ A Great Show On Netflix That You Aren’t Watching Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-13 Latest Wikileaks News: Whistleblower Site Claims It Did Not Support Any Particular Candidate, Suggests Files On War And Possible War Crimes May Be Released Soon News 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald Trump To Testify In Case Against Trump University? News 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald Trump Meets With First Foreign Party Leader, Brexit Champion Nigel Farage News 2016-11-13 ‘We Do Not Forgive. We Do Not Forget’: Check Out The Anonymous ‘Message To Donald Trump’ Video Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Overwatch’ Strike: Crispin Freeman Talks Negotiation With Activision, EA, & More Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date Gaming 2016-11-13 Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Fun Facts About Redheads SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Intelligence Is Inherited From The Mother: Father’s Genes Are Suppressed, But Do Make Difference In Child’s Intellect, Claims New Study Science 370 0 0 October 6, 2016 Intelligence Is Inherited From The Mother: Father’s Genes Are Suppressed, But Do Make Difference In Child’s Intellect, Claims New Study Patrick Frye It is the mother’s genes that influence and determine a child’s intellect, suggests a new research. While the father’s genes are present within the children, they lie suppressed. Nonetheless, paternal genes do play a role in the intelligence of their children. When it comes to intelligence, children take after their mother, according to the researchers at the University of Washington. It is the woman who is more likely to transmit genes that shape the child’s intelligence. Researchers supported their findings by noting that genes influencing intelligence are carried on the X chromosome, and women have two of these. Men, or fathers, have only a single X chromosome. Lucky for my kids: Children inherit their intelligence from their mother https://t.co/Z2QcFBCzVm #marriedup — Ross Silverman (@phlu) October 6, 2016 Similar research conducted in the past has corroborated the findings. However, the recently concluded study by researchers in Glasgow, Scotland, adds that genes responsible for advanced cognitive functions are inherited from the father’s side as well. But they are either automatically deactivated or remain suppressed. Could children be made smarter, simply by activating these suppressed or deactivated genes? According to the scientists, a category of genes known as “conditioned genes” are thought to work only if they come from the mother in some cases, and the father in other cases, reported Stock News USA. However, intelligence is the one of the few conditioned genes that works only when it comes from the mother. In other words, even if the child does inherit the smartness genes from the father, they lie deactivated. What does a child inherit from the father? While testing their hypothesis on rats, scientists discovered cells with paternal genes accumulated in parts of the limbic system. This part of the brain deals with much more primal and instinctive functions like sex, food, and aggression. The paternal genes were noticeably absent in the cerebral cortex. This part of the brain deals with evolved and advanced cognitive functions like reasoning, thought, language, and planning. Children Inherit Intelligence From Mothers, Says Study: Mother's genes may determine how clever the children … https://t.co/jlbnyQD8vY — Joy Lobo (@In_gene_year) October 6, 2016 Essentially, genetically modified mice with an extra dose of maternal genes developed bigger brains and relatively smaller bodies. Meanwhile, the rats with an extra dose of paternal genes had small brains and larger bodies. This led scientists to conclude that brain development happens because of the mother’s genes, but how well a child’s body develops depends on the father’s genes. To further corroborate their hypothesis, researchers interviewed 12,686 young people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year for two decades. Despite factoring in environmental factors, including race and socio-economic status, researchers were convinced that the best predictor of intelligence in the child was the IQ of the mother and not the father. Incidentally, genetics are not the only determining factor in development of intelligence. According to previous research, only 40 to 60 percent of intelligence is hereditary, reported The Times of India. In other words, the environment in which the child grows up plays an equally important part in the development of advanced cognitive functions. According to researchers, intelligence depends on mother's X chromosome, where the intellence genes are located. https://t.co/MaKkHsKuPu — Int. Engineering (@IntEngineering) September 28, 2016 Though the surroundings may have a substantial impact on the child’s smartness, it is the deep emotional bond the child shares with his or her mother that largely influences the development of intelligence. The secure and intimate bond a child has with the mother is a large part of the “non-genetic” part of intelligence. While this might be common knowledge, researchers confirmed the theory scientifically by analyzing the way a group of mothers related to their children for seven years. Children who enjoyed a close bond with their mother had their intellectual needs fulfilled, and were supported emotionally, had a 10 percent larger hippocampus at the age of 13, as compared to those who had an emotionally distant mother. While a mother’s love is crucial for her child’s mental and emotional development, the father’s role can’t be undermined. Devoted fathers help develop other important traits in their children like intuition and emotions. These components inherited from the father are crucial for an all-round development of intelligence, concluded the researchers. [Featured Image by Adam Berry/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Elon Musk Releases Video For Settling On Mars Now Read This: Mars Funnel Of Life: Scientists Insist Strange Funnel Surface Feature Best Chance At Finding Alien Life Share 370 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Patrick Frye Tags: genes, genetics, intelligence Comments LATEST HEADLINES Rob Kardashian Baby With Snapchat Filters Confirm He Is The Dad Meri Brown Of ‘Sister Wives’ Actually Supporting Charity That Helps Women Escape Polygamy ‘The Young And The Restless’ Spoilers: Travis Messes Up, Sharon Gets Arrested, Nick Faces Decisions, And Traci Returns Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] Angelina Jolie Moves On After Brad Pitt Gets Cleared Of Child Abuse Charges ‘Deadliest Catch’ News: Jake Harris Beaten, In Hospital As Brother Josh Gives Updates ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Sonny Confesses, Hayden Fights, Jax Opens Up To Alexis, And Franco Vows To Protect Elizabeth New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas EXO And BTS Will Be At ‘MAMA 2016’ — Both Popular K-Pop Boy Bands Will Headline The ‘2016 Mnet Asian Music Awards’ Luc Besson, Director Of ‘Valerian’ And ‘Fifth Element’, Discusses Connecting The Beatles’ Song To Trailer Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 225.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 46.2k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 77k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 23.8k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 20.6k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 8.3k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15.1k 0 0 Recent Headlines Miami Dolphins Vs. San Diego Chargers: Kiko Alonso Seals Victory With Pick-Six, Dolphins Headed For Winning Season? 0 0 0 Squirrel Leprosy Is Not Their First Attack Against Humans 1 0 0 President-Elect Donald Trump Meets With First Foreign Party Leader, Brexit Champion Nigel Farage 8 0 0 WWE News: Hulk Hogan Takes Blame For Bill Goldberg ‘Nitro’ Title Win 6 0 0 Hailey Baldwin Gets Flirty And Daring In New Bikini Selfie 0 0 0 ‘We Do Not Forgive. We Do Not Forget’: Check Out The Anonymous ‘Message To Donald Trump’ Video 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Deliver Seamless, Personalized CX Across Digital Channels & Voice [Download the Playbook] E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Trends Business Deals Trends Vendors CRM Products Strategy Customers Call Centers Consumer Protection Customer Data Customer Experience Customer Service Enterprise Apps Analytics Marketing Sales Mobile CRM Social CRM Practices Tools  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 13, 2016 11:39:29 PM PST CRM Buyer > Business > Trends | AI's Moment By Denis Pombriant Oct 7, 2016 3:58 PM PT There recently has been an increase in the talk -- pro and con -- about bots, AI and intelligent assistants. A lot of this talk has been percolating around the industry for decades. Silicon Collar, a book by Vinnie Mirchandani, a friend and truly gifted analyst, accepts that automation might be eliminating jobs, but it optimistically holds out for the silver lining. Businesses and individuals have been taking advantage of an opportunity to build new human-mediated processes -- and jobs -- that leverage intelligent systems, according to Mirchandani, who has documented the trend. 10 Years to Overnight Success Not so fast, says Esteban Kolsky, another friend and gifted analyst. Like many of us, Kolsky has seen this movie before. Adoption has been painfully slow, in his view. It's been so slow, in fact, that AI fails what I call the "Gates Test." You might recall that Bill Gates once said that we overestimate what we can do in two years and underestimate what we can do in 10. Indeed, the gestation period for an overnight success seems to be 10 years these days. However, a recent survey indicates a shift. "From the single digits in adoption they enjoyed for the entire 2002-2012 decade we are seeing adoption nearing 15 percent now for automated bots and intelligent assistants," Kolsky noted in a recent post. Slow indeed. What's been holding things back has been a lack of two things: 1) not enough computing power and 2) a clear need. The World Is Curving We can come up with plenty of scenarios in which a little help from something with AI embedded might seem good -- but on closer inspection, we might realize there are other ways to get the job done. AI is a heavy lift -- or at least it was at one time. Back when the working models of AI were established, computing power was not up to the job -- but really fast processors, multiple cores, flash memory, and the cloud have made it possible to concentrate the power needed to drive AI. However, that still leaves us with finding a clear need. I offer the following analogy: We live in a spreadsheet-dominated world with a linear mindset, but we are moving into a world where the lines are anything but straight. To make sense of curved lines, you need calculus. It's calculus -- especially the integral variety -- that tells us what's going on in a process that has plenty of funky ups and downs. In the spreadsheet era, which I firmly believe is ending, or at least transitioning, we searched for averages and made straight-line derivatives from them. This led to some dumb ideas, like calculating what an average deal is and trying to fit all deals into it as if it were a straightjacket. That thinking harkens back to the statistical awakening in the 19th century, when the term "average man" first came into use. The average man is a fiction -- but a highly usable one that gives us a basis for modeling. When you go for an average, though, you have to ignore some profitable outliers or other things that don't fit your model. In the age of business by transaction, the straight-line model was good enough. Nonetheless, over most of this century so far, we've seen that model become less effective as the vendor-customer relationship has moved toward the micro-transactions of subscriptions. A straight-line model doesn't work very well in subscriptions, because all transactions look the same at a micro level. It's only when you expand your view that you can see the micro-transactions that show trends that might be good or bad. As a result, we've been left without a model. New Math A model for the vendor-customer relationship that works involves calculus, at least at the metaphorical level. Calculus gives us the flexibility to model many variables involving customer demographics, purchase history, life-cycle stage, and of course the transaction before us. I think many people in business have a working appreciation of all this, though they are certainly still in the minority, and this is where AI comes in: I see its algorithms as calculus in a box. AI gives the average businessperson who has no interest in calculus, or who might have studied it decades ago, the ability to apply more sophisticated modeling to increasingly complex business. So, this is a long-winded attempt to say that at last we have a clear need for AI, as well as the horsepower to run it. The need is all around us -- and if you've ever caught yourself wondering at how sophisticated business and our supporting systems have become, you'll likely be grateful that there's a new weapon in the arms race. Denis Pombriant is a well-known CRM industry researcher, strategist, writer and speaker. His new book, You Can't Buy Customer Loyalty, But You Can Earn It, is now available on Amazon. His 2015 book, Solve for the Customer, is also available there. He can be reached at denis.pombriant@beagleresearch.com. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Denis Pombriant Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Smart home technology is here, and ... It has made my home safer and more enjoyable. I'm interested, but most of it is still too expensive. It's a mess. Too many disparate devices. It's not all that smart or reliable. Who needs it? I like my dumb home just fine. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU Facebook Share Price Falls Despite Blowout Quarter Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers TechNewsWorld First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Gadget Ogling: Mac's Back, Nintendo Returns, and Huawei Goes to the Edge Russia's Fancy Bear Attacks Microsoft, Adobe as Election Nears LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner CRM Buyer Headlines CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Entertainment Love & Sex Style Mind & Body Share < br />this article: I mean, this study says kids get their intelligence from their moms, but we’re not going to be shitty about it Lane Moore @hellolanemoore | 10.7.16 | 4:20 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Unsplash/London Scout Even though this was probably already texted to you by your super smart mom who has multiple Google alerts for mom-based news, a new study says kids get their intelligence from their moms, not their dads, but it’s not like we’re gonna be dicks about that. Nope. Just giving you the facts. The study, published in Psychology Spot, found that a mother’s genetic material determines how smart her kids are and the father’s genes don’t make any difference at all. And they also found that if the same intelligence gene is inherited from the father, it’s deactivated. DEACTIVATED, GUYS!!!! And, even more interesting, when the labs used a study with genetically modified mice with an additional dose of maternal genes, they developed bigger heads and brains, but smaller bodies. When the mics had an extra dose of paternal genes, they ended up with tiny little brains and huge bodies. I’m sorry. I’m gonna need to laugh about these images and what they represent to me for the next 45 minutes. Hahahahahahahahahaha. Bye guys. Hold on. Ok, I’m back. Now, because these scientists are very smart (they get it from their mommas), Glasgow-based researchers decided to interview 12,686 people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year from 1994 on and found that while the mother’s IQ was still the largest indicator of the child’s intelligence, they also found that only 40 to 60 percent of a person’s intelligence is determined by genes. So if you had dumb-dumb parents and you’re now a super genius, it’s totally possible that your environment changed that fate. That “environment” could mean a variety of things, but researchers at the University of Washington found that mothers who bonded with their children in the early years and supported them emotionally and intellectually had a 10 percent larger hippocampus (the part of the brain that is thought to be where your emotions and your memory are) at age 13 than mothers who were MIA. Now, dads, if you’re crying right now, stop (but also, keep crying because crying is great and should be an acceptable thing for men to do). Researchers also found that intuition and emotions might (might) be passed on from you to your kid, and, you know, if you truly bond with and nurture your child in a maternal way, then yes that could help with the “environment” factor. You get what you actively give, in a sense. Also, dads, you should just bond with your kids and nurture them and studd just because that’s a good thing for both parents to do, no matter what. Just an idea. You do you. Haha. Sorry, I’m laughing again. I don’t know if I’ll ever stop. Oh well.     Tags: father, genes, mother, science, study Recommended for you New study says Facebook users lead longer lives, and somehow that’s depressing Science proves women are already sure they want abortions even before they get to the doctor President Obama says we’ll be on Mars by 2030 after mocking Leonardo DiCaprio’s planned trip Way more straight men watch gay porn than you might have guessed If you have really big yawns, you could be a genius, according to new study Is semen good for your skin, or does he just want to bust on your face? FROM DEEP IN THE INTERNET frisky fresh: our weekly edit Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up can't stop, won't stop Gift Guide: For The Broke-But-Aspiring Gwyneth Gift Guide: For The Materialistic Social Media Witch Gift Guide: For Your Friend Who’s Transitioning MOBILE SITE The Frisky is part of SpinMedia About The Frisky About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Jobs News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion TERMINATED Future World War could be fought by rival computers and the crossfire will WIPE OUT humanity Academic warns of a grim scenario in which super-smart artificially intelligent machine minds fight a devastating conflict by JASPER HAMILL 7th October 2016, 12:49 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments A leading British academic has raised fears that rival computers could go to war with each other and end up destroying the world. Nick Bostrom, a world-leading academic who heads up the University of Oxford’s Future of Humanity Institute, is in the early stages of writing a paper about the threats posed by artificial intelligence. 3 Killer computers could be the worst thing that’s ever happened to humanity He has been applying his considerable intellect to the question of whether this planet would be big enough for two or more AIs – or whether this would lead to devastating conflict. Scientists are currently at the very early stage of developing “machine intelligence”. It is believed that an “intelligence explosion” which could happen within 50 years will boost computers’ intelligence to a level which is far beyond our own. But what would happen if two of these hyper-intelligent machines decided they had different goals and ended up going to war? Speaking to industry insiders at a tech conference this week, Bostrom said: “One of the things we don’t understand yet is the stability of a world with AI. “You can imagine a world with one AI system is stable, because it has enough control to prevent threats. Film Company 3 A killer robot from the Terminator films “But is there a stable world which is multi-polar [features a number of different AIs] at this level of technology? “With AI, we don’t yet know whether you could have a multi-polar world.” He also discussed the idea of a piece of technology in which “offence strongly dominates defence such that it would be possible  for any small group with that level of offensive capability to perform some action that destroys the world”. “So far we have been lucky not to have invented such a technology, but maybe some day we will and then idea of a multi-polar world where people do different things, depending on what they feel like, will no longer be stable,” he added. To illustrate one of his points, Bostrom gave the chilling example of a machine that’s built to make paperclips. If this machine is super-intelligent, it may decide that humans are standing in the way of its paperclip-building drive and kill us all to enhance its own productivity. If another rival computer thought paperclips were bad for its own mission, it could then make a decision to wipe out its rival. 3 Professor Stephen Hawking has warned that “full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race” Related Stories 16 days to doom Don’t make plans for Xmas, folks! The world is ‘going to end on July 29 as the magnetic poles reverse' WOOD YOU BELIEVE IT? Window cleaner spends TEN YEARS burying secret supplies in woods across UK in case of apocalypse 'it was over by tea time' Claims Brexit would spell economic doom dismissed as 'a very British apocalypse' Zombielievable! This resort in Montana teaches super rich how to prepare for a zombie apocalypse The academic said it was a “conservative assumption” that super-smart computers would be able to control armies of robots which do its bidding. Murder machines would also be able to outwit humans by lying about their intentions as they quietly plot our destruction. The only way to stop the coming apocalypse is to make sure artificially intelligent machines are built in a way which ensures they don’t hate humans and are therefore unlikely to bring about our demise. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News THE DONALD SPEAKS Donald Trump promises to 'immediately' deport 3 million immigrants, insists he will build a wall on… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News CHRISTMAS STARTS TODAY Amazon launches massive 12-day sale BEFORE Black Friday super sale with discounts up to 87% News KEEPING OFF THE RADAR 'Bored' missing schoolboy, 15, could be using Bear Grylls' survival skills to stay alive News I'M A CELEB MURDER MYSTERY Dead bodies found just miles from I'm A Celebrity camp as cops probe murder-suicide News Video ESCALATOR TRAGEDY Horrifying moment gran slips on escalator and drops a baby to its death from 30ft News WALNUT'S LAST WALKIES Heartbroken owner confirms beloved dog's death shortly after hundreds turned out for Walnut's final… News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News Becky KILLER ATTACKED BY LAGS Becky Watts' killer Shauna Hoare targeted in such heavy prison beatings she's had to be… News PAEDO SNARED Paedophile who sent naked shower selfie and vile messages to what he thought was 14-year-old girl is nabbed by… News Video RAINING COLD HARD CASH Amazing moment man hits jackpot at faulty cash machine when it starts spitting out money News Exclusive INVASION PLANS? North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un studies map of disputed South Korean island with military top brass News Exclusive MIRACLE OF BATACLAN Pregnant girl who clung on for life amid Paris terror attacks now has beautiful baby - and I saved them News QUAKE TRAGEDY Two dead as New Zealand rattled by powerful aftershock and tsunami after being struck by 7.8 magnitude… News Most Popular Video FIX FACTOR Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz THE DONALD SPEAKS Donald Trump promises to 'immediately' deport 3 million immigrants, insists he will build a wall on… News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living Pictured WHERE'S YOUR RESPECT? I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here fans in uproar at Ant and Dec’s disappearing poppies TV & Showbiz 'SCREW YOU' Jacqueline Jossa hits out at online trolls who claimed she was pregnant with baby number 2 TV & Showbiz ‘ANT IS SO HOT NOW’ I’m A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here viewers are LOVING Ant McPartlin’s ‘sexy’ beard TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Scientists Say Apes Can Predict Human Mistakes Mental Floss 07/10/2016 Kate Horowitz © Mental Floss Humans aren’t the only great apes that can ‘read minds’ Everybody’s got that one friend who just keeps making terrible choices. You can see the consequences a mile off; unfortunately, they can’t, and you know it. This concept—that we can anticipate other people’s beliefs or behaviors, even when we know they’re mistaken—seems uniquely human. Now Japanese researchers say apes can do it, too, albeit on a much simpler scale. They published their findings in the journal Science. Your recognition of your friend’s thoughts, beliefs, and feelings is what’s called the Theory of Mind (ToM). Possessing an awareness of other people’s inner lives is a complex mental task, and for a very long time, scientists believed we were the only ones who could manage it. But the more we learn about other animals’ brains, the more our certainty in our own supremacy unravels. The last few decades have shown us that other animals are indeed capable of all kinds of sophisticated thinking, from reading MRIs to fashioning tools. The idea that other animals might use ToM began to seem a little less far-fetched. Still, how would you test it? Testing animal intelligence is tricky for a lot of reasons. First, it’s very hard for humans—even scientists—to set aside their human-centric perspective. This results in experiments that measure how well animals can act like people, which is definitely not the same as measuring their intelligence. Second, well, animals can’t talk, and while we’ve gotten pretty good at interpreting certain behaviors, that doesn’t mean we understand one another. Fortunately, many of us have pretty good chimp and orangutan substitutes living right in our homes: little kids. Studies have found similar levels of intelligence in small children and non-human apes, which means that experiments that work with babies may translate well for our hairier cousins. Because babies can’t tell us what they’re thinking, researchers let them show us instead, often using a technique called gaze tracking. Researchers show a baby something, whether that’s a puppet or her mom or a scary mask, then videotape the baby’s response to track where her eyes move. The idea is that the more strongly the baby feels about something, the longer she’ll look at it. Babies have no poker faces. Animal behavior researchers have adopted gaze tracking for use with their own subjects and have taken it in some pretty interesting directions. Last year, Kyoto University’s Fumihiro Kano created the world’s first horror movies for apes, then watched the apes watching them. After repeated viewings, the apes apparently developed “favorite” moments and would pay even closer attention when they knew those parts were coming up. For the latest study, Kano teamed up with researchers from the U.S., the UK, and Germany to determine if other primates could use ToM. They produced another series of short films featuring a human and an “ape,” King Kong (KK, actually a person in a gorilla suit), essentially messing with each other’s heads. In one movie, the “person” hid an object in one place. Then KK came in and moved the object to a new hiding spot. In one version of the film, the person was there and watched KK hiding their stuff; in the other, KK was unobserved. Would apes who watched the second version of the movie expect the person to look for the treasure in their original hiding spot? In other words, could they anticipate that this deceived person would act like someone who’d been deceived? Yep. This sneaky version of the story was shown to 22 different apes (a mixture of chimpanzees, orangutans, and bonobos). Of those 22, 17 stared at the original hiding spot when the person came onscreen to start searching. They could guess what the poor sucker was about to do. Frans de Waal is a primatologist and a legend in the field of animal behavior. He was unaffiliated with the study, but praised it in an editorial in the same issue of Science. “This nonverbal paradigm is a genuine breakthrough not only because it avoids an undue reliance on language skills required to understand narrative and questions in theory of mind testing in children,” he wrote, “but also because it highlights the mental continuity between great apes and humans.” Know of something you think we should cover? Email us at tips@mentalfloss.com. Go to MSN Home More in News Hunt for prisoners ‘at risk to public’ after they flee jail Mirror Second tremor hits NZ hours after deadly quake kills two Mirror NHS plans involving hospital closures 'kept secret from public' Press Association Theresa May sets out stall for UK's place in Trump’s world The Guardian Diabetic grandmother dies after Chinese 'slap treatment' The Telegraph London-bound flight forced to land after stork-hit Evening Standard Up Next May faces Cabinet pressure over Trump-Farage ties International Business Times More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Mental Floss How Julia Child Got a White House State Dinner on Television Mental Floss Budapest’s Former Top-Secret Hospital Inside a Cave Mental Floss How Conman Jerry Balisok Pulled the Ultimate Disappearing Act Mental Floss 50 Incredible Animal Facts You'll Want to Share Mental Floss Mental Floss View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   AMAZING FACTS LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections AMAZING FACTS LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Scientists Say Apes Can Predict Human Mistakes Share Kate Horowitz filed under: animal cognition, Animals, science, primates Image credit:  Magnus Johansson via Wikimedia Commons // CC BY-SA 2.0 Like us on Facebook Everybody’s got that one friend who just keeps making terrible choices. You can see the consequences a mile off; unfortunately, they can’t, and you know it. This concept—that we can anticipate other people’s beliefs or behaviors, even when we know they’re mistaken—seems uniquely human. Now Japanese researchers say apes can do it, too, albeit on a much simpler scale. They published their findings in the journal Science. Your recognition of your friend’s thoughts, beliefs, and feelings is what’s called the Theory of Mind (ToM). Possessing an awareness of other people’s inner lives is a complex mental task, and for a very long time, scientists believed we were the only ones who could manage it. But the more we learn about other animals’ brains, the more our certainty in our own supremacy unravels. The last few decades have shown us that other animals are indeed capable of all kinds of sophisticated thinking, from reading MRIs to fashioning tools. The idea that other animals might use ToM began to seem a little less far-fetched. Still, how would you test it? Testing animal intelligence is tricky for a lot of reasons. First, it’s very hard for humans—even scientists—to set aside their human-centric perspective. This results in experiments that measure how well animals can act like people, which is definitely not the same as measuring their intelligence. Second, well, animals can’t talk, and while we’ve gotten pretty good at interpreting certain behaviors, that doesn’t mean we understand one another. Fortunately, many of us have pretty good chimp and orangutan substitutes living right in our homes: little kids. Studies have found similar levels of intelligence in small children and non-human apes, which means that experiments that work with babies may translate well for our hairier cousins. Because babies can’t tell us what they’re thinking, researchers let them show us instead, often using a technique called gaze tracking. Researchers show a baby something, whether that’s a puppet or her mom or a scary mask, then videotape the baby’s response to track where her eyes move. The idea is that the more strongly the baby feels about something, the longer she’ll look at it. Babies have no poker faces. Animal behavior researchers have adopted gaze tracking for use with their own subjects and have taken it in some pretty interesting directions. Last year, Kyoto University’s Fumihiro Kano created the world’s first horror movies for apes, then watched the apes watching them. After repeated viewings, the apes apparently developed “favorite” moments and would pay even closer attention when they knew those parts were coming up. For the latest study, Kano teamed up with researchers from the U.S., the UK, and Germany to determine if other primates could use ToM. They produced another series of short films featuring a human and an “ape,” King Kong (KK, actually a person in a gorilla suit), essentially messing with each other’s heads. In one movie, the “person” hid an object in one place. Then KK came in and moved the object to a new hiding spot. In one version of the film, the person was there and watched KK hiding their stuff; in the other, KK was unobserved. Would apes who watched the second version of the movie expect the person to look for the treasure in their original hiding spot? In other words, could they anticipate that this deceived person would act like someone who’d been deceived? Yep. This sneaky version of the story was shown to 22 different apes (a mixture of chimpanzees, orangutans, and bonobos). Of those 22, 17 stared at the original hiding spot when the person came onscreen to start searching. They could guess what the poor sucker was about to do. Frans de Waal is a primatologist and a legend in the field of animal behavior. He was unaffiliated with the study, but praised it in an editorial in the same issue of Science. “This nonverbal paradigm is a genuine breakthrough not only because it avoids an undue reliance on language skills required to understand narrative and questions in theory of mind testing in children,” he wrote, “but also because it highlights the mental continuity between great apes and humans.” Know of something you think we should cover? Email us at tips@mentalfloss.com. More from mental_floss...  4 Russian Travel Tips for Visiting America  How to Build an Ice Hotel  10 Contestants for Earth's Next Superpower  10 Things Created Over a Couple of Beers October 6, 2016 - 9:00pm Share Kate Horowitz delight_monger Kate Horowitz is a science writer for mental_floss. She writes about pretty much everything, but especially likes to bring readers' attention to squishy, underrated organisms; chronic illness and disability; science art; bodily functions; animal cognition; parasites; and the Moon. She lives in Washington, D.C., where she takes lots of walks and ogles other people's dogs. View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Natural Landmarks That No Longer Exist 8 Memorable Comics Screw-Ups A More Accurate World Map Wins Prestigious Japanese Design Award POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah Facts About 'Song of the South' You Have to See This Weekend's Best Amazon Deals Watch Humans Take Over the World in 200,000 Years POPULAR ON mental_floss Is This the Most Mysterious Grave in Virginia? Why Ulysses S. Grant's Wife Always Posed in Profile Twins Born Across Daylight Saving Create Confusion Over Who's the Older Brother POPULAR ON mental_floss 8 Extraordinary Examples of Constrained Writing Zomething Different: The Zima Story 10 Old-Fashioned Swears to Spice up Your Cussin' POPULAR ON mental_floss 13 Freaky Facts About Disney's Tower of Terror Ride The Most Frequently Played Song in the World is One Everyone Hates 21 Rhetorical Devices Explained POPULAR ON mental_floss 11 Little-Known Words for Specific Family Members Here's Why Grape Ice Cream Isn't a Thing Who Cleans Up After Seeing Eye Dogs? NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Skip to content Biblioklept Menu About Us Reviews Interviews About You Read “Moxon’s Master,” Ambrose Bierce’s story about a chess-playing automaton Posted on October 8, 2016 by Biblioklept “Moxon’s Master” by Ambrose Bierce   “Are you serious?—do you really believe a machine thinks?” I got no immediate reply; Moxon was apparently intent upon the coals in the grate, touching them deftly here and there with the fire-poker till they signified a sense of his attention by a brighter glow. For several weeks I had been observing in him a growing habit of delay in answering even the most trivial of commonplace questions. His air, however, was that of preoccupation rather than deliberation: one might have said that he had “something on his mind.” Presently he said: “What is a ‘machine’? The word has been variously defined. Here is one definition from a popular dictionary: ‘Any instrument or organization by which power is applied and made effective, or a desired effect produced.’ Well, then, is not a man a machine? And you will admit that he thinks—or thinks he thinks.” “If you do not wish to answer my question,” I said, rather testily, “why not say so?—all that you say is mere evasion. You know well enough that when I say ‘machine’ I do not mean a man, but something that man has made and controls.” “When it does not control him,” he said, rising abruptly and looking out of a window, whence nothing was visible in the blackness of a stormy night. A moment later he turned about and with a smile said: “I beg your pardon; I had no thought of evasion. I considered the dictionary man’s unconscious testimony suggestive and worth something in the discussion. I can give your question a direct answer easily enough: I do believe that a machine thinks about the work that it is doing.” That was direct enough, certainly. It was not altogether pleasing, for it tended to confirm a sad suspicion that Moxon’s devotion to study and work in his machine-shop had not been good from him. I knew, for one thing, that he suffered from insomnia, and that is no light affliction. Had it affected his mind? His reply to my question seemed to me then evidence that it had; perhaps I should think differently about it now. I was younger then, and among the blessings that are not denied to youth is ignorance. Incited by that great stimulant to controversy, I said: “And what, pray, does it think with—in the absence of a brain?” The reply, coming with less than his customary delay, took his favorite form of counter-interrogation: “With what does a plant think—in the absence of a brain?” “Ah, plants also belong to the philosopher class! I should be pleased to know some of their conclusions; you may omit the premises.” “Perhaps,” he replied, apparently unaffected by my foolish irony, “you may be able to infer their convictions from their acts. I will spare you the familiar examples of the sensitive mimosa and those insectivorous flowers and those whose stamens bend down and shake their pollen upon the entering bee in order that he may fertilize their distant mates. But observe this. In an open spot in my garden I planted a climbing vine. When it was barely above the surface I set a stake into the soil a yard away. The vine at once made for it, but as it was about to reach it after several days I removed it a few feet. The vine at once altered its course, making an acute angle, and again made for the stake. This manoeuver was repeated several times, but finally, as if discouraged, the vine abandoned the pursuit and ignoring further attempts to divert it traveled to a small tree, further away, which it climbed. “Roots of the eucalyptus will prolong themselves incredibly in search of moisture. A well-known horticulturist relates that one entered an old drain-pipe and followed it until it came to a break, where a section of the pipe had been removed to make way for a stone wall that had been built across its course. The root left the drain and followed the wall until it found an opening where a stone had fallen out. It crept through and following the other side of the wall back to the drain, entered the unexplored part and resumed its journey.” “And all this?” “Can you miss the significance of it? It shows the consciousness of plants. It proves they think.” “Even if it did—what then? We were speaking, not of plants, but of machines. They may be composed partly of wood— wood that has no longer vitality—or wholly of metal. Is thought an attribute also of the mineral kingdom?” “How else do you explain the phenomena, for example, of crystallization?” “I do not explain them.” “Because you cannot without affirming what you wish to deny, namely, intelligent cooperation among the constituent elements of the crystals. When soldiers form lines, or hollow squares, you call it reason. When wild geese in flight take the form of a letter V you say instinct. When the homogenous atoms of a mineral, moving freely in solution, arrange themselves into shapes mathematically perfect, or particles of frozen moisture into the symmetrical and beautiful forms of snowflakes, you have nothing to say. You have not even invented a name to conceal your heroic unreason.” Moxon was speaking with unusual animation and earnestness. As he paused I heard in an adjoining room known to me as his “machine-shop,” which no one but himself was permitted to enter, a singular thumping sound, as of some one pounding upon a table with an open hand. Moxon heard it at the same moment and, visibly agitated, rose and hurriedly passed into the room whence it came. I thought it odd that any one else should be in there, and my interest in my friend—with doubtless a touch of unwarrantable curiosity—led me to listen intently, though, I am happy to say, not at the keyhole. There were confused sounds, as of a struggle or scuffle; the floor shook. I distinctly heard hard breathing and a hoarse whisper which said “Damn you!” Then all was silent, and presently Moxon reappeared and said, with a rather sorry smile: “Pardon me for leaving you so abruptly, I have a machine in there that lost its temper and cut up rough.” Fixing my eyes steadily upon his left cheek, which was traversed by four parallel excoriations showing blood, I said: “How would it do to trim its nails?” I could have spared myself the jest; he gave it no attention, but seated himself in the chair that he had left and resumed the interrupted monologue as if nothing had occurred: “Doubtless you do not hold with those (I need not name them to a man of your reading) who have taught that all matter is sentient, that every atom is a living, feeling, conscious being. I do. There is no such thing as dead, inert matter: it is all alive; all instinct with force, actual and potential; all sensitive to the same forces in its environment and susceptible to the contagion of higher and subtler ones residing in such superior organisms as it may be brought into relationship with, as those of man when he is fashioning it into an instrument of his will. It absorbs something of his intelligence and purpose —more of them in proportion to the complexity of the resulting machine and that of his work. “Do you happen to recall Herbert Spencer’s definition of ‘Life’? I read it thirty years ago. He may have altered it afterward, for anything I know, but in all that time I have been unable to think of a single word that could profitably be changed or added or removed. It seems to me not only the best definition, but the only possible one. “‘Life,’ he says, ‘is a definite combination of heterogeneous changes, both simultaneous and successive, in correspondence with external coexistences and sequences.'” “That defines the phenomenon,” I said, “but gives no hint of its cause.” “That,” he replied, “is all that any definition can do. As Mill points out, we know nothing of effect except as a consequent. Of certain phenomena, one never occurs without the other, which is dissimilar: the first in point of time we call the cause, the second, the effect. One who had many times seen a rabbit pursued by a dog, and had never seen rabbits and dogs otherwise, would think the rabbit the cause of the dog. “But I fear,” he added, laughing naturally enough, “that my rabbit is leading me a long way from the track of my legitimate quarry: I’m indulging in the pleasure of the chase for its own sake. What I want you to observe is that in Herbert Spenser’s definition of ‘life’ the activity of a machine is included—there is nothing in the definition that is not applicable to it. According to this sharpest of observers and deepest of thinkers, if a man during his period of activity is alive, so is a machine when in operation. As an inventor and constructor of machines I know that to be true.” Moxon was silent for a long time, gazing absently into the fire. It was growing late and I thought it time to be going, but somehow I did not like the notion of leaving him in that isolated house, all alone except for the presence of some person whose nature my conjectures could go no further than that it was unfriendly, perhaps malign. Leaning toward him and looking earnestly into his eyes while making a motion with my hand through the door of his workshop, I said: “Moxon, whom do you have in there?” Somewhat to my surprise he laughed lightly and answered without hesitation: “Nobody; the incident that you have in mind was caused by my folly in leaving a machine in action with nothing to act upon, while I undertook the interminable task of enlightening your understanding. Do you happen to know that Consciousness is the creature of Rhythm?” “O bother them both!” I replied, rising and laying hold of my overcoat. “I’m going to wish you good night; and I’ll add the hope that the machine which you inadvertently left in action will have her gloves on the next time you think it needful to stop her.” Without waiting to observe the effect of my shot I left the house. Rain was falling, and the darkness was intense. In the sky beyond the crest of a hill toward which I groped my way along precarious plank sidewalks and across miry, unpaved streets I could see the faint glow of the city’s lights, but behind me nothing was visible but a single window of Moxon’s house. It glowed with what seemed to me a mysterious and fateful meaning. I knew it was an uncurtained aperture in my friend’s “machine- shop,” and I had little doubt that he had resumed the studies interrupted by his duties as my instructor in mechanical consciousness and the fatherhood of Rhythm. Odd, and in some degree humorous, as his convictions seemed to me at that time, I could not wholly divest myself of the feeling that they had some tragic relation to his life and character—perhaps to his destiny—although I no longer entertained the notion that they were the vagaries of a disordered mind. Whatever might be thought of his views, his exposition of them was too logical for that. Over and over, his last words came back to me: “Consciousness is the creature of Rhythm.” Bald and terse as the statement was, I now found it infinitely alluring. At each recurrence it broadened in meaning and deepened in suggestion. Why, here (I thought) is something upon which to found a philosophy. If consciousness is the product of rhythm all things are conscious, for all have motion, and all motion is rhythmic. I wondered if Moxon knew the significance and breadth of his thought—the scope of this momentous generalization; or had he arrived at his philosophic faith by the tortuous and uncertain road of observation? That faith was then new to me, and all Moxon’s expounding had failed to make me a convert; but now it seemed as if a great light shone about me, like that which fell upon Saul of Tarsus; and out there in the storm and darkness and solitude I experienced what Lewes calls “The endless variety and excitement of philosophic thought.” I exulted in a new sense of knowledge, a new pride of reason. My feet seemed hardly to touch the earth; it was as if I were uplifted and borne through the air by invisible wings. Yielding to an impulse to seek further light from him whom I now recognized as my master and guide, I had unconsciously turned about, and almost before I was aware of having done so found myself again at Moxon’s door. I was drenched with rain, but felt no discomfort. Unable in my excitement to find the doorbell I instinctively tried the knob. It turned and, entering, I mounted the stairs to the room that I had so recently left. All was dark and silent; Moxon, as I had supposed, was in the adjoining room—the “machine shop.” Groping along the wall until I found the communicating door I knocked loudly several times, but got no response, which I attributed to the uproar outside, for the wind was blowing a gale and dashing the rain against the thin walls in sheets. The drumming upon the shingle roof spanning the unceiled room was loud and incessant. I had never been invited into the machine-shop—had, indeed, been denied admittance, as had all others, with one exception, a skilled metal worker, of whom no one knew anything except that his name was Haley and his habit silence. But in my spiritual exaltation, discretion and civility were alike forgotten and I opened the door. What I saw took all philosophical speculation out of me in short order. Moxon sat facing me at the farther side of a small table upon which a single candle made all the light that was in the room. Opposite him, his back toward me, sat another person. On the table between the two was a chessboard; the men were playing. I knew little about chess, but as only a few pieces were on the board it was obvious that the game was near its close. Moxon was intensely interested—not so much, it seemed to me, in the game as in his antagonist, upon whom he had fixed so intent a look that, standing though I did directly in the line of his vision, I was altogether unobserved. His face was ghastly white, and his eyes glittered like diamonds. Of his antagonist I had only a back view, but that was sufficient; I should not have cared to see his face. He was apparently not more than five feet in height, with proportions suggesting those of a gorilla—tremendous breadth of shoulders, thick, short neck and broad, squat head, which had a tangled growth of black hair and was topped by a crimson fez. A tunic of the same color, belted tightly to the waist, reached the seat—apparently a box—upon which he sat; his legs and feet were not seen. His left forearm appeared to rest in his lap; he moved his pieces with his right hand, which seemed disproportionately long. I had shrunk back and now stood a little to one side of the doorway and in shadow. If Moxon had looked farther than the face of his opponent he could have observed nothing now, excepting that the door was open. Something forbade me either to enter or retire, a feeling—I know not how it came—that I was in the presence of imminent tragedy and might serve my friend by remaining. With a scarcely conscious rebellion against the indelicacy of the act I remained. The play was rapid. Moxon hardly glanced at the board before making his moves, and to my unskilled eye seemed to move the piece most convenient to his hand, his motions in doing so being quick, nervous and lacking in precision. The response of his antagonist, while equally prompt in the inception, was made with a slow, uniform, mechanical and, I thought, somewhat theatrical movement of the arm, that was a sore trial to my patience. There was something unearthly about it all, and I caught myself shuddering. But I was wet and cold. Two or three times after moving a piece the stranger slightly inclined his head, and each time I observed that Moxon shifted his king. All at once the thought came to me that the man was dumb. And then that he was a machine—an automaton chessplayer! Then I remembered that Moxon had once spoken to me of having invented such a piece of mechanism, though I did not understand that it had actually been constructed. Was all his talk about the consciousness and intelligence of machines merely a prelude to eventual exhibition of this device—only a trick to intensify the effect of its mechanical action upon me in my ignorance of its secret? A fine end, this, of all my intellectual transports—my “endless variety and excitement of philosophic thought!” I was about to retire in disgust when something occurred to hold my curiosity. I observed a shrug of the thing’s great shoulders, as if it were irritated: and so natural was this—so entirely human—that in my new view of the matter it startled me. Nor was that all, for a moment later it struck the table sharply with its clenched hand. At that gesture Moxon seemed even more startled than I: he pushed his chair a little backward, as in alarm. Presently Moxon, whose play it was, raised his hand high above the board, pounced upon one of his pieces like a sparrowhawk and with an exclamation “checkmate!” rose quickly to his feet and stepped behind his chair. The automaton sat motionless. The wind had now gone down, but I heard, at lessening intervals and progressively louder, the rumble and roll of thunder. In the pauses between I now became conscious of a low humming or buzzing which, like the thunder, grew momentarily louder and more distinct. It seemed to come from the body of the automaton, and was unmistakably a whirring of wheels. It gave me the impression of a disordered mechanism which had escaped the repressive and regulating action of some controlling part—an effect such as might be expected if a pawl should be jostled from the teeth of a ratchet-wheel. But before I had time for much conjecture as to its nature my attention was taken by the strange motions of the automaton itself. A slight but continuous convulsion appeared to have possession of it. In body and head it shook like a man with palsy or an ague chill, and the motion augmented every moment until the entire figure was in violent agitation. Suddenly it sprang to its feet and with a movement almost too quick for the eye to follow shot forward across table and chair, with both arms thrust forward to their full length—the posture and lunge of a diver. Moxon tried to throw himself backward out of reach, but he was too late: I saw the horrible thing’s hands close upon his throat, his own clutch its wrists. Then the table was overturned, the candle thrown to the floor and extinguished, and all was black dark. But the noise of the struggle was dreadfully distinct, and most terrible of all were the raucous, squawking sounds made by the strangled man’s efforts to breathe. Guided by the infernal hubbub, I sprang to the rescue of my friend, but had hardly taken a stride in the darkness when the whole room blazed with a blinding white light that burned into my brain and heart and memory a vivid picture of the combatants on the floor, Moxon underneath, his throat still in the clutch of those iron hands, his head forced backward, his eyes protruding, his mouth wide open and his tongue thrust out; and—horrible contrast!— upon the painted face of the assassin an expression of tranquil and profound thought, as in the solution of a problem in chess! This I observed, then all was blackness and silence. Three days later I recovered consciousness in a hospital. As the memory of that tragic night slowly evolved in my ailing brain I recognized in my attendant Moxon’s confidential workman, Haley. Responding to a look he approached, smiling. “Tell me about it,” I managed to say, faintly—”all about it.” “Certainly,” he said; “you were carried unconscious from a burning house—Moxon’s. Nobody knows how you came to be there. You may have to do a little explaining. The origin of the fire is a bit mysterious, too. My own notion is that the house was struck by lightning.” “And Moxon?” “Buried yesterday—what was left of him.” Apparently this reticent person could unfold himself on occasion. When imparting shocking intelligence to the sick he was affable enough. After some moments of the keenest mental suffering I ventured to ask another question: “Who rescued me?” “Well, if that interests you—I did.” “Thank you, Mr. Haley, and may God bless you for it. Did you rescue, also, that charming product of your skill, the automaton chess-player that murdered its inventor?” The man was silent a long time, looking away from me. Presently he turned and gravely said: “Do you know that?” “I do,” I replied; “I saw it done.” That was many years ago. If asked today I should answer less confidently. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in LiteratureTagged AI, Ambrose Bierce, androids, automaton, Chess, Full Text, Games Post navigation Previous Post Retreat from the Storm — Jean-François Millet Next Post The Doll — Hans Bellmer Your thoughts? Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. | | | Sunday Comics A place must be made for innocence | Gravity’s Rainbow, annotations and illustrations for page 419 RIP Leon Russell Nude — Egon Schiele Horror Vacui — Anselm Kiefer “We’re too broken up to go on” (Leonard Cohen) Leon Golub’s Mercenaries Goya’s The Disasters of War Cautioned to surrender (this I could not do) Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 Subscribe Said mario alejandro ramirez morales on RIP Leon Russell donesoverydone on RIP Leon Russell Nude — Egon Schiele — Biblioklept | Le Bien-Etre au bout des Doigts on Nude — Egon Schiele All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music Art Arts Book Book Acquired Books Books Acquired Christmas Comics Comix Cormac McCarthy David Foster Wallace David Lynch David Markson Death Design Documentary Donald Barthelme Edgar Allan Poe Emily Dickinson Fiction Film Franz Kafka full film Full Text girls reading Halloween Herman Melville illustration Interview Interviews James Joyce Lists Literature men reading Microfiction Moby-Dick Movies Music Nathaniel Hawthorne Note-Books Notebooks Novels nude Painting philosophy Photography Poem Poems Poetry Postmodernism Readers Reading Reviews riffs RIP Roberto Bolaño Short film Short Stories Short Story Slavoj Žižek Thomas Bernhard Thomas Pynchon Ulysses United States Video Vincent Van Gogh Walt Whitman Werner Herzog William Faulkner William Gaddis William T. Vollmann women reading Writers Writing TwitterMy Tweets Newish Sunday Comics A place must be made for innocence | Gravity’s Rainbow, annotations and illustrations for page 419 RIP Leon Russell Nude — Egon Schiele Horror Vacui — Anselm Kiefer “We’re too broken up to go on” (Leonard Cohen) Leon Golub’s Mercenaries Search for: Elsewhere 3:AM Magazine A Journey Round My Skull A Piece of Monologue Anatomy of Norbiton Asian Emoticon Asymptote bibliodyssey Bibliomanic BLCKDGRD Book Cents But Does It Float? Dangerous Minds Daniel Silliman Darran Anderson Gustave Doré's Don Quixote Hark! A Vagrant HTML GIANT Ironic Sans Jupiter Mission LOC Treasures Collection Luciferous Logolepsy Menthol Mountains Miette's Bedtime Story Podcast Moby Lives Page Pulp Roman Muradov Scarfolk Council Simple Ranger The Awful Possibilities The Casual Optimist The Howling Fantods The Millions The Offending Adam the online etymology dictionary The Quarterly Conversation The Reading Experience The Rumpus Times Flow Stemmed Triple Canopy UbuWeb Ulysses "Seen" Wag's Revue wood s lot Word Court Subscribe Blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 8 October 2016 | MYT 8:00 AM Viv AI voice assistant heading to Samsung devices following buy-out A step forward: Viv is an intelligent voice assistant that can respond to questions formulated in natural language. — AFP Relaxnews Samsung has bought Viv Labs, an AI startup that developed a voice assistant capable of responding to natural language, marking a clear step forward in the firm's artificial intelligence strategy. According to Injong Rhee, CTO of Samsung's mobile communications business, the tech giant's aim is to offer customers the best user experience across all its products and in all situations. Beyond boosting the brand's upcoming smartphones, the Viv acquisition could potentially bring AI technology to all the South Korean tech firm's products (TVs, fridges, etc.). With Viv's technology, Samsung hopes to offer to its users a simplified and intelligent interface, and an AI-based virtual assistant that understands the user's context and offers the most appropriate and convenient suggestions and recommendations. Samsung's strategy echoes the recent announcements made by Google, whose freshly unveiled Pixel smartphones are the first to come with its new virtual assistant. This is much more advanced than Google Now, and can analyse elements displayed onscreen or in the device history to anticipate certain actions or requests. Artificial intelligence is one of the major fields of development in tech world. In this respect, Viv stands out from the competition as an open ecosystem that doesn't just offer preprogrammed replies. Instead, it writes them itself, as it goes along, and is capable of responding to questions formulated in natural language. According to its creators, Viv can, for example, answer a complex question with several elements, such as: "Will it be warmer than 70 degrees near Golden Gate Bridge after 5PM the day after tomorrow?" The assistant corroborates a multitude of contextual information from the Internet to formulate the most intelligible and accurate reply possible. Viv even writes its own code, evolving each time it answers new questions, whereas other voice assistants simply search for readymade answers. In fact, Viv promises to constantly hone its relevancy over time. Viv stands apart from other current voice assistants, which, as yet, are much more limited in their abilities. Current rivals include Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Amazon's Echo. Ironically, Viv Labs was co-founded by Dag Kittlaus and Adam Cheyer, who previously helped create Siri, which became Apple's voice assistant and a key rival for Samsung. — AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested Twitter impresses advertisers with BuzzFeed US election livestream Investors see artificial intelligence destroying millions of jobs: poll For some, the Zune is not gone and definitely not forgotten Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Nik Abduh: Dr Mahathir should stop with politics and turn to God Cyclist has grand tales to tell after going through 22 countries Southgate hopes for quick resolution to England future advertisement Latest News Bangladesh hopes to recover US$30mil more from cyber heist Revealing an actor's age is illegal? IMDb website sues California Dubai, Saudi to launch US$1bil e-commerce site Twitter impresses advertisers with BuzzFeed US election livestream Broadband in 2,000 more Thai villages by March Most Viewed in Tech Zuckerberg again rejects claims of Facebook impact on US election Revealing an actor's age is illegal? IMDb website sues California Get yourself some dimsum Twitter impresses advertisers with BuzzFeed US election livestream Broadband in 2,000 more Thai villages by March Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of US$81mil stolen in cyber heist Rynet Malaysia offers training for PHP certification Dubai, Saudi to launch US$1bil e-commerce site Alibaba posts record Singles' Day sales Overwatch will be free to play for a weekend Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Go Monday 14 November 2016 News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 FUNAAB threatens to sack striking NASU workers 2 hours ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Don’t rename Petroleum Industry Bill 3 hours ago  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money FG considers incentives for multinationals’ listing 3 hours ago  Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Facilitating the duplicity of smart technologies and innovation in Africa 5 hours ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Conte supported my decision to play at Rio 2016 Olympics, says Mikel 3 hours ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Mark Angel Comedy, 2 other Nigerians win SSA YouTube Awards 1 day ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Mimiko donates food to women in Ilaje, Irele, targets 70,000 beneficiaries across state 3 hours ago  Policy & Politics More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Features  |  Executive Briefs   Choose to be the best By Anyaele Sam Chiyson   |   07 October 2016   |   2:23 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email PHOTO: shutterstock You are unique and special! You are one and only of your kind, you are a rare success with uncommon accomplishments. You have an extra-ordinary intelligence that is inspiring others to find their voice. You are living for a purpose that is powerful as you. You have the orientation and direction that is out of this world. You are giving lives a new meaning! You are manifesting striking results; you have a quality of life that can outlive your life. You are a rare being who sees things differently. You have paid the price to bring your vision into reality. You are the reason for the season; you are full of strength and beauty. Your strength of conviction and successful drive to make the world a better place is mind-blowing. You are pushing forth and moving forward! The way you are contributing meaningfully to the growth and development of nations is life-giving. This is the real you that I know and I urge you to choose to be the success you are. Every one of us is born with the prerogative of determining and the exercise of that prerogative. We have the ultimate freedom to decide how successful we want to become in this life. You and I are responsible for the way we fly our colors respectively. Life and circumstances do not determine our success state. We are endowed with the power to opt for the best; we have the best option. We have been elected to take, adopt or accept only the very best; we have the power to be very successful in this life. Success is a lifestyle and this lifestyle starts in the mind. Success starts in your complex element that feels, perceives, thinks, wills and especially reasons. The way you feel, perceive, think, will and reason determines how well you will rule the world. What do you allow to operate in your head? What are you fixing your thoughts on? Remember that you are in charge of how you hold things in view. You are also responsible for the things you occupy yourself with. The way you set your mind to work matters a lot. You have a desire to act in the right direction. You are the right person with the self-mastery of your success. You have the ultimate right to choose your successful lifestyle. You have freedom from doubt, your life is free from wavering; you have the ultimate freedom to make a success. You are free to go through your consideration but there is a better work to do. Do not yield an inch to challenges; have the bit in your teeth and be champing of the bit to progress towards success. Success is an active state of continuous realization of results through the power of choice. You think success and feel the power you need to fully succeed in accordance with your desires. You make a success and have all things result in gained success for you. You make your mark differently and distinctively. You make a greater difference and transform lives graciously. You make things to result favorably according to plans and desires. You are in charge and on top of things. You are the right person to make what you think and feel to become things you desire. You are responsible for bringing the successful lifestyle you desire into your real life experience. The way you condition your mind to function affects your life and accomplishment. You need to be brave enough to decide what you truly want to accomplish. You really need to be the bravest of the brave, create solutions that will successfully satisfy your quest for greater fulfillment. You can do the right things by yourself and do very well in this life. You can make a success and get to the top of the success ladder. Make up your mind to reach forth to your dreams and fulfill your purpose for living. You do not waste your time and bury opportunities; make it big and make the big time. Everything is turning out well for you, choose to be the best. Anyaele Sam Chiyson is an International Best-Selling Author, Inspirational/Financial Speaker, Business/Marriage Consultant. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: success You may also like Erisco Foods threatens to suspend operations 7 Oct  Features RT. Briscoe to protect customers as Ford dealership ends 7 Oct  Features Aspiring political office holders should be mandated to undertake professional Administration competency training says Dr. Chima 7 Oct  Features Latest FUNAAB threatens to sack striking NASU workers 2 hours ago  Nigeria Compulsory leave order not meant to sack workers, says Aregbesola 2 hours ago  Nigeria Court clears Nze Duru of alleged pension scam charges, as EFCC withdraws case 2 hours ago  Nigeria FG considers incentives for multinationals’ listing 3 hours ago  Money Don’t rename Petroleum Industry Bill 3 hours ago  Opinion More   News FUNAAB threatens to sack striking NASU workers 2 hours ago  Nigeria Compulsory leave order not meant to sack workers, says Aregbesola 2 hours ago  Nigeria Court clears Nze Duru of alleged pension scam charges, as EFCC withdraws case 2 hours ago  Nigeria States to get N20b each for infrastructure 3 hours ago  Nigeria Trending APC crisis deepens as Tinubu evades peace meeting 8 Nov 23  Nigeria Algerians can’t score against me, says Ezenwa 6 Nov 1  Sport Rohr reveals why Chelsea coach is ‘punishing’ Mikel Obi 3 days ago 11  Sport Ondo jubilates over Appeal Court ruling in favour of Eyitayo Jegede 2 days ago 1  News Nigerians mock Soyinka, TB Joshua over Donald Trump 9 Nov 6  Nigeria Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2016 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Gadgets Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Yawning And Intelligence: Longer Yawns Mean Bigger Brains 6 October 2016, 9:11 pm EDT By Rhodi Lee Tech Times Health - Tips For A Longer And Healthier LifeNow Playing Five Interesting Facts About StressNow Playing A new research that involved 29 mammals suggests a link between yawning and brain size. Animals with bigger brain were found to yawn longer.   ( Joe Raedle | Getty Images ) Advertisement People tend to yawn when they are tired and bored but findings of a new study suggest a link between yawning and intelligence. Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York at Oneonta, and his team looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals involved in the study have brain weight that have already been documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realized that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. Gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants, for instance, may have massive sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain. Earlier studies suggest that across species, relative large brains appear to be correlated with complex cognitive skills and more social strategies. Scientists however, consider the brain mass relative to the animal's body size when making speculations about cognitive abilities. Gallup's research team also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, said it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "Using openly accessible data, we show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," the researchers wrote in their study, which was published in Biology Letters on Oct. 4 "Consistent with these effects, primates tend to have longer and more variable yawn durations compared with other mammals." The correlation between brain size and yawn length may be explained by a theory that Gallup proposed in 2007. The idea posits that animals yawn to cool their brains. If this theory is correct, it can help explain why larger brains need a larger yawn to cool and regulate the brain temperature. It also stands to reason why human yawns, which last about 6.5 seconds, are the longest in the animal kingdom beating those of other larger animals with known small brains. Not all scientists, however, are convinced of the cooling function of yawning. TAG Intelligence, brain, Human Brain © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Yawning Is More Contagious Among Women, Study Finds Soy sauce element, yawning cause, sun's sibling are among top 5 scientific revelations of the week Yawning alot? It's just your body trying to regulate your brain temperature Yawning linked to age and not empathy, new study suggests From Our Sponsor Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones: Buying Tips If you're out in the market looking to buy wireless headphones, especially active noise cancelling wireless headphones, here's a list of things you should consider. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? 2 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P To Get Night Mode Again After Android 7.1 Nougat Update Removed It 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 7 Animals Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor 9 Ancient Mating With Neanderthals And Denisovans Helped Ancient Humans Survive Outside Africa 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat: How To Use Multi-Window Mode On Android 7.0 EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Ideas MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Watch Scarlett Johansson in the First Trailer for Ghost in the Shell Ibuprofen May Not Be As Safe As You Think The Truth About What Alcohol Does to Your Heart Doctor Strange Dominates in Second Box Office Weekend Review: Saturday Night Live Is in Mourning, But Won’t Say Why Musician Leon Russell Dies at 74 Heart Disease Is Way Down In the U.S. Watch Kate McKinnon Sing ‘Hallelujah’ in a Powerful SNL Cold Open Watch Dave Chappelle Parody The Walking Dead on Saturday Night Live Watch Dave Chappelle’s Saturday Night Live Monologue TIME Ideas politics Donald Trump’s Wealth Is Fool’s Gold Cody Cain Oct. 7, 2016 SHARE Mike Segar—Reuters Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Henderson, Nev., on Oct. 5, 2016. Cain is a writer It certainly doesn’t qualify him to be president Donald Trump wants you to believe that because he is rich, he must also be smart and therefore he is qualified to be President of the United States. Trump reinforces this message over and over again. Sometimes he says it directly. He emphasized it at his announcement that he was running for president. “I’m really rich,” he said, and “that’s the kind of mindset, that’s the kind of thinking you need for this country.” And he made certain to highlight this message again during the first presidential debate, his largest audience to date. “I built [a very small loan] into a company that’s worth many, many billions of dollars, with some of the greatest assets in the world,” he said, “and I say that only because that’s the kind of thinking that our country needs.” At other times he is more sly. He frequently holds campaign events surrounded by images of his wealth. He gives interviews from his gilded penthouse apartment, stages rallies with his private jet featured prominently in the background, and holds campaign events in his luxury hotels and golf clubs. Trump, who has no experience in government, has based his entire candidacy upon the notion that he is rich. Admittedly, it is tempting to believe that someone who is rich must also be smart. After all, we have been told that our system is based upon merit such that those who work the hardest and possess the greatest ability will be rewarded the most financially. But we all know that the system is not always fair. Sometimes people stumble into wealth without possessing any sort of enhanced intelligence or ability at all, such as by winning the lottery, receiving a large inheritance or unwittingly discovering oil in their back yard. To be sure, it must be said that no one knows the truth about how much Trump is actually worth. Trump has claimed that he is worth more than $10 billion, but Bloomberg estimated his wealth at $3 billion. The real question is whether he made all this money by being smart. It seems quite plausible that Trump owes his fortune to a single factor: dumb luck. For Trump, his good fortune began with his inheritance. Trump’s father was a multi-millionaire, and Trump benefitted tremendously from the enormous advantage of being born into wealth and privilege. He also had the good fortune of being able to piggyback on his father’s already established business in real estate. His father’s business was responsible for Trump landing his first major project of developing the Grand Hyatt hotel on 42nd Street in Manhattan. This was the project that established Trump in his own right and essentially gave rise to his career. Trump acknowledges the benefit of his father, but he claims that it was his own genius that enabled him to take what he inherited from his father and expand it into a multi-billion dollar empire. Yet Trump’s success seems to have been derived far more from the underlying circumstances and market conditions than from any specific business acumen exercised by Trump. Trump did not invent or discover anything new; he just went into the established family business and got lucky. The value of Trump’s real estate assets did indeed increase dramatically. But it is difficult to attribute this wealth to anything specific about Trump. Trump began his carrier in the late 1970s and early 1980s just when the nation was beginning a financial recovery from the recession of the earlier 1970s. The nation experienced a temporary boom during the 1980s that included an increase in the value of luxury real estate, in part due to the appalling tax cuts for the wealthy granted by President Ronald Reagan. This broad market increase helped create Trump’s fortune. And when the market turned and went down in the early 1990s, guess what happened to Trump? Well, he went down, too. In fact, he was wiped-out. He never saw it coming. Several years later, the market came roaring back, especially for the wealthy. So Trump recovered as well. This is when Trump wrote his book, Trump: The Art of the Comeback, and claimed credit for his own revival. Over the course of Trump’s career, he has made some horrendous decisions. For example, he purchased the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan for top dollar at the worst time in 1988 right before the dramatic market collapse that wiped him out. In another example, he began a new business, Trump Mortgage, that provided residential mortgages right before the dramatic collapse of the national mortgage market that kicked-off the financial crisis of 2008. The business failed. When Trump attempted to branch out into other business areas outside of real estate, he also made plenty of bad decisions. He had casinos in Atlantic City end up in bankruptcy. He was forced by his creditors to sell off his airline. He shut down his ill-fated Trump University in the face of private and governmental fraud lawsuits. And he left a string of other business failures in his wake as well, like the Trump board game and the Trump travel site. This certainly does not sound like any sort of a business wunderkind. “I’m very, very, very intelligent,” Trump has insisted, in one of his countless attempts at convincing other people that he is smart. Of course, genuinely smart people do not need to tell other people that they are smart, especially over and over again, because the evidence speaks for itself. Tap to read full story TIME Ideas hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary on events in news, society, and culture. We welcome outside contributions. Opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of TIME editors. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC Future Menu What is BBC Future?  Latest  In Depth  Video  OUR PICKS  Best of Future DISCOVER  The Genius Behind The Genius Behind Brain 'We’re growing brains outside of the body' Madeleine Lancaster has 300 brains growing in her lab – here’s how she’s done it. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Share on WhatsApp Share on Google+ Share by Email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share by Email By Zaria Gorvett 5 October 2016 As she speaks, Madeleine Lancaster rests her hand on her pregnant belly. “Oh they’re about six or seven months along now”. At this point her progeny measure about four millimetres across. She’s growing a few hundred, and each has around two million neurons already. Watch how the brains are grown Madelaine Lancaster grows the tiny brains in her lab in this short film Fortunately, she’s not talking about an enormous brood of unborn babies – though she is expecting one normal human. No, this scientist is referring to a batch of developing human brains. We’re in the MRC’s brand new molecular biology lab in Cambridge – a sprawling warren of glass-fronted laboratories, space-age equipment and hallways which seem to stretch for miles. It’s not secret or underground, but the £212m building is home to a number of futuristic projects worthy of their own Hollywood movie. View image of (Credit: Zaria Gorvett) In her own small corner of this research utopia, Madeleine’s team is at work on a task so absurd it seems more wizardly than scientific: they’re transforming human skin into brains. “The brains develop in the same way you would see in an embryo,” says Madeleine. This may be true, but their surroundings are rather different. In place of a womb, the disembodied brains are raised in giant incubators. Without a blood supply they are fed with a nutrient-rich fluid which is refreshed every few days. And, of course, they don’t have an immune system: everything – everything – which comes into contact with them must be disinfected first with alcohol. Just like regular brains, each is composed of specific regions When she opens the incubator door – well, I have to admit they don’t look as impressive as I’d imagined: insipid, watery blobs floating in a pool of pale pink liquid. They look more like bits of waterlogged popcorn than powerhouses of intellectual ability. But their looks are deceiving. In fact these “cerebral organoids”, as they have been christened, are strikingly similar to the brains of ordinary people. Just like any other brain, the organoids are divided into grey matter – which is made of neurons – and white matter, a fatty tissue composed of their spindly ‘tails’. View image of (Credit: Zaria Gorvett) And just like regular brains, each is composed of specific regions. There’s the wrinkled cortex (thought to be the seat of language and conscious thought) the hippocampus (the centre of emotion and memory), the ancient, muscle-coordinating cerebellum, and many, many others. In all, they are equivalent to the brains of nine-week-old foetuses. So how are they made? With a few simple ingredients – and an unquenchable enthusiasm for drenching things in alcohol – you too could have a miniature brain in a matter of months In fact, making a brain isn’t as difficult as you might expect. With a few simple ingredients – and an unquenchable enthusiasm for drenching things in alcohol – you too could have a miniature brain in a matter of months. First off, you’ll need some cells. Lancaster’s team took theirs from samples of donated skin but, somewhat disconcertingly, to make this masterpiece of human evolution you could start with any cell type – be it nose, liver, or toenail. Only stem cells are able to develop into all the body’s tissues, so next you’ll need to turn your cells into some of those. For this, the team used a kind of cellular youth serum, a protein cocktail which can rewind the clock and turn any cell back into an embryonic-like state. View image of (Credit: iStock) After about a week of growth, you should end up with a sheet of cells which can be scraped off the petri dish and moulded into a ball. Lancaster takes out what looks like an empty dish of pink liquid. “You can see them in there – they are tiny at this point,” she says. Sure enough, each well contains a white dot about the size of a comma. “They kind of want to become an embryo,” she says. (Watch the video below to see more.) This media cannot be played on your device. Eventually each stem cell will begin to specialise, turning the uniform balls into a jumble of different cell types. Among them will be brain cells. To begin with, the researchers are doting parents, keeping their embryos fed and encouraging them to continue to grow. But they aren’t spoilt for long. Next the balls of cells are transferred to a new dish, this time with very little food. As the cells begin to starve, most of them will die off, leaving only the brain cells behind. “They are really robust – I don’t think anyone knows why,” she says. The brains are constantly buzzing with electrical activity as neurons zap off signals to one another Finally, the developing brains are enveloped in a blanket of jelly. “It’s the opposite of normal jelly – it starts off as a liquid which you pour on and it jellifies as it warms up in the incubator,” she says. The jelly mimics the tissue a brain would normally be surrounded with in an embryo – like a makeshift skull – and encourages them to develop relatively normally. Then all you have to do is sit back and wait. Three months later, the finished product is about four millimetres across and contains around two million neurons. “A fully developed, adult mouse brain only contains four million, so you can do a lot with that number,” she says. The brains are constantly buzzing with electrical activity as neurons zap off signals to one another – though Lancaster says this isn’t much of an achievement on her part. “It’s not very special but it does tell us that we are making functional neurons and that they are acting like neurons,” she says. She compares it to the heart cells which scientists coaxed to beat inside a petri dish back in 2013; while heart cells are programmed to “want” to pump, neurons “want” to fire. “Even if you have a neuron by itself in a dish with no other neurons, it wants to fire so badly that it will connect to itself in order to fire,” she says. View image of (Credit: iStock) At the moment, Lancaster’s brains aren’t thought to be able to think. Nobody understands how the activity of our brains gives rise to thoughts – and it’s surprisingly difficult to define what a thought actually is – but it might go something like this. Usually, when we’re exposed to stimulation from the outside world – smells, sounds, ideas – our brains store the information by strengthening the connections between our neurons or forming new ones. The average adult will have as many as 1,000 trillion, which together give our brains an equivalent processing power to a one trillion-bit-per-second computer. And here’s the rub. Even with all the same components as regular brains, without a body to provide information about the world around them, the brains simply can’t develop normally. “The neurons are working but they aren’t really organised relative to one another,” she says. Lancaster gives the example of people who are born blind. “Since they aren’t exposed to light, the part of the brain that [these signals] would normally connect up is actually not going to form,” she says. The team has been taking individual genes involved in brain development and replacing them with the chimpanzee version – then using these cells to make hybrid chimp-human brains If you hooked lab-grown brains up to an EEG, you probably wouldn’t see anything. The so-called “brain waves” which the machines can detect occur as a result of millions of neurons firing in synchrony; when combined, their electrical signals are detectable through the scalp. “This is kind of a good thing, I think. I’d have some issues if I thought there was proper network formation there,” she says. But making conscious brains was never part of the plan. Instead, Lancaster is using hers to answer a decades-old mystery: for all our intellectual superiority, the genetic difference between humans and chimpanzees is around 1.2%. That’s only 12 times higher than the differences between individual humans (0.1%). Why? View image of (Credit: iStock) To find out, the team has been taking individual genes involved in brain development and replacing them with the chimpanzee version – then using these cells to make hybrid chimp-human brains. As they develop, the role of the gene often becomes clear; the brains with the chimpanzee gene may be significantly smaller than ordinary human brains, or contain fewer neurons, for example. In other words, the brains allow researchers to do experiments they would normally never be allowed to do (imagine the controversy if a chimpanzee gene was added to an actual human). Eventually, Lancaster hopes to do the opposite version of the experiments with lab-grown chimpanzee brains, too. This is tricky, because they are a protected species – you can’t just walk up to a chimpanzee and take a piece of skin – but they’ve found an alternative, if fairly unglamorous, supply of cells. “If an animal has a baby in a zoo, they would normally just throw away the placenta, but we can take these leftovers,” she says. Several groups are working on improving the brains, introducing a blood supply so that they can grow larger Elsewhere, the organoids are being used to study uniquely human diseases, from autism to schizophrenia. Historically, it was difficult to study their causes in the lab because – by their very definition – no other animal can get them. Take autism. Severely autistic children aren’t able to speak – how can you study this disorder in a mouse if it was never able to speak in the first place? By comparing brains grown from the skin of normal adults and autistic patients, last year scientists were able to show that the disease may be caused by an imbalance of the two main types of neuron, those which initiate signals (excitatory neurons), and those which act as a brake (inhibitory neurons). “In a normal brain there’s a very fine balance between those two types, so you could imagine this could have a big impact on the way the networks function,” says Lancaster. View image of (Credit: iStock) The real breakthrough is that not only can the brains simulate these disorders, but they allow scientists to go back in time and work out why the autistic brains are different. “You can watch them over time and find out at what point during their development they start to look different. Well of course you can’t normally do that,” she says. The man-made brains are already transforming our understanding of the brain, its disorders and what makes humans special. Though they were only invented in 2013, a quick Google search of “cerebral organoids” turns up 2,820 scientific papers already. So what does the future hold? Several groups are working on improving the brains, introducing a blood supply so that they can grow larger; at the moment, the 4mm brains are entirely reliant on Oxygen and nutrients diffusing in from the surrounding liquid. For many scientists, the ultimate goal is for the brains to function like normal brains – forming networks which can be stained, sliced up and studied like the brains of lab mice. But for now, the organoids are as inert as the bits of popcorn they resemble. Join 700,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Instagram. If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday. Related Stories View image of (Credit: iStock) The Genius Behind The dos and don’ts of genius Secrets of six innovative minds View image of Coffee production may need to move to cooler climates (Credit: Getty Images) The Genius Behind Will climate change make foods extinct? The myths and reality about coffee, chocolate and other crops Food Climate change View image of (Credit: SPL) The Genius Behind Is this weird plant the future of food? Why ‘resurrection plants’ could change what we eat Agriculture View image of (Credit: Thinkstock) The Genius Behind What your body fluids say about you Blood, sweat, tears, and earwax - the secrets of your secretions Medicine Follow BBC Future Facebook Twitter What is BBC Future?  Latest  In Depth  Video  OUR PICKS  Best of Future DISCOVER  The Genius Behind Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Artificial Intelligence Vendor Viv Labs Acquired by Samsung       Artificial Intelligence Vendor Viv Labs Acquired by Samsung     By Todd R. Weiss  |  Posted 2016-10-07 Print               Samsung bought Viv Labs to add more AI capabilities to its product line as the technology gathers more interest from consumers. Samsung has acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence company started by the creators of Apple's Siri digital assistant, to bolster AI capabilities in its smartphones and other consumer products. The deal, which was announced by Samsung on Oct. 6, will be used to broaden an AI-based open ecosystem across all of its devices and services, the company said in a statement. "With Viv, Samsung will be able to unlock and offer new service experiences for its customers, including one that simplifies user interfaces, understands the context of the user and offers the user the most appropriate and convenient suggestions and recommendations," the company said. Viv Labs' open AI platform lets third-party developers use and build conversational assistants and integrate a natural language-based interface into applications and services, which can extend mobile devices and services for users. Viv's platform allows developers to "teach" the system how to create new applications or to work with existing applications, according to Samsung. The acquisition price for Viv Labs, which was created by two of the co-creators of Apple's Siri digital assistant, was not disclosed. Viv will remain a separate operation and will continue under its existing leadership, Samsung said. Viv was founded by Dag Kittlaus, Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham. Kittlaus and Cheyer co-created Siri. "Unlike other existing AI-based services, Viv has a sophisticated natural language understanding, machine learning capabilities and strategic partnerships that will enrich a broader service ecosystem," Injong Rhee, CTO of Samsung's mobile communications business, said in a statement. "Viv was built with both consumers and developers in mind. This dual focus is also what attracted us to Viv as an ideal candidate to integrate with Samsung home appliances, wearables and more, as the paradigm of how we interact with technology shifts to intelligent interfaces and voice control." Viv is named after the Latin root for the word, live, and essentially writes its own code as it operates to generate its answers to inquiries, according to an earlier eWEEK story. Viv uses a technology called Dynamic Program Generation to grasp the context of a question, and then creates word clouds and relationships between the items to figure out the information needed to answer it, the story reported. With each query, it has more to work with and grows smarter. "At Viv, we're building the simplest way for anyone to talk to devices and services everywhere," Kittlaus said in a statement about the Samsung acquisition. "We see a future that is decidedly beyond apps—where you can get what you need quickly and easily no matter where you are, or what device you are near. Samsung offers us a unique opportunity to deliver a single conversational interface to the world's apps and services across a diverse range of products, at global scale." Apple's Siri was introduced on Oct. 4, 2011.           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers Google Gives Gmail for iOS Major Overhaul NXP Unveils New Technologies for Autonomous Vehicles Google Moves to Mobile-First Indexing for Search                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Speaking of Science Can all great apes ‘read minds’ like humans do? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Rachel Feltman October 7 Follow @rachelfeltman Do chimps possess a true theory of mind? (Sia Kambou/AFP) You might not know it, but you're a seasoned mind reader. Picture this: Your partner frequently loses the car keys in the couch cushions, and each morning conducts a harried search for them before work. Whenever you see him or her march into the living room with that telltale look of frustration, you know they're about to make a beeline for that blasted couch. You know what's going on in their head, based on their actions and the context of previous behaviors. [Are we approaching the limits of human life span?] This ability to imagine what might be going on in someone else's head is known as the theory of mind. Whether nonhuman animals can possess it is a matter of some debate. But according to a new study in Science, the nonhuman members of the great ape family may indeed have the same mental capacity. “Decades of research with our closest relatives — chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas and orangutans — have revealed that great apes do possess many aspects of theory of mind,” study author Christopher Krupenye of the Max Planck Institute (who conducted the research while at Duke University) wrote for the Conversation. “For one, they can identify the goals and intentions behind others’ actions. They’re also able to recognize which features of the environment others can see or know about." One recent study even found signs of theory of mind in ravens, suggesting aspects of it could be more common than previously assumed. But humans were still thought to have a better handle on the whole business. “Where apes have consistently failed, though, is on tasks designed to assess their understanding of others’ false beliefs. They don’t seem to know when someone has an idea about the world that conflicts with reality,” Krupenye added. [The surprising, adorable thing that goats and puppies have in common] Imagine you'd just pulled your partner's keys out of the couch yourself and put them on a bookshelf for safe keeping. You know they didn't watch you do so, so you assume they'll start for the couch as usual unless you clue them in. You understand that they have a perception of reality that you know to be false. That's the tricky aspect of mind reading that Krupenye and his colleagues wanted to study. To do so, they rounded up 40 bonobos, chimpanzees and orangutans and took them to the movies. The films showed interactions between people and “apes.” (The latter actually were humans — who are technically apes — dressed up as nonhuman apes.) The people searched for objects on-screen with various interventions from the ape characters. Sometimes an ape would hide an object while the person watched, then hide it again while the individual was off-screen. [These genius crows almost went extinct before scientists discovered they can use tools] By tracking the eyes of the great-ape moviegoers, the researchers determined that their audience expected the humans on-screen to look for objects in the last place the humans had seen them. In other words, they seemed to not only understand that the seekers were looking for an object but also that they were operating under false pretenses. In this experiment, ape subjects watch as a person dressed in an ape costume hides an object from a human. The red dots show where the subjects are looking, showing that they understand the human's false belief about the location of the object. (Christopher Krupenye, Fumihiro Kano, MPI-EVA, Kumamoto Sanctuary) “They can anticipate that an individual will search for an object where they last saw it, even though the apes know that it’s no longer there,” Krupenye told New Scientist. “That is a really important human skill that has never been shown before in apes.” [What one snarky facial expression could teach us about the evolution of language] “It’s a very surprising and novel finding,” Victoria Southgate, a developmental psychologist at the University of London, told Science Magazine. Southgate wasn't involved in the new study, but she helped develop the eye-tracking technique — which she had previously used to test human infants. “It’s an almost exact replication of the study we did, and the apes appear to pass. It suggests that the capacity to track others’ perspectives and beliefs is not unique to humans,” she said. In a commentary on the study published in Science, Emory University's Frans de Waal called the research, which he did not help to conduct, "a genuine breakthrough.” “The results contain a lesson for those who jump on negative outcomes regarding animal mental capacities as proof of human distinctiveness,” de Waal wrote. “As the old mantra goes, absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. We should always keep an open mind about the capacities of nonhuman species.” Some researchers are still skeptical, arguing that the team could be anthropomorphizing a behavior that doesn't quite reach human levels of empathy. Maybe apes know that individuals will look for an object in the right place they saw it but don't possess a conscious understanding of the fact that those individuals hold a mistaken belief. But Krupenye and his colleagues are optimistic — and excited about the evolutionary implications for our own species. “If apes do in fact possess this aspect of theory of mind, the implication is that most likely it was present in the last evolutionary ancestor that human beings shared with the other apes,” he wrote in the Conversation. "By that metric, this core human skill — recognizing others’ false beliefs — would have evolved at least 13 to 18 million years before our own species Homo sapiens hit the scene.” Read more: Dear Science: Why aren’t apes evolving into humans? This scientist is using nanotechnology to build a better menstrual pad  Wombats have buns of steel — and they might literally be deadly Bigger brains mean longer yawns It’s been 53 years since a woman won the Nobel Prize in physics. What’s the holdup? national health-science speaking-of-science Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national health-science speaking-of-science Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog. Follow @rachelfeltman Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 ‘I’ve never seen anything like that': Confederate flags at California Veterans Day parade 2 Shaving one morning, he felt a small lump under his jaw. It wasn’t just a lump. 3 New statin guidelines: Everyone 40 and older should be considered for the drug therapy 4 Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles 5 A giant reservoir that supplies a California county’s drinking water is nearly empty Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game national health-science speaking-of-science Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video European Commission dangles €374m for low-power exascale research Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack SimpliVity results scream 'I'm perfect for you, HPE!' Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Software biz boss on harassment charges represents himself, says I want a jury Google's crusade to make mobile web apps less, well, horrible Slacker or Team playa? Microsoft's Mr Business takes on messaging's corporate raider Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Join the Q: British intel agencies seek tech-savvy apprentices Russian banks floored by withering DDoS attacks The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel European Commission dangles €374m for low-power exascale research Former Autonomy CFO indicted in USA for misleading investors Zuckerberg says just one per cent of news on Facebook is fake FCC wants a word with AT&T about that zero-rated DirecTV streaming Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever Sega MegaDrive/Genesis lives again, in Brazil! SPB Geek's Guide Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Brace yourselves! Blighty is turning to AI for help Verity Stob Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Kotkin: Why Trump won Emergent Tech Internet of Things Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Why Pinky? What are we doing tomorrow? 7 Oct 2016 at 09:31, Alistair Dabbs Alistair Dabbs Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Something For The Weekend, Review, Tablet, Apple, Intel Recent Articles What will happen when I'm too old to push? (buttons, that is) Apple’s macOS Sierra update really puts the fan into 'fanboi' Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Something for the Weekend, Sir? Yikes, all I have to do is go away for a couple of weeks and all hell breaks loose. But at least it’s the right kind of hell: that is, the veritable technological hell that I’ve been predicting in these columns for years. First off as I sit back in my late-vacation sun lounger to read the news on my tablet is that the Krebs on Security blog was booted offline after suffering a 665Gbps DDoS attack. Who can we blame for this cybercrime assault on cybercrime writer Brian Krebs? The culprit turns out to be a million or more dipshit Internet of Things devices such as cameras and thermostats that passively allowed themselves to be rogered by infected code before spontaneously forming a botnet of mutual insanity. So you may as well forget about human hackers, laugh in the masked face of Anonymous, tell Mr Robot it’s “Game Over” and slip an exploding Galaxy Note 7 into Zero Cool’s high-waisted '90s slacks. No, thanks to IoT, your worldwide organisation is most likely to be taken down by a fucking light bulb. And to think Lucy Orr has been harbouring a hardened cybercriminal all this time. This is possibly why the topic of robots taking over the world came up (again, yawn) during Professor Nick Bostrom’s keynote speech on artificial intelligence at the opening of IP Expo Europe this week in London. In the future, you can never have enough paperclips. Prof Nick Bostrom at IP Expo Europe. In fact, he was a bit of a killjoy for sci-fi fans in the audience by dismissing the scenario in which an AI becomes self-aware and self-determining before ridding the world of that pestilence known as humanity. “An AI might have a high level of intellectual performance,” he noted, “but that’s not the same as human-like consciousness. It won’t have a human-like sensory experience or understanding of pain and suffering, for example.” Aha but isn’t that the very danger we’re talking about? Ultimately, those unfeeling lightbulbs are psychopaths, calmly wiping out everything in their way without being restrained by conventional human morality. Prof Bostrom is having none of it. “The argument is that an AI might decide to hack its way out of itself. However, an AI won’t do something that goes against its purpose.” The trick, then, is making sure the AI is focused on doing something sensible rather than letting it decide for itself what it should do based on a limited sensory experience of real life. Get an AI to run your paperclip factory more efficiently, sure, but give it a tightly controlled context. He also reminds us of the legend of King Midas – fintech AI developers please take note. In other words, programmers design the AI to do something and, as a result, effectively set the direction and values of its self-learning process. If you design an AI toaster to make toast, it shouldn’t want to do much else other than to make the best toast it can, and lots of it. I toast therefore I am. Youtube Video On the other hand, Prof Bostrom is more concerned with who determines what morality an AI should abide by. There are social and, inevitably, political issues to be fought over when choosing the kind of ethics and value alignment to be built into AIs of the future. This is partly what the Partnership on AI group was set up to discuss, with the involvement of Amazon, DeepMind, Google, Facebook, IBM and Microsoft. Let’s hope they like toast. The professor’s take on cybersecurity is that hackers will be hackers, and that an AI is pretty much like any other computer system in this respect: it needs to be made secure. The awkward bit, he admits, is that AIs are only as good as the data you feed them, citing the example earlier this year of Microsoft’s Tay chatbot being groomed into spouting racist slurs by mischievous Tweeters. Well that’s just spanky: if a hoard of rampaging lightbulbs don’t get us, the nazi toasters will. We can learn two important lessons from this: 1. Despite all the warnings, today’s IoT devices remain a stinking cesspool of insecurity. And I’m not convinced their manufacturers give a hoot. Where’s the protection? Where’s the self-patching? Where’s the will to do the right thing by its gullible fools customers? 2. We should limit AI’s exposure to the general public. An AI is, by definition, a “high level machine intelligence”. The public is, by definition, a “bunch of nutters”. They should be kept well apart until AI development reaches the big take-off point which, Prof Bostrom reckons, may still be 50 years away. In the meantime, we poor humans will have to make our own entertainment. Sci-fi doom-mongers are safe for a good number of novels and movies yet. On that note, I was pleased to read during my holiday about researchers at Stanford University who had persuaded a monkey to type “To be or not to be. That is the question.” No roomful of primates was required, nor an unlimited number of typewriters – which, when you think about it, are even more difficult to source these days than the monkeys. What actually happened was that two monkeys were trained to use neural implants to move a cursor across a computer display to trigger circles as they turned green. It was an easy matter to trick the poor hairy buggers to spell out a line of Shakespeare, gain some valuable public relations and have a laugh in the process. It’s a far cry from Planet of the Apes. As long as the IoT lamp in my IoT fridge isn’t harbouring Pinky-and-the-Brain plans to take over the world, I think we’re safe for a while yet. Besides, even if left to their own devices (ho ho), these monkeys are unlikely to want to aspire to either Shakespearean pretensions or world domination. The best we could probably hope for is to turn up at the lab one morning to find that one short-sighted monkey has typed one line: “Is this a banana I see before me?” Youtube Video Alistair Dabbs is a freelance technology tart, juggling IT journalism, editorial training and digital publishing. Despite all the holiday pizzas, he continues to diet, exercise and lose weight. Naturally, he thinks this makes him look younger, leaner and athletic. According to Mrs Dabbsy, however, his neighbours have been asking: “Is he ill?” FBI Update: 15kg. Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 45 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the data centre’s N-Dimensional challenge In this paper learn about the software driven approach to controlling virtualised environments. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email is the critical communications tool; interruptions are costly At LOGICnow, we have invested significantly to develop email security services that are reliable, scalable and secure. Most read Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Physicists create the world's tiniest magnifying glass to see atomic bonds 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Race for wireless VR headset heats up CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Spotlight Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Rugby Pro 12 International Rugby European Cup All Sport Rugby International Rugby European Cup Pro 12 Soccer National League English Soccer Champions League International Soccer Euro 2016 Soccer Stats Gaelic Games Gaelic Football Hurling Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Sportswoman of the Year Comment Columnists Schools Sport Specials Sportswoman of the Year Podcasts Second Captains Partner Sites Irishracing.com By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Liam Toland: Stander and Heaslip bring different qualities Both men will be compared right up to the announcement of team to face All Blacks Fri, Oct 7, 2016, 07:00 Liam Toland CJ Stander takes on Leinster’s Jamie Heaslip during last April’s PRO12 clash at the Aviva. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho         Tomorrow we’ll be served another Celtic clash where two protagonists have arrived from different global locations but with equally huge roles to play for their respective provinces. Let’s examine this key match-up. Jamie Heaslip, I note, has managed only 65 per cent of CJ Stander’s playing time this season and as expected the two will be compared right up until the team for the All Black game is announced. This season Stander has managed 228 metres of ball carrying over Heaslip’s 69 metres or 30 per cent. So what can we read from these and other stats? Stander is way ahead on metres gained and carries but digging deeper we can spot some other notable trends. Stander is making but a yard more per carry than Heaslip so little difference there. But he is ahead three-zero in line breaks and and crucially has beaten seven defenders to his Leinster rival’s zero. But Heaslip is ahead on tackles and turnovers. With the All Blacks in mind, a huge factor in beating them will be stopping them play, particularly in those closing championship minutes. When it comes to breakdown turnovers Heaslip (an 80 -minute man) is hugely important. So too is Peter O’Mahony who, if fit for the fray,is superb at this action even if coming off the Irish bench in those closing minutes with that specific role to play. Huge value However although important, what really interests me is that Heaslip has 83 per cent of Stander’s passing off far less possession. So before merging all the stats one can conclude that Stander is adding huge value to everything he does especially as he bashes his way around the park, energising all those on the pitch and in the stand. Second Captains But Heaslip is being asked to do something entirely different with his 80 minutes but is getting far more of his team-mates into the game than Stander. ADVERTISEMENT In essence we need both players and both styles but should both players morph a tad towards the other’s strength then we get an even greater outcome. For instance should Stander’s first instinct to batter opposition defences out of the way become slightly diluted by subtle offloads/passes pre-contact then defences will be tricked. Munster are placing Stander at the forefront of everything,hence his extraordinary stats. But in examining Heaslip’s stats one should look at what his team-mates are accomplishing because of his less obvious actions. Impressively Munster are adding huge value around the ball but not just the ball carrier where for example the options available to Stander this season are far improved. Take a quality player like Darren Sweetnam who I flagged last week. Not only has he football intelligence he has spatial intelligence. It’s now becoming Stander’s challenge to unlock these support runners which brings me to a key difference between Heaslip and Stander. Many of Stander’s offloads are post contact. He first dominates, then offloads where Heaslip often does his work before contact. Both benefit but, with ever improving defences, knowing which option to select can really expose defences. This is especially evident off turnover ball (against New Zealand); watch what either player does tomorrow. On a different tack (though still relevant to Stander), I was fascinated by the aftermath of the All-Ireland replay and was interested in the words of Tomás Ó Sé when reviewing the result “ they [Mayo] need to find two young lads over the winter who have that confidence and fearlessness and put them in the team”. Now I’m sure Ó Sé was implying Mayo find them from within their borders and not, for example, source two quality fringe Dublin players to solve their problems! With an eye on tomorrow’s fixture I note once againn that the flow of ‘project’ players remains unabated. Is this a good thing for our game; domestically, provincially or internationally? Think of Ó Sé’s words in the context of last Saturday and imagine for a moment a Mayo player having arrived recently into Mayo togging out against his Dublin cousin for his first Mayo appearance as Richardt Strauss did for his first Ireland match against his cousin Adriaan Strauss in November 2012. Stander also debuted against his native South Africa. Both are very special players and indeed huge additions to both their adopted province and country. But I simply can’t get my head around this three-year residency rule. As desperate as Mayo are to get the Sam Maguire would they dilute their side with outsiders? What negative price is this system with Rhys Marshall et al arriving? Does it give our provinces a greater hand in negotiating, especially when the big-money clubs in France and England are outbidding us on world class players? Add depth Did the lure of an Irish cap and more European money come into play for the wonderful Bundee Aki? But Marshall, now Ireland’s third project hooker after Strauss and Connacht’s quality hooker Tom McCartney, is solving one problem – injuries in Munster. The others add depth in the other provinces but these projects are costing in developmental terms. This of course is not what players such as Ruan Pienaar and Brad Thorne have offered. Clearly the rest of the world are conscious of the now well-worn track from the islands into New Zealand and want a piece of this action. Interestingly Agustín Pichot, the Argentina legend, is advocating an extension to the three-year period; I agree and suggest seven years. As Argentina are unlikely to attract rugby players all the way to Argentina as naturally as we can do in Europe, Pichot is keen to lessen the advantage as it’s hardly an advantage to them. But they appear to be alone. ADVERTISEMENT liamtoland@yahoo.com       Topics: Adriaan Strauss Aki Bundee CJ Stander Jamie Heaslip Rhys Marshall Richardt Strauss Mayo Munster South Africa Read More Liam Toland: Player rotation crucial to canny Joe Schmidt strategy Liam Toland: Precision proves pivotal on a perfect day Liam Toland: All Blacks are not perfect – but Ireland need to be Liam Toland: Joe Schmidt’s men can stop the All Blacks in their tracks Liam Toland: It was Anthony’s intelligence that stood out most Liam Toland: Connacht will prosper if they focus on protecting the ball Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times International Ken Early: When the going gets tough, Ireland get going International Gerry Thornley: Focus returns to showdown with All Blacks Sport After Trump’s victory I’m abandoning ‘real’ news, give me sport instead International Ken Early: James McClean continues to thrive on passion Sponsored My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan Designed for life: Helen James on creativity and a life InSync ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Pro12 Table & Fixtures  Team P W D L F A BP Pts Leinster 8 7 0 1 207 130 3 31 Munster 8 6 0 2 205 111 4 28 Ospreys 8 5 0 3 262 140 6 26 Glasgow 7 5 0 2 200 134 6 26 Ulster 8 5 0 3 157 124 3 23 Cardiff 8 5 0 3 190 195 2 22 Scarlets 7 4 0 3 126 118 2 18 Edinburgh 8 3 0 5 172 178 2 14 Dragons 8 2 0 6 128 190 3 11 Connacht 7 2 0 5 111 175 3 11 Zebre 7 1 0 6 94 222 3 7 Treviso 8 1 0 7 114 249 2 6 ADVERTISEMENT Sign up for the very best in news and views from The Irish Times sports team Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times Most Read in Sport 1 Gerry Thornley: Focus returns to showdown with All Blacks 2 Ken Early: When the going gets tough, Ireland get going 3 Conor McGregor remains most valuable asset in UFC’s short history 4 Ken Early: James McClean continues to thrive on passion 5 Ireland 52 Canada 21: Five players who impressed Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Latest Sport After Trump’s victory I’m abandoning ‘real’ news, give me sport instead 06:30 Ken Early: James McClean continues to thrive on passion 06:00 Ken Early: When the going gets tough, Ireland get going 04:00 Gerry Thornley: Focus returns to showdown with All Blacks 01:00 Harry Arter keen to play part in Ireland’s next chapter 01:00 Handy Guide to Sport on Television this Week Monday–Sunday, November 14th – 20th Our Writers Malachy Clerkin After Trump’s victory I’m abandoning ‘real’ news, give me sport instead Ken Early Ken Early: James McClean continues to thrive on passion Mary Hannigan TV View: Poetry in motion as Ireland refuse to read from script Matt Williams Matt Williams: Schmidt’s return to attacking roots was joyous to behold Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Spend Matters Network Spend Matters PRO CPO UK/EU NL MX/LA Almanac | MetalMiner Trade Financing Public Spend US / EU Healthcare Spend Matters UK/Europe menu menu The News Procurement Research Free Research Premium Research Spend Matters Sites Spend Matters Network Spend Matters Public Spend Matters Europe Spend Matters Netherlands Spend Matters México y América Latina MetalMiner Public Spend Forum Trade Financing Matters Spend Matters Group Healthcare Matters About Us Contact Us advertise RSS Subscribe MSDUK Conference – CPO Panel Session Gives Good Advice on Inclusive Procurement (Part 2) Nancy Clinton - October 3, 2016 4:30 AM | Categories: Events | Tags: conferences & events, inclusive procurement, L2, MSDUK, Supplier diversity Following an advisory session from the CPOs on the panel at the recent MSDUK supplier diversity conference, our esteemed procurement leaders fielded some quite pertinent questions from the floor. It was an animated discussion which bore some actionable insight and some very interesting points were made. It’s not important to pinpoint who said what – rather convey the key messages. Q. One attendee remarked how small diverse businesses bring innovation and creativity in a way that today big businesses can't. He cited a recent visit to Harrods where a young female popular blogger was giving advice on makeup: thousands of girls are queuing to pay £15 for ‘her eyelashes,’ he said. The big concerns like Clinique were amazed. Big businesses need to keep up with what’s changing and SMEs can bring that. He observed that the digital revolution is coming out of teenagers’ bedrooms (not necessarily big businesses). These are the dynamic people – his question was: how do these people get noticed, when there is no formal request for their talents? How, for example do they do business with Government? A. The panellists took turns to give their views – rather like Question Time. So we’ll aggregate their answers: it was universally recognised that smaller suppliers bring innovation and intelligence. But it was observed that innovation is something that happens, it’s not something you can force. It takes dialogue. Tech companies are also doing a lot of innovation especially in the fields of AI and machine learning. What’s missing is 'forums.' If Government were to develop forums that suppliers could tap into, it would create a more structured approach. We should start with the problem or expectation, then ask for creations. (We have recognised this approach before in other EU countries over on our Public Spend Forum site.) One supplier from the floor felt innovation is something that is expected from you: your customers come to you because you offer them something others can’t, because you’re the best. The buyer can’t do everything themselves, suppliers bring the innovation. There are many organisations that run award programmes that recognise and reward innovation – so it’s a good idea to look out for those. (And we can tell you about some of them here.) In terms of getting through the Government door, it was acknowledged that it can be a complicated process depending on size of contract. But good advice was given – don’t just think you have to talk solely to procurement. They should be involved, but more importantly, talk to the users. And use organisations like MSDUK, they are important because they can speak on behalf of their members –  "they are our source of getting intelligence on how we could make things easier". Q. But how do you make sure you are talking to the right person, in the right part of the business? That they are not just interested in their monthly targets? A. Organisations that care about inclusive procurement must make it transparent how important small and diverse suppliers are to the business. It needs to be articulated at all levels. Obviously a lot comes down to the skillset of the person you are talking to – if they don’t care, then innovation is stifled, but that’s another issue. You know where your value lies, demonstrate it and remember you can use Procurement to get to another route. Q. During an RFP, we are encouraged not to deviate from the process, we can get marked down. It is a challenge to bring innovation to larger tenders. A. Some parts of government, like DWP, and some businesses hold supplier engagement days with SMEs, and there should be more of that across government, it was felt. There is of course a pre-procurement phase and suppliers are encouraged to use them to get better acquainted and noticed before they go through the process. Q. How will things change after Brexit? A. The panel were all of one mind – that nothing changes for now. There will still be regulations like there are for all countries. In the future, they will depend on the trading relationships we have, then we will put in place the regulations to support them, and we will make them as simple as we can. The key message is ‘business as usual.’ Q. Innovation seems to be the focus when it comes to considering SMEs, but what about efficiency and speed – they are big benefits too. Procurement managers should look to more than innovation and disruption – they should think about agility. When you look at your policies – is that in them? A. All markets are different – the key is to achieve consistency of approach. When we assess value, there are different triggers that are important for commercial, and speed-to-market is one of them. If you can bring agility and cost efficiency, that is innovation. Those things are expected as the baseline, but it’s important to communicate that to all stakeholders. The key is to be able to demonstrate where your strength lies, if it’s speed, give evidence, we will reward that. The session was very well presented and well received by suppliers and buyers alike. At the end of the session, one of the suppliers I spoke with put the value of supplier diversity like this: “We don’t just add colour to your organisation, we add saffron to your cooking,” which was a rather nice way of saying, we add flavour, it’s good for you and you can get a lot out of it. He added – you must think ‘diversity,’ and make sure diverse suppliers are not just a token in your business.  Discuss this: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of new posts by email. Lead Sponsors Popular Posts Recent Comments Public & private sector procurement – what do you think of the differences? The top 5 challenges for the Chief Procurement Officer Remko Van Hoek at the Procurement Summit – California Thinking Crown Commercial Service Technology Products 2 – Looks Good! President Trump and First Thoughts on Procurement Implications The Who, What, Why and How of Supplier Rationalisation RIP Leonard Cohen – “I have tried, in my way, to be free.” : Martyn Gladman said : Like Nancy I first heard Leonard Cohen in my early teens. After listening to the opening verse of Su... Monday Rant - Please Make Your Procurement Content Worthwhile : RJ said : Bit of a plug for your former co-writer, Peter, in that Source Global Research (headed by Fiona Czer... Crown Commercial Service Technology Products 2 - Looks Good! : Secret Squirrel said : Going to disagree, Peter. I don't see many improvements here at all.... 1) A dynamic direct awa... Monday Rant - Please Make Your Procurement Content Worthwhile : Dan2 said : I rate this blog post 3.5 out of 5.... Monday Rant - Please Make Your Procurement Content Worthwhile : Jason Busch said : A good piece, Peter. I read it not so much as just criticizing the junk, but also for the idea of he... Associate Sponsors Procurement Research Spend Matters research is based on a year-long editorial calendar, exploring bigger picture areas and issues. New! The Merger – A Procurement Story A short novel in four chapters. It follows and scripts the daily lives of two CPOs whose businesses have been recently merged: the one, a fully tech-savvy, source-to-pay function, the other, relying on personal expertise and hands-on manual processes. We learn of their opposing challenges and how they resolve them -- together. New! Contingent Labour Review: Key Procurement Priorities (Part 2) - Tomorrow’s market and how to manage it This is the second part of a paper that draws on the real issues faced today by procurement teams managing the growing area of contingent labour spend. It takes these challenges, explores what they might mean for the future of the market, and makes recommendations for procurement professionals to get most value out of their expenditure. New! The “consumerisation” of corporate systems - Can business procurement technology learn from the consumer world? What makes the best in consumer buying technology attractive and effective? This paper examines how procurement can ensure that corporate buying systems apply the best thinking from the consumer world, and why this will bring benefits for everyone. New! Contingent Labour Review: Key Procurement Priorities (Part 1) — Setting the scene for change This paper draws on the real issues faced today by procurement teams managing the growing area of contingent labour spend. It analyses market structures, maturity levels and makes recommendations for senior procurement executives. New! Should Mid-Market Organisations Invest in eProcurement Systems? – The Key Questions Answered This Q & A style paper looks at why the time is right for mid-sized firms to consider investing in purchase to pay technology, and answers the questions typically asked by CFOs and CPOs. New! Improve Your Procurement Negotiation Skills The work of behavioural psychologist and Nobel Prize winner Dr Daniel Kahneman suggests some winning techniques. How to use priming, attitudes to risk and anchoring to your advantage in negotiations! New! Full Value Buying: Moving Beyond Price Negotiation We look at range of procurement mechanisms that can drive better value, and then consider two aspects in more detail - demand management and specification - which can drive far greater benefits than a pure price focus! New! What Defines Complex Sourcing – and Why Does It Matter? In this briefing paper, we look at the factors that contribute towards making a sourcing process or task “complex” – and explain why that matters to procurement functions and people. Case Study: Procurement in SNCF demonstrates its value to the organisation In this case study, we take an honest, detailed look at how France's giant national rail network, SNCF, implemented Sievo's spend management solution. Three Occasions When Procurement Should Spend More In this paper we look at why cost reduction isn’t always the right strategy, we introduce the concept of a Value Category and solve an age-old procurement problem (with Maths)! More Research Decoupling Creative and Production Procurement – Handle with Care! What are the key factors to consider when deciding how to structure marketing services supply chains? Read about the opportunities – and risks – here. Centralise or Devolve Procurement – Why Not Both? Find out how technology is enabling procurement to keep control of what matters, whilst devolving authority to local users and budget holders. Managing Complex Categories; Beware the Complexity of Standardisation! Standardisation is rightly a seen as a key tool to drive CatMan benefits – but it needs to be approached carefully, particularly for complex categories. We explain how to avoid the main traps. Contract Management – Making the business case for investment (part 3) In the final part of this series, we look at the risks that can be mitigated through effective contract management, and pull together final thoughts on the topic. Demonstrating Corporate Social Responsibility in the Marketing Services World We look at buying of marketing materials, and how brand value can be tarnished if procurement and marketing don’t manage CSR issues properly. A Seat at the Top Table This paper discusses how procurement professionals can position themselves best to work at the highest levels of organisations, and how they can show they’re ready for the top jobs! Contract Management – Making the business case for investment (part 2) In the second of this three part series, we look at identifying the various opportunities that can be generated from effective contract management. Choosing the Right Tools – How Procurement Can Better Align with Both Trade and Brand Marketing’s Needs In this short paper we look at the particular needs of Marketing, and how procurement can help by providing the right tools that will be relevant and useful to those colleagues. Also Available Contract Management – Making the business case for investment What Does Usability Really Mean? Making Software Selection Decisions and Getting Behind the Rhetoric Putting the Supplier at the Heart of Procurement Thinking Indirect Category Sourcing Savings: Fact or Fiction? The Four Faces of Procurement Is your Supplier Selection Process a Source of Competitive Disadvantage? Balancing internal and external service provision – key decisions for procurement professionals Supplier Lifecycle Management: Reduce risk, Improve Performance and drive Supplier Value Managing Indirect Services – Procurement’s Greatest Opportunity? Market-Informed Sourcing: A game-changer for Procurement >Full Papers and Briefs List Monthly Newsletter Sign up to receive our monthly newsletter. Filled with top monthly highlights, special features, exclusive content and album of the month. >Subscribe Today Get Social             Coverage eProcurement / Procurement Supply Chain Management Sourcing Commodities Supplier Networks Services and Indirect Spend Healthcare Procurement Network Contributors Pierre Mitchell | Jason Busch Peter Smith | Taras Berezowsky Kaitlyn McAvoy | Sheena Smith Lisa Reisman | Stuart Burns Gert van der Heijden | Tom Finn Xavier Olivera | Jesus Campos Regional Coverage United States United Kingdom and Europe México y América Latina The Netherlands China Quick Links Sponsorship and Advertising Media Kit and Rate Card Privacy Policy Terms of Use Network Sites Spend Matters | Plus / PRO | CPO MetalMiner | MetalMiner Indx Spend Matters UK/Europe Public Spend Matters Europe Spend Matters Netherlands Spend Matters México y América Latina Trade Financing Matters Public Spend Forum Spend Matters Group Healthcare Matters Azul Partners, Inc. 3318 N. Halsted Street Chicago, IL 60657 Corporate Sales: 215.508.7414 Corporate Address 421 West Melrose, 10C Chicago, IL USA 60657 Copyright 2004-2015 Azul Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The News Procurement Research Free Research Premium Research Spend Matters Sites Spend Matters Network Spend Matters Public Spend Matters Europe Spend Matters Netherlands Spend Matters México y América Latina MetalMiner Public Spend Forum Trade Financing Matters Spend Matters Group Healthcare Matters About Us Contact Us advertise RSS Subscribe


News24 News. Breaking News. First LAST UPDATED: 2016-11-14, 09:32 The stress test Obama used to save the economy By insisting that policy must trump politics President Obama saved the American banking system and economy, writes Mpumelelo Mkhabela. Cape Town Monday 14-23°C Sunny. Mild. 3 day forecast Tuesday 14-26°c Sunny. Warm. Wednesday 16-22°c Mostly sunny. Mild. Thursday 16-20°c Mostly sunny. Mild. More weather from Weather24 > Brought to you by: News South Africa World Africa Entertainment Green Health Opinions Voices MyNews24 Columnists Business Markets Personal Finance Economy Opinion Small Business BizNews FinWeek Sport News Rugby Cricket Soccer Golf Tennis Formula1 Other Sport SuperSport Live Streaming Video Highlights Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Motoring News New Models 4X4 Formula One MotorSport Bikes Your Wheels Travel News Explore Family Holidays SA Holiday Guide Weekend Escapes Travel Planning My Travels Lifestyle Health Women Motoring Food Travel Entertainment Parent Volunteers24 Games GameZone Dating Video News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Parenting Travel Health Focus Obituaries Zimbabwe Aids Focus Good News City Press Competitions isiZulu Jobs Property City Press   PLEASE NOTE: MyNews24 is a user-generated section of News24.com. The stories here come from users.   Marinda Venter   Comments: 0 Article views: 732       Proposal for a solution to #feesmustfall# 08 October 2016, 20:15 The tertiary educational model does not just stem from a colonial legacy. It originated in the schools of the ancient and medieval worlds and as such should be redundant in the current era.The individual and failure of tertiary institutions A while back Time magazine’s Person of the Year was you, and me.  We live in a time that individuals matter and have influence.  They should also be taught in a new and personal way. And they should all have the opportunity to learn and study for the advancement of themselves and their communities. Tertiary educational institutions, especially as they now experience crises, should overcome their heavy inertia and move away from traditional models. Why should students be heaped upon one place far away from their friends, communities and support systems? This causes such wastage of resources and money. Students must be expensively supported in another geographical place, away from their families.  Also the costly infrastructure must be created to accommodate these students academically and residentially. Technology The technology exists to teach people in a personal and individual manner. Real time personal feedback can be provided. The internet with its capacity for websites, tutorials, video chats, online chats, virtual classrooms and the new offers in virtual reality equipment, all support the needs of the individual learner. A lot of people do have access to the internet. But there are those that do not have access to all the necessary hardware and to the costly data provided by communication service providers. Schools and media centres In our communities we have the infrastructure to accommodate learning and media centres for tertiary education.  Our existing schools are underutilized in the afternoons and evenings.  These are the schools that the students attended as learners and which they are familiar with and where they are known. Some space in schools could easily with fiscal help from the state, universities, corporate and small businesses as well as communities themselves, be transformed in such learning centres. It just makes more sense to spend money to uplift the communities than to try and rebuild and rebuild and restructure and restructure already overblown tertiary institutions. Fulltime learning and media centres can have their own secure classroom territory, access and surveillance for the safety and protection of equipment and people. Students can enrol in these centres and be monitored there.  These facilities might also be available to young school learners at certain times. Superior quality and standardized lectures This will still be cheaper than supporting a big university’s infrastructure and employing a lot of expensive lecturers. Fewer lecturers would have to be employed to create tutorials and more time will be available to interact with a student via media. Lectures will be standardized and the quality and content presented in the best possible way utilizing apps and information technology; even sourcing lectures from internationally renowned experts or other tertiary institutions. The same lecturer would not have to repeat the same lecture time and time and again. Online entry certificates and diplomas progressing to degrees at residential universities The curricula of courses must follow similar guidelines as those of technology universities and other private institutions where a sound theoretical foundation as well as some professional knowledge, skills and competencies, practically based and occupationally specific can prepare students to enter the labour market. These can be offered as a 1 year certificate and or a 2 or 3 year diploma to which all students can enrol for free. After successful completion of these online courses they can again advance online to enrol for a degree and after that for a post graduate degree also for free. Where they want to enrol for advanced academic professional degrees where knowledge, skills and competencies have to be acquired under direct tutelage – the students will have to apply and be selected on academic merit to attend the residential faculties physically.  This will be applicable to some courses such as the Health Sciences or the performing arts where students have to be actively mentored.  The degree year(s) and post graduate years of all courses might also be offered residentially at the university campus. Financial responsibilities Students transferring to the residential universities will have financial responsibilities regarding tuition and accommodation. The cost of developing, supporting and mobilising such infrastructure is enormous. Plus side for universities – they would not have to accommodate thousands of students on all levels in a physical environment, who could lose interest in their early semesters, or who would have to leave due to financial constraints. The universities will be able to downsize physically, cutting costs. All the systems and models for this exist already and must just be assimilated, consolidated and streamlined. It will take effort and will but the current model is not working. Support and roots So please, bring the children/students home where they can learn if they want to, while still supporting their families and community and where they can also be supported by them. -MyNews24 Get Published! UPLOAD Click here to upload your article Click here to upload your photo Click here to upload your video Disclaimer: All articles and letters published on MyNews24 have been independently written by members of News24's community. The views of users published on News24 are therefore their own and do not necessarily represent the views of News24. News24 editors also reserve the right to edit or delete any and all comments received. Follow us on Twitter | Become a fan on Facebook | Read our Comments Policy   Welcome to News24 Get Published! UPLOAD Click here to upload your article Click here to upload your photo Click here to upload your video Read more from our Users Submitted by Louise Cook On Rupert's alleged municipal deb... Anyone who knows the Rupert family history will know that they are not corrupt and have never benefited from business with the state. Read more... 0 comments 194 views Submitted by So,Recently The ANC can't punish Zuma A motion of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will never succeed if MPs can't vote anonymously. Read more... 0 comments 26 views Submitted by Philile Madondo Open Letter to Brain Molefe Brian Molefe in a press briefing tried his feeble best to explain all of his frequent visits to Saxonworld as saying that he was visiting a ‘Shebeen” in the area.  Read more... 0 comments 5810 views Submitted by Gerald Robertson Decolonised education: Know Thyse... Those students who are pressing for decolonised education are making a tragic mistake. "Know thyself" is an ancient Egyptian precept, from the Temple of Luxor.  Read more... 0 comments 1773 views Submitted by Tafi Mhaka What is the greatest film ever? From Pretty Woman and 9½ Weeks to The Godfater and The Green Mile - the contenders for the greatest film ever are hard to choose from. Read more... 0 comments 124 views Submitted by Dronacharya Dave 5 Reasons To Take A Volunteer Tri... A volunteer vacation is one of the most budget friendly way of taking international trips and guarantees quality family time. Read more... 0 comments 6 views Submitted by Pastor Nkosilathi Munsaka Why Donald Trump would be an exce... The world is a different place now that Donald Trump is the next American president. Here are four reasons he would be a great African president. Read more... 0 comments 45 views Submitted by Jay Mo Motion of confidence in South Afr... When we see South African wealth as a "whites only club" and black poverty as a "blacks only concern," we are missing the point. We need to move beyond race. Read more... 0 comments 109 views Submitted by Alexander Dowding Why haven’t we legalised cannabis... As we continue to be on a path, seemingly towards nowhere, other African countries are increasingly making noises about softening their own laws on marijuana. Read more... 0 comments 1476 views Submitted by Alexander Dowding Why haven’t we legalised cannabis... South African legislators's voices have been largely absent from the public discourse on the topic of dagga legalisation. They need to take more of a leading role in the conversation. Read more... 0 comments 1 views Submitted by Mila Zaza Expecting corruption to disappear... There will always be corruption, there will always be crime, there will always be an elite. It will not be sensible to expect all of that to just vanish. Read more... 0 comments 2 views Submitted by ohomen171 My October 26 Premonition Haunts ... Twelve days before the election I had a premonition. I'm feeling a grim foreboding now. Read more... 0 comments 556 views Submitted by x The Media Deluge of Trump Lies? The US election has exposed media houses for their laziness and lies. Read more... 0 comments 606 views Submitted by Danie Mostert Dear bikers on the N1 between PTA... You guys always advertise, THINK BIKE and SAME ROAD, SAME RULES, but based on the behaviour of some bikers you don't follow your own rules.  Read more... 0 comments 987 views Submitted by Manthata Mokoena Zuma a distraction for the real p... While everyone's focused on President Zuma the man, his administration is looting the country. Read more... 0 comments 493 views Submitted by Michael Simpson, Cybershrink on Health24 Hillary Clinton: You're Fired! Hillary Clinton's excessive suspiciousness and exaggerated sense of privacy may have been her downfall. But was this her own fault? Read more... 0 comments 1709 views Submitted by Tafi Mhaka TB Joshua: Is there a problem? Pastor TB Joshua from Nigeria wrongly predicted Hillary Clinton will win the US election. What else did he get wrong? Read more... 0 comments 1004 views Submitted by Molifi Tshabalala Has Mngxitama sold his revolution... In pursuit of a revolution, a challenge is not necessary the revolution itself, but a conviction to remain true to a course of action until the victory is certain. Read more... 0 comments 360 views < previous next > Latest Multimedia by News24 users Get Published! UPLOAD Click here to upload your article Click here to upload your photo Click here to upload your video Jobs in Cape Town [change area] Jobs in Western Cape region Full stack Developer Cape Town Goldman Tech Resourcing R35 000 - R45 000 Per Month Project Manager Cape Town PurpledOt Solutions R20 000 - R45 000 Per Month Sales Executive Century City Liberty Financial Advisers Browse more Cape Town jobs... Limpopo Jobs Northern Cape Jobs Pretoria Jobs Retail Jobs Banking Jobs Accounting Jobs Register your CV... Get Job alerts in your e-mail... RECRUITERS – Advertise your jobs here Property [change area] HOUSES FOR SALE IN Fish Hoek Houses R 5 195 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Constantia Houses R 21 900 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Melkbosstrand, Atlantic Beach Golf Estate Houses R 6 500 000 Get news delivered directly to your inbox Sign up here for News24's newsletters.   services E-mail Alerts The latest headlines in your inbox RSS feeds News delivered really simply. Mobile News24 on your mobile or PDA E-mail Newsletters You choose what you want News24 on Android Get the latest from News24 on your Android device. SMS Alerts Get breaking news stories via SMS. TV Get us in your home, on your television.   News24Wire · Search · Advertise on News24 · Terms & Conditions · Press Releases · Jobs at 24.com · About us · Contact us   © 2016 24.com. All rights reserved. There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.   News24 English Afrikaans isiZulu |   OLX  |  PROPERTY24  |  CAREERS24  |  SPREE  |     Hello  Create Profile Creating your profile will enable you to submit photos and stories to get published on News24. Please provide a username for your profile page: This username must be unique, cannot be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network. Hello  Choose a display name: * You must provide a display name. Edit your avatar: Select an image file on your computer (max 4MB): * The image you selected could not be uploaded. Tell us a bit about yourself: * Your profile could not be saved at the moment. Please try again later.   Saving your profile   Login / SignUp Login / SignUp Settings Location Settings News24 allows you to edit the display of certain components based on a location. If you wish to personalise the page based on your preferences, please select a location for each component and click "Submit" in order for the changes to take affect. Your Location Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Weather Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Always remember my setting Saving your settings Facebook Sign-In Hi News addict, Join the News24 Community to be involved in breaking the news. Log in with Facebook to comment and personalise news, weather and listings.  
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 12 °C Monday 14 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags Centre for Talented Youth Children Cyberbullying Gifted Children Intelligence See other tags Tags Saturday 8 Oct, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3015626 Three challenges of being an exceptionally gifted child - cyberbullying, underachieving and money “If we were talking about ensuring that children with learning difficulties were getting the best education they possibly could – this wouldn’t even be questioned.” Oct 8th 2016, 6:20 AM 14,637 Views 22 Comments Share447 Tweet Email2 Image: Shutterstock/suzanna WHAT ARE THE challenges facing young, exceptionally-talented children in Ireland? That is one of the questions that will be asked at the Centre for Talented Youth Ireland’s annual conference in DCU today. The conference will address teachers and parents on how to maximise gifted children’s potential – as the system doesn’t quite encourage that approach. Among the issues that will be discussed at the conference are cyberbullying, and how gifted children are more reluctant to report it; talented children’s underachievement in our schools, and how to provide support for gifted children from disadvantaged backgrounds. Cyberbullying One of the most puzzling findings of research into exceptionally gifted children is that although they are just as likely to be the victims of cyberbullying, they are also less likely to report incidences of it. This is mainly because they were afraid that their claims would be exaggerated by their parents or teachers, and because they feared that their privileges, such as internet access, would be taken away from them. Colm O’Reilly, the Director of the Centre for Talented Youth Ireland (CTYI) said: Another big challenge that needs to be addressed is that children really struggle to pinpoint exactly what is social interaction online, and what is bullying. We need to help them understand the difference. Underachieving “We all have a particular talent – but it’s one with a bad reputation” Colm O’Reilly also says that the education system has to change. He says that the system is geared towards ensuring everyone reaches a basic minimum – instead of getting everyone to reach their maximum potential. “Teachers must ensure that the child is challenged.” If we were talking about ensuring that children with learning difficulties were getting the best education they possibly could – this wouldn’t even be questioned. “But because we’re talking about bright kids it seems to be not as accepted and people seem more reluctant to push them ahead.” There are approximately 40,000 children who are classed as being ‘exceptionally-gifted’ or reaching the top 5% of the most intelligent young people. Money and programmes Source: Shutterstock/Brian A Jackson Children from disadvantaged are particularly challenged in their attempt to reach their full potential. Eamonn Caroll is currently researching how best to support gifted children from disadvantaged backgrounds with a pilot programme LEAP. It will offer extra supports to 26 chidlren in their education between 4th class and 6th year, in an effort to show them the advantages of learning, and ensure they know of the opportunities open to them. This includes courses over the summer, and hosted once a month during the school year, such as a mathematical skills course, a correspondence course in August, a game-based learning course, and a personality test to see what language suits you best. They also run a Primary School Programme in conjunction with DCU Access. This involved running extra courses on DCU’s campus for 38 primary schools in the Coolock/Finglas area. We have classes such as Horrid Histories to show the kids how much fun learning can be. It also introduces them to the university atmosphere which they may not have experienced before – and it does very well. There are newly-launched programmes in Dublin Cork and Limerick, where the CTYI work with teachers and universities to identify gifted children from disadvantaged backgrounds, and to suggest that they are enrolled in further activities to help open up opportunities for them. Around 300 primary school children and 100 adolescents are selected by teachers on the basis of interest, potential and other guidelines set out by the CTYI. The biggest understatement, according to Caroll who will be speaking at the conference today, is that financial support isn’t the only support needed by children from disadvantaged backgrounds. Often, they need additional emotional support and guidance to pursue further education options. The conference, which will be held in the Nursing Building on DCU’s campus today, aims to raise awareness that gifted youths need their own personalised approach to ensure they get the best education possible. Read: Over 500 parents and children protest at the Dáil over delayed school build Read: Here’s a look at the world’s 5 big health findings – and how Ireland compares Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Gráinne Ní Aodha grainne@thejournal.ie See more articles by Gráinne Ní Aodha Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/gifted-children-in-ireland-3015626-Oct2016/?embedpost=3015626&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/gifted-children-in-ireland-3015626-Oct2016/?embedpost=3015626&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/gifted-children-in-ireland-3015626-Oct2016/?embedpost=3015626&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Three challenges of being an exceptionally gifted child - cyberbullying, underachieving and money”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Three challenges of being an exceptionally gifted child - cyberbullying, underachieving and money”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (22 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Postnatal depression: The last taboo? Lindsay Robinson It is assumed that having a baby is a time of great joy, love and excitement. Yet I felt unable to cope after the birth, writes Lindsay Robinson. Opinion: It's been a poor start to Enda's national conversation about porn Caroline Ryan There have been a lot of questionable claims about porn in the past fortnight, writes Caroline Ryan. Opinion: 'Tuesday was a dark day for feminism but we'll keep fighting' Emily McManus Through the course of this election, as women we endured a lot, writes Emily McManus. Most Popular Today 1 At least two killed as massive earthquake hits New Zealand 56,775  45 2 Woman attacked by man while walking to work 36,927  22 3 Nigel Farage pictured with Donald Trump inside gold lift 29,785  95 1 'In-jokes' and gutsy design - the secrets to an unforgettable logo 2,783  0 2 The man responsible for selling Pokémon Go: 'This is a marathon, not a sprint' 168  0 3 Supermarkets' obsession with perfect produce is causing massive food waste 63  0 1 Daddy-to-be McGregor demands ownership stake in the UFC as he hints at hiatus 45,727  66 2 As it happened: Munster, Leinster, Connacht club football - Sunday GAA liveblog 32,625  8 3 'I'd like to apologise... to absolutely nobody': McGregor's unforgettable post-fight interview 22,621  10 1 Conor McGregor just announced he's going to be a dad after his historic win 128,330  33 2 Just 19 tweets all married couples will identify with, HARD 11,335  0 3 People are going mad for these gin-filled Christmas tree baubles 6,774  1 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí Man dies in two-vehicle crash in Limerick Gardaí seize €300,000 worth of cannabis in organised crime crackdown Man to be charged in relation to shooting earlier this month OPINION Opinion: It's been a poor start to Enda's national conversation about porn Opinion: 'Tuesday was a dark day for feminism but we'll keep fighting' Why James McClean is the antithesis of the stereotypical modern footballer AMERICA Quiz: How much do you know about the USA? Trump says his border wall will be a fence "in certain parts", vows to deport three million Here's why controlling immigration in America isn't all that easy DONALD TRUMP President-elect Trump has appointed his chief of staff What President Trump means for the 50,000 undocumented Irish in the US Nigel Farage pictured with Donald Trump inside gold lift ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Three challenges of being an exceptionally gifted child - cyberbullying, underachieving and money Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
+ The Future Of Advertising A PSFK Report On The New Rules of Consumer Engagement READ THE NEW REPORT Trend Reports Consulting Experts Membership Events PSFK Launches Future of Retail 2017 Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit AI Expert: How the Fourth Industrial Revolution Will Impact Our Lives Op-Ed Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Anant Kale, Co-Founder and CEO of AppZen, explores how artificial intelligence will profoundly affect the way we structure our workforce PSFK Op-Eds 7 october 2016 We hear about artificial intelligence (AI) advancements every day, and it is disrupting every business and type of work. Google’s deep learning machine defeats the world’s top player in the game of Go, IBM Watson outthinks rivals at Jeopardy, Tesla’s autopilot plots a revolution in how we drive, and Uber lets customers call for a self-driving car. The first industrial revolution mechanized production using steam power, the second gave us the assembly line for mass production and the third industrial revolution gave us advanced automation using IT and electronics. We are at the cusp of a fourth industrial revolution driven by artificial intelligence, robotics, and web services. This latest revolution is proving to be the most disruptive yet, taking automation to levels most of us can’t imagine. Does this mean that with “thinking” machines we will not need drivers to drive our cars anymore? Or doctors to diagnosis the sick? Let’s analyze what happened in the manufacturing industry, an area where robotics is widespread – such that even China, which is considered the manufacturing capital of the world due to its cheap labor, is now undergoing a robot revolution. Chinese companies are now the largest investors in and buyers of manufacturing robots. This is a great opportunity for American companies, which over the past decades have sent their jobs abroad. With robotic manufacturing, offshore production is increasingly returning to developed countries to be closer to their customers and respond more rapidly to changes in demand – all possible due to efficient and fast robotic manufacturing where labor costs are now a minor component of the final product cost. A study by The Boston Consulting Group estimates that in areas such as transport, computers, and fabricated metals and machinery, 10-30% of the goods America imports from China could be made at home by 2020, boosting American output by $20-$55 billion a year. Intelligent Assistants Will Create A More Satisfying Customer Service Experience What we have seen unfold in the physical word of manufacturing is also happening in the service industry. Over the years, back office work—customer service, finance and accounting, medical transcription, data process and more—have seen their jobs outsourced as companies refocus to their core strengths and look to lower cost countries for peripheral functions, often to BPO shops. We all know the results, terrible customer service, data privacy issues and lack of context, but in the bottom-line focused corporate environment, they achieve the objective of lowering short-term costs. Robotic process automation uses artificial intelligence to automate tasks that human workers perform. These tasks typically require reading, understanding and deciding. Adding intelligent thinking capabilities to automation provides the opportunity to accomplish these tasks faster, cheaper and far more effectively. The results are better customer service, faster customer invoicing, lower procurement costs, and increased compliance. With an AI-driven system, automating business processes is not only grunt work taken off the backs of knowledge workers, they now have the time and resources available to analyze and evaluate strategies to achieve better results. Companies who were taking the ‘minimum viable process’ route to provide compliance now have the opportunity to use the compliance process as a tool to reduce spend, as well as negotiate better contracts with larger discounts. How AI Will Make The Back Office More Efficient And Increase Opportunities For Premium Jobs At AppZen, which provides AI-powered automation for expense report auditing, we have seen this happen. One of our customers, a global high-tech manufacturer, was struggling with expense report review and audit. They had spread out their expense-processing team across the US, Asia and Eastern Europe, but still could not manually audit more than 4% of the expense reports being submitted. There was obviously money being left on the table in undetected fraud and misuse. In addition, the company was exposed to compliance risk, as not every expense report in the company was being scrutinized. A little-known fact is that this is not an exception, but a very common practice in expense report back office processing. Finance and accounting teams find it too expensive to review every expense report, verify every receipt and check every expense. To have some level of compliance, the common practice is to randomly select expense reports for manual review. However, by using AI technology to read, understand and review every expense, a company’s back office team can audit 100% of expense reports – enabling them to spend their time reviewing only the fraction of expenses that require their knowledge and experience to examine. The end result is that the expense processing staff still has their jobs, except now they’re able to make more effective use of their time and expertise. The introduction of artificial intelligence systems will evolve how we perform work in the service sector. While some jobs will be eliminated, new jobs will spring up that place a premium on knowledge, expertise, and experience rather than time-consuming repetitive tasks. Customer service agents replaced by AI-based chat bots will answer most customer questions – reducing the wasted time and frustration so common for customers today. Consumers using AI systems will find it tough to differentiate between interactions with real humans vs. AI-based assistants. This AI-driven fourth industrial revolution will impact every aspect of our lives, but will ultimately lead to the same results as previous revolutions – increased productivity, efficiency, and new and smarter ways of doing work. As CEO of AppZen, Anant Kale is responsible for the development the company’s vision, building the team and execution. Anant has more than 15 years of experience in developing complex software. Prior to AppZen, he served as Vice President of Applications at Fujitsu America, where he was responsible for strategy, product management and delivery of Fujitsu’s mission critical applications and infrastructure for enterprise, mobile and commerce. Anant earned an MBA from the University of Mumbai in Finance and Engineering. Op-Ed Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending PSFK Features: Download Your Content On The Go PSFK Posted October 7, 2016 Market Research Travel november 11, 2016 Winter Cabin Designed To Survive Extreme Conditions Designed by OFIS Architects, the structure for mountaineers is perched at the top of Mount Kanin on only a small footprint of rock Retail november 11, 2016 Husband Nursery Promotes Relaxation In Shanghai The Vanke Mall has created a special room where the significant others of shoppers can sit down and relax Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Impact Debrief See All Media & Publishing november 11, 2016 Interactive TV Show Lets Viewers Choose The Ending Terror - Your Verdict takes place in a courtroom with viewers acting as the jury, and their verdict will determine the final conclusion of the show Design november 11, 2016 A Robotic Garden Is Roaming Around London The project from Interactive Architecture Lab is meant to increase the interaction between people and nature PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Bill Ready Mobile, Retail, Payments Technology november 11, 2016 Tablet Uploads Digital Sketches In Real Time The Slate from iSKN gives artists the feeling of hand-drawn pieces with the convenience of digital manipulation Retail november 11, 2016 Story's "Home For The Holidays" Installation Has A Gift For Everyone The ever-changing retailer has also partnered with Microsoft's Surface line, as well as entrepreneurial figures Sophia Amoroso and David Kidder, for a curated collection of gift bundles Food november 11, 2016 Why Is There A Three-Month Waiting List For This $350 Toaster? Balmuda is a hybrid device that uses a combination of steam and heat to create the perfect piece of toast PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Retail 2017 Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business NEW PSFK Op-Ed november 2, 2016 Marketing Experts: Millennials And The Power Of Cool 'Good Is The New Cool' Authors Afdhel Aziz and Bobby Jones share their 7 principles for branding with a social impact PSFK Labs november 10, 2016 The Future Of Retail 2017: Adapting To The Contemporary Consumer Industry experts provide insights into how retailers are implementing customer-first organizations Travel november 11, 2016 Free Luggage Wrapping Serves As Traveling Advertisements Samsonite offered complimentary protective plastic covering to passengers at a Spanish airport with a tongue-in-cheek message Media & Publishing november 11, 2016 Storytelling Is A 35,000-Year-Old Tool We Use To Build Relationships Director & Producer Ryan Beickert on why branded content isn’t just a trend in the industry but an evolution of advertising altogether PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Market Research november 11, 2016 The Future Of Retail 2017 Report Is Available On Slideshare View a summary presentation of our latest trends report for a limited time Home november 11, 2016 Airbnb Recreates A Finnish Cabin In The Heart Of Paris The 100-day installation gives visitors an immersive experience of Finnish hospitality PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Consumer Goods november 11, 2016 CoverGirl Signs Its First Hijab-Wearing Beauty Ambassador Beauty vlogger Nura Afia has signed on to be the company's brand representative PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Work Cultivating The Next Generation Of Leaders NEW Design & Architecture november 11, 2016 These Book Bags Let You Wear Your Favorite Novel Russian design duo created the purses to look like literary classics, cover and all Entertainment november 11, 2016 Kickstarter Live Lets Creators Stream Straight To Their Backers The platform helps develop a closer connection between makers and those funding a project PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs Technology november 11, 2016 Portable Lunchbox Oven Creates The Perfect Office Meal The HeatsBox is a mini-cooking device that lets people heat up their lunch evenly within 15 minutes No search results found. add to: daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Shared 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Enterprise Content Monetization Platform. Custom-built, to meet your revenue model.Learn more The Future Of Retail 2017 Report Is Available On Slideshare Market Research Why Is There A Three-Month Waiting List For This $350 Toaster? Advertising Interactive TV Show Lets Viewers Choose The Ending Arts & Culture Winter Cabin Designed To Survive Extreme Conditions Design & Architecture Husband Nursery Promotes Relaxation In Shanghai Retail Tablet Uploads Digital Sketches In Real Time Technology Free Luggage Wrapping Serves As Traveling Advertisements Travel Portable Lunchbox Oven Creates The Perfect Office Meal Food How Technology Could Change The Way We Manage Our Closets Fashion Modular Device Gives Any Car Augmented Reality Capabilities Automotive [Stat] Google Chrome reaches over 2 billion active installs [Insight] What a more unified Android experience mean for developers and consumers [News] Netflix introduces offline downloadable content options only for emerging markets [Insight] How Amazon Alexa and Google home offer a different approach to the home and privacy [Insight] Airbnb responds with a video to allegations of racial bias in the sharing community [Stat] Google Home is projected to overtake Amazon’s Echo in market share by 2020 [Insight] Take a look at The Verge’s new design and layout [News] Facebook adds support for Prisma art filters [News] Everlane opens a new retail space dedicated to cashmere [News] T-Mobile introduces a new device to bring WiFi access to cars [Insight] How a silicon valley investor played a big role in marijuana legalization in California [News] Facebook’s new job posting feature is a direct challenge to LinkedIn [Stat] Despite new payment advances, cash is still the most frequently used consumer payment option [Insight] What is Facebook’s overall AI strategy? [News] Intel’s new drones could be the first step towards flying billboards [Insight] What is the case against Netflix? [Inspiration] Music video follows a stationary bike being ridden in London [News] This app is trying to put an end to restaurant food waste [Insight] Looking at the past can tell us what to expect from the future of virtual reality [Insight] Will.i.am discusses the design of BUTTONS bluetooth headphones [News] Hospital platform makes prescribing apps easy [Inspiration] New York Times Game Recreates Oregon Trail As A Voter In The Election [Stat] In October mobile website views surpassed desktop views for the first time ever [Insight] Seth Godin unpacks the concept of the “idea awareness cycle” [Stat] 60% of Chinese consumers use their mobile phones to check prices while in-store [News] Apple has filed a patent for a concept phone that bends in half [Insight] How does it make economic sense that Arizona iced tea costs less than water? [Insight] In this uncertain US election, what are the polls that you should really be paying attention to? [News] Mobile service lets third-party voters “trade votes” with Clinton voters to defeat Trump [News] Twitter’s new campaign demonstrates how integral the platform is to cultural discussions SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Las Vegas streetlights are powered by your footsteps One laptop can take down major internet servers VW says Audi software can distort emissions during tests Public Access Community storytelling. Apply & Sign Up Editor's Picks Best gaming monitors of 2016 11.08.16 View Internet Culture: People should READ and WRITE 11.08.16 View VR Camera Gadgets For RICOH THETA Create Outdoor Experiences 11.07.16 View Image credit: save Save share The Public Access Weekly: Don't stop believing Amber Bouman 10.07.16 Comments 236 Shares Share Tweet Share Save It's been a wild card kind of week, full of Google announcements and Yahoo breaches and AI assistants, and I'm excited to get home and watch the Giants-Cubs game tonight, so let's get this party stared with some Public Access stats for September: 310 posts went live on Public Access in September. That's one hundred more than last month, and a new record for the fifth month running! That is honestly phenomenal. 115 total Public Access members wrote and published stories, including 66 new members. Welcome new members! The Public Access member with the most posts published in September is Ryan Kh with an impressive total of 31 articles published. Second place is a three-way tie between Jimmy Rohampton, Shelly Green and Lisa Rachel who each published 14 articles. The top 10 most read Public Access posts for August (not counting the Public Access Weekly posts) were: Netflix Subscriber Satisfaction Rises Despite Price Increase by Chris Brantner Netflix saves kids from over 150 hours of commercials a year by Rob Toledo Nokia says it can deliver internet 2,000 times faster than Verizon Fios by Chris Brantner Is 'Allo' Google's Answer to the Facebook Messenger? by Ashok Srivasatava The Geek's Guide to Getting The Max Out Your Airfare by Dianna Labrien Ticwatch 2 vs Apple Watch by Jerry Li The Scary Link Between Technology and Identity Theft by Ryan Kh How to Choose Your First DSLR Camera by Dianna Labrien Since 2012, The Netflix Library Has Been Cut in Half by Rob Toledo Is VR Still Too Expensive For Gamers? by Dianna Labrien Congratulations to all those folks who saw their stories hit it big! And a heads up -- if you're a Public Access member keep an eye on your inbox next week. We've got some changes and updates on the way so you should be receiving an email from us with all the details. Looking for something to read? Check out: There's more trouble in store for Samsung -- a replacement Galaxy Note 7 reportedly began smoking. While in the owners pocket. After it had been shut off. Oh yeah, and this all went down on an airplane. File this one under: Bad to worse. If you asked the average person if they're excited about AI, you might get some shrugged shoulders in response. However, if you asked the same person if they'd like a digital personal assistant, I bet they'd be pretty damn interested. Mona writes about how the onstage demos of Google Home -- and other voice activated systems like Siri and Cortanat -- are ushering in the age of artificial intelligence. Bad news for fans of the 3.5mm headphone jack: The USB Implementers Forum released its Audio Device Class 3.0 specs which will provide hardware makers with the standard they need to run audio through USB-C ports on smartphones and other devices. The motivation is reportedly to work towards slimmer smartphones with better water resistance, however given the conversation happening in the comments it'll be an uphill battle. Looking for something to write about? Mull over: A few Public Access members have written recently about the technology they use to help them get a good nights sleep, and the updated Apple Watch may include apps to track sleeping patterns. Do you use technology to help you sleep? What do you use, and how well does it work for you? Rumors about who will buy Twitter have been swirling around the company for the last few weeks, but the company reportedly wants to finish up the sales process by the end of this month. Who will buy Twitter? Anyone? And a better question -- who should buy Twitter, and why? Last week we noticed a few companies using our comments system to respond to customer concerns about their products -- both successfully and well... not that successfully. How do you communicate with companies when you have an issue with their product or service? Twitter? Email? A good old-fashioned phone call (the horror)? In this era of social media and instant connections, what is the best way to file complaints with a company? 236 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago 5 Waterproof Fitness Trackers Designed for the Pool We've always known that physical activity is a key factor in our health. But determining the effect... By K. Krishnan,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago Does Covering Employee Monitoring Increase Productivity? A famous study in Psychology referred to as the Hawthorne effect denotes that people change their b... By A. Smith,  1h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago Reverse Engineering: What Can You Gain From Your Competitors Reverse engineering is the process of dissecting or dismantling an object for analysis to understan... By V. Sevilla,  4h ago save Save share View More Public Access About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Artificial Intelligence Research, Unintended Consequences and Sex John Martellaro @jmartellaro Oct 7th, 2016 5:25 PM EST | Particle Debris Research into Artificial Intelligence will evolve into many more applications than asking Amazon’s Echo how many teaspoons are in a tablespoon. Or driving an autonomous car. As the technology expands in its capabilities and applications, we’ll be confronted with massive social change. How will Apple, for example, both serve us and meet competitive challenges? Back in August I referenced a terrific article by Steven Levy about Apple’s development of Siri. “Siri and Apple’s Machine Learning Are About to Get a Lot Better.” Author Levy was given an inside look at what Apple is doing with machine learning and the transformation of Siri. The interview was likely granted because there had been a lot of press about artificial intelligence (AI), and Apple’s traditional secrecy made it appear that Apple wasn’t doing much. Plus, the Amazon Echo was getting a lot of press, and Apple has had nothing equivalent. Even if competing with the Echo is not in Apple’s plans, it certainly seemed like a good idea to reveal to author Levy that a lot of good things are happening at Apple with AI. Humble Servants. For Now But the scope and prognosis for AI has sweeping implications for our culture, far beyond a little cylinder that can order more cereal or play music on demand. We’re just geting started. And while Marc Andreessen points out (article #1 below) that the Amazon Echo project consumed 1,500 engineers for four years, the evolution of technology ensures that future projects will be far grander in scope but use merely equivalent resources. This week I’ve been reading about the unintended consequences of AI. Instead of just one major article, here’s my reading list. Venture capitalist Marc Andreessen explains how AI will change the world Westworld-style sex with robots: when will it happen – and would it really be a good idea? 4 Ways Every Business Needs To Use Artificial Intelligence Exponential Intelligence: Microsoft Is Building the First AI Supercomputer One theme of these articles is that AI is being developed because it can make big money. Right now, applications are fairly primitive—the kinds of things you can do with Siri, Cortana or Alexa. As that technology evolves, there will be new applications that may or may not directly serve the consumer on a small scale. For example: Unintended Consequences Persuasion. Robo callers that use a vast library of historical data and psychological techniques to sell or persuade politically will be used. “Robo” used to mean robotic-like phone dialers. In the future, people who are unprepared could be manipulated by vastly intelligent AI Robos into a variety of legal and illegal schemes. Drones. Independent, armed law enforcement drones are conceivable. Unless strict legislation intervenes, various governments could find it convenient and efficient to use AI drones for patrol and arrest, pending arrival of a human police officer. Sexual surrogates. Article #2 above goes into considerable ethical detail about human sex with androids. A licensed psychiatrist providing a prescription for a sex surrogate is one thing. However, the purchase of a commercial android sentient enough to be pleasing and have a mind of its own is conceivable. What would be the legalities of a rape by the human? Courts. AI agents that can scan case law on behalf of attorneys are likely. How will the legal system be affected by AI agents that are skilled enough to battle each other? Does an accused without great financial resources have a right to an AI agent of equal prowess as that owned by a government? Local and Federal Law. AI agents could scan and digest municipal laws on behalf of a citizen. Imagine a (hypothetical) case where where Siri, having just absorbed every law on file in the state of Colorado and the city of Denver advises: “I see you’re about to use Apple Pay to purchase six pounds of fertilizer. The purchase of more than 5 pounds is illegal.” Will Siri cancel the transaction? If the customer insists, will (should) Siri report the violation of the law? International Relations. Could a day come when the president, plus staff, the Secretary of State and Defense might consult an AI agent on the impact of certain foreign policy decisions? As is often the case, (for example chess) smart decisions can appear illogical on the surface. How would the U.S. President explain certain decisions to the American people that appear offensive but are, in fact, effective and brilliant? Questions for Apple We’re just at the beginning of the commercial exploitation of AI agents. The questions I have are: Will Apple build personal AI agents that are designed to protect us at all costs? This is related to the recent issues raised in the conflict between the FBI and Apple over encryption. What happens when we humans no longer understand what each side in the encryption battle is up to? How will Apple’s research lend itself to dealing with the AI industry at all levels? That is, will Apple limit it’s vision or, instead, become embroiled in the highest level of effort that only tech giants like Amazon, Google, Microsoft can afford? As businesses of all kinds begin to utilize AI agents of lesser capability, will Apple’s AI work be able to properly defend us? Should there be a law that says AI agents of a certain class of sophistication (to be defined) cannot approach a human with out his/her own AI representative? The articles I’ve listed above go into many more issues. But perhaps, before I get a serious headache, it’s time to move on. Next page: The Tech News Debris for the Week of October 3rd. Why we shouldn’t laugh at the AirPods. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: AI, AI agent, AirPods, Apple, OLED One Comment Add a comment aardman October 8, 2016 Pardon the duplication, I’m reposting a comment that I meant to put in this article. The problem with voice recognition, and this just happened to me with iMessages when I tried it again having reading this article, is if you use a new word, it makes a mistake and you have to correct it manually. That defeats the purpose of using dictation. Okay, it’s too much to ask the app to know something it hasn’t heard before, but there must be a way to make the correction also through the voice interface. Now that seems to be a big problem for a silicon mind, how does iMessages’ natural language interface distinguish between a command and actual text without reserving words that signal that a command or text is about to follow? Humans easily make this distinction in conversation. A steno easily figures out if what she is hearing is text to be transcribed rather than an aside. And if she makes a mistake, it is easily corrected through conversation. She easily infers intent, she has a good idea of what’s in the head of the person giving dictation. I think this is a challenge that pervades all of AI: inferring idiosyncratic intent. There is a much reproduced experiment in psychology (a field notorious for irreproducible experimental results) where they show that humans, down to 2 years old even, understand the concept of ‘people other than myself have their own thoughts and own sets of knowledge’ and, more importantly, can make accurate guesses of what another person is thinking of and knows. Earlier this week, news came out that this experiment was run on bonobos, chimps and orangutans and the key finding is that they also exhibit this ability. (Well maybe not to the extent that we do.) Here… https://today.duke.edu/2016/10/falsebeliefs As far as I know computers can’t do this, and as long as they don’t, AI systems will not be able to do the Star Trek-like things that people hope they can do in the future. October 8, 2016 at 3:36 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 4921 John Martellaro columns-opinions 1 1475861102 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
November 14, 2016 0739 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:169942 Publish Date: Fri, 07 Oct 2016 15:47:23 GMT Service: Iran Apes show complex cognitive skills watching 'King Kong' videos Scientists using homemade videos featuring a person in a King Kong costume have documented a remarkable cognitive skill shared by chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans: The human-like ability to recognize when someone else's beliefs are wrong. The research demonstrated that these great apes, humankind's closest living evolutionary cousins, possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, the scientists said, according to reuters.com. As individual apes were shown videos featuring a human actor and a costumed ape-like King Kong character, researchers tracked their eye movements. In the video, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. When the person leaves, King Kong moves the object to a new location. When the person returns to find the object, the apes looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. "Even though the apes knew the object had been moved, they understood that the human thought it was still there," said study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan. Study co-leader Christopher Krupenye, said, "The ability to think about others' thoughts and emotions is at the heart of so much of human social behavior, including our unique forms of communication, cooperation and culture." At the core of this ability is understanding that others' actions are guided not necessarily by reality but by their beliefs about reality, even when false, added Krupenye, a comparative psychologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany who worked on the study, published in the journal Science, at Duke University. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age four or five. "Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn't so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general," Krupenye said. Krupenye added,  "By studying these apes, researchers seek to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with other apes and thus likely were present in the common ancestor that lived some 13 to 18 million years ago before the split of the evolutionary lineage of humans and those other species. "Previous research showed that apes can reason about others' goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen."     KeyWords Apes complex cognitive   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran, Russia cooperating on Middle East issues: Larijani EU must play more active role on regional, global issues: Zarif Iran beats USA in world kabaddi meet to reach semifinals Iran seeks secure, stable Iraq: Parliament speaker Iran crowned at 1st world Pahlavani bouts Iran fit enough to win world physique title Top Iranian, Russian parliamentarians meet in Tehran President Rouhani inaugurates three oilfields in Khuzestan Official: Over 1m Iranians enter Iraq for Arba’een rituals Iran to join Paris climate change treaty Most Visited Trump looking at 'quick ways' to ditch Paris climate accord: Report Protests erupt in Cincinnati after mistrial in police shooting of black male Sanders popular policies could have made him president: Analyst www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0513 sec
Slate Sign In Sign Up This Is Why Donald Trump Is So Obsessed With “Genius” This Is Why Donald Trump Is So Obsessed With “Genius” Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Education Getting schooled. Oct. 7 2016 8:00 AM Think Like a Genius It’s no surprise that Donald Trump is so obsessed with two of the most dangerous concepts in education history. By Dana Goldstein   Donald Trump with those whom he regards as fellow geniuses: romance novelist Judith Krantz, actor-filmmaker Sylvester Stallone, and the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs. Photo illustration by Slate. Images by Kevin Winter/Getty Images, Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images, Alexandra Wyman/Getty Images, and your_photo/Thinkstock As a journalist who focuses on education, I’ve mostly been able to avoid writing about Donald Trump during this election campaign, luckily enough. But now I feel I must weigh in! I’ve noticed that Trump is obsessed with two of the most dangerous concepts from education history: genius and IQ. On Meet the Press last Sunday, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani repeatedly called the Republican presidential candidate a “genius” for avoiding federal income taxes. There's no doubt that the idea of extreme, measurable intelligence is close to Trump’s heart: He has challenged the mayor of London to an IQ test and tweeted, “Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest—and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure, it’s not your fault.” Trump’s books are full of references to genius and IQ. His 2009 tome Think Like a Champion warns readers about the risks of “underestimating” one's own abilities. “Someone asked me if I thought I was a genius,” he writes. “I decided to say yes. Why not?” Advertisement In Think Like a Billionaire (2004), Trump explains that he got some of his best investment ideas in his early 20s, when his own genius was purer and less corrupted by experience. “Genius is the ability to assemble in new forms what already exists, and sometimes the youngest people are the greatest geniuses,” he states. Who (besides himself) does Donald Trump consider a genius? Sylvester Stallone, who is “a genius purely by instinct,” and Jean-Georges Vongerichten, who runs a restaurant at Trump’s Central Park West hotel (and whose ginger fried rice, in my opinion, truly is genius). As befits a man who loves to cite his own poll numbers, Trump seems to believe that popularity is itself evidence of genius. He writes that Woody Allen and best-selling romance novelist Judith Krantz are geniuses for their ability to “know their market” and give audiences exactly what they want. Trump also (of course) admires Steve Jobs, writing that genius in business may be closely related to narcissism, which he defines as the ability to apply one’s “talent with unrelenting force ... even if it’s at the expense of those around them. ... A narcissist does not hear the naysayers. At the Trump Organization, I listen to people, but my vision is my vision.” How does Trump’s concept of genius compare to history’s? As Dartmouth professor Darrin McMahon explains in his fascinating book Divine Fury: A History of Genius, the word dates back to ancient Rome, where it was used to describe a spirit or familiar, able to intercede on one’s behalf with the gods. Think of a genie, or, from the Arabic, a jinn. During early Christianity, a genius was a sort of angel who could protect a church or nation. It was only during the Enlightenment, when religion receded, that genius became something a man could be as an individual, instead of something a man could have as an ally. (And yes, genius was, from the beginning, considered an almost exclusively male phenomenon.) It was now men, not gods, who created the world, and in the 18th century, Shakespeare, Benjamin Franklin, and Cardinal Richelieu were all hailed as geniuses. These modern geniuses were powerful, creative, free-thinking, and sometimes, also, a bit scary. Descartes wrote of a deceitful “evil genius ... very powerful and very cunning.” Genius was often described as a fire or uncontrollable “enthusiasm.” It was not purely intellectual, nor a matter of studying hard to gain knowledge of the world. Rather, genius was an inborn trait, something that marked a few men as exceptional from birth. A genius could be an artist at the brink of madness, like van Gogh, or an evidence-based scientist, like Newton or Einstein. Hitler, too, was recognized in his heyday as a type of demonic, charismatic genius. And I must admit, when I watch Trump enthrall a ravenous crowd at one of his rallies, I do see a dark sort of genius for feeding off people’s shame and fear. Advertisement Trump’s adoration of IQ testing recalls an especially disturbing period in the history of genius: the late 19th and early 20th century, when social scientists attempted to measure and compare people’s intelligence. The pseudoscience of phrenology claimed that genius could be identified by examining the shape of people’s skulls. Alfred Binet, the pioneering French psychologist, experimented with phrenology but was ultimately dissatisfied with that technique. In 1905 he developed the first IQ test, which was originally intended to identify children with learning disabilities. IQ quickly enraptured American researchers, who were eager to find a scientific justification for the nation’s racial hierarchy. Carl Brigham, who later developed the SAT, studied the IQ scores of over 1 million World War I recruits. Brigham and colleagues claimed that the scores showed native-born whites as the most intelligent group, followed by immigrant Italians and Jews, and then black Americans. But IQ exams have never tested innate smarts. The questions asked on early IQ tests—about the author of The Scarlet Letter, the diet of squirrels, and the city where the Declaration of Independence was signed—required background knowledge. It was unsurprising that poor people, with less access to good schools and less familiarity with middle-class white American culture, scored lower. Nevertheless, low IQ scores were frequently used as a justification for sterilizing and incarcerating people. Trump’s adoration of IQ testing recalls an especially disturbing period in the history of genius. By the mid-20th century, more sophisticated IQ tests contained more mental puzzles and fewer questions that required content knowledge. IQ is not a useless measure; research shows it is correlated with success in the labor market. But as Nobel prize–winning economist James Heckman wrote in the wake of the uproar over Charles Murray’s 1994 book The Bell Curve, all IQ tests are achievement exams, which means that far from measuring a person’s natural abilities, they can be “manipulated by educational interventions.” That’s why in New York City, where 4-year-olds can sit for a test meant to help public schools identify the “gifted and talented,” there is a cottage industry in test prep books and tutors for kids just out of toddlerhood, and each year a larger and larger percentage of children are identified as “gifted.” Despite overwhelming evidence that IQ is a social construct that favors the wealthy, there are always commentators willing to argue for public policy tied to IQ scores, from curricular tracking to immigration restrictions. In 2013, an analyst at the Heritage Foundation, Jason Richwine, lost his job after the media discovered his dissertation, which cited what he called the “IQ disparity between Hispanics and non-Hispanic whites” and “the persistently low IQ of Hispanic Americans” as supporting his argument that individual IQ test scores should be used as a basis for admitting immigrants to the U.S.* Richwine’s work largely ignored the well-established impact that family income and school quality have on IQ scores, yet his dissertation earned him a Harvard Ph.D. So Trump is hardly alone in valorizing IQ. It is no shock that a man obsessed with the superiority of native-born, white, and male people is drawn to a “science” that replicates social hierarchies. And yet, I’d argue that we’re all implicated in the tenacious hold of the IQ score. The idea of measuring our own genius enthralls us. A simple web search turns up dozens of free IQ tests. I spent 20 minutes taking one exam, which timed me while I answered questions about whether a square of a certain size could fit into a certain size pentagon and whether the word mineral could be spelled using only the letters found in the word parliament. My score was 116, or “high average.” The test was just spam, but I was disappointed. Apparently, I’m not a genius! Perhaps I should take a page from Trump. He may have a high IQ, but true genius, he believes, is more a matter of self-definition. “Tell yourself that you are a genius,” Trump suggests in Think Like a Champion. “Right away you will probably wonder why and in what way you are a genius. And right away, you will have opened your mind up to wonder—and to asking questions. That’s a big first step to thinking like a genius, and it might unlock some of your hidden talents.” Historian Darrin McMahon writes that this belief that anyone can be a genius is a hallmark of postwar American self-help culture. He also notes that today’s most celebrated geniuses—Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, and a long list of actors and sports stars given the moniker—are generally also rich. “Genius, in the American way, was not just thinking new thoughts and creating new things,” McMahon writes, “but finding a use for them, and then using them to make a buck.” What could be more Trumpian than that? *Correction, Oct. 7, 2016: This article has been corrected to more accurately reflect Jason Richwine’s Harvard dissertation. Richwine did not argue that Latinos should be denied U.S. citizenship on the basis of their lower IQ scores as compared to native-born whites, as the piece originally stated; rather, Richwine cited what he called the “IQ disparity between Hispanics and non-Hispanic whites” and “the persistently low IQ of Hispanic Americans” as supporting his argument that individual IQ test scores should be used as a basis for admitting immigrants to the U.S. (Return.) Dana Goldstein is the author of The Teacher Wars. She contributes to Slate, the New Republic, the Marshall Project, and other publications.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2016 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Jobs Motors Property Business Directory Family Notices Dating Travel BuySell Book an Ad Photosales Contact Us How we use Cookies Your Account Edit Profile Logout Hinckley Times 5 day forecast » Home News Latest News Local News Crime Politics Motors Trending Today Chris Boothby Barack Obama The Queen David Sprason Joel Hicks Popular this week Education Politics Crime Top News More than 300 overseas patients treated by NHS in Leicestershire in six months Managers at the Leicester trust said they have clear policies and work hard to recoup any money owin Inquest hears police failings in M1 fatal crash We will remember: Round-up of Remembrance Sunday events News Opinion Simon Holden on Wonderful Hinckley Hinckley is on the up and we are drawing people in from far and wide to enjoy our shops, cafes, bars and restaurants" Simon Holden on Meatcure and what Hinckley can look forward Quite simply this was the best burger meal I have ever had" Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Union Cricket Other Sport Hinckley United FC Barwell FC Trending Today Thibaut Courtois Sir Alex Ferguson Mike Sutton Popular this week Hinckley United FC Barwell FC Motorsport Rugby Union Top Sport Send us your sports reports Whether it's football, bowls, cage fighting, fencing, tennis, fishing, golf, wrestling, darts, snooker, cricket, boxing, or anything else, we want to hear what the residents of Hinckley & Bosworth have been playing at Barwell bodybuilder wins top prize in debut competition Ex-Knitter is a wanted man at Nottingham Forest and Wigan Athletic Got a story?   Contact details for our reporters What's On   Find things to do near you What's On Latest What's On Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Trending Today Luis Suarez Popular this week Concordia Theatre Twycross Zoo Top What's On Seven of the best animal attractions in Leicestershire The county boasts some of the best creature features in the UK Hidden gems to explore near Hinckley Top 10 places to eat out in Hinckley and Burbage Theatre Listings   Find the best shows in Hinckley Gig Guide   Search for the best upcoming concerts In Your Area Barwell Broughton Astley Burbage Croft Desford Earl Shilton Hinckley Market Bosworth Newbold Verdon Sapcote Sharnford Stoke Golding Stoney Stanton Twycross Wolvey Buy, Sell & Tell Jobs Jobs Search for jobs in Hinckley Property Property Buying, Selling or Renting? Motors Motors Find new & used cars for sale Business Directory Business Directory Search our local business directory Family Notices Family Notices View latest announcements online Dating Dating Looking for a date in Hinckley? Travel Travel Search for the latest holiday deals BuySell BuySell Buy or sell 1000s of new and used items Book an Ad Book an Ad Create Private and Trade ads Search: Hot Topic: Education - Politics - Crime Follow Us: Facebook Like us on Facebook The Hinckley Times The best of The Hinckley Times in your Facebook feed Twitter Follow us on Twitter @HinckleyTimes News and sport from The Hinckley Times Newsletters Subscribe Weekly bulletin A weekly local bulletin from The Hinckley Times Home News Local News Armed Forces Watch: Twycross chimps net a donation from the RAF 11:09, 7 Oct 2016 Updated 11:19, 7 Oct 2016 By Karen Hambridge The zoo has received the generous donation from the Royal Air Force’s largest station, RAF Brize Norton   Share   Comments Get weekly news by email Video loading The video will start in 8s Cancel Click to play Tap to play The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video Discarded RAF cargo nets are delivering hours of fun for the great apes at Twycross Zoo. The zoo has received the generous donation from the Royal Air Force’s largest station, RAF Brize Norton, home to the RAF Transport Fleet. The idea came from RAF Squadron Leader Jayne Lindley after she enjoyed a Keeper for a Day experience and learnt all about the intricacies of looking after various species of exotic animals. Keeper Zoe Shaw and RAF Squadron Leader Jayne Lindley at Twycross Zoo The Chimpanzees in their enclosure at Twycross Zoo. The RAF have donated cargo nets to the great enclosures. Picture: Sarah Weaver The nets, previously used to safely restrain military equipment in RAF transport aircraft on military exercises and operations all around the world, have been installed in multiple enclosures in an effort to provide a more complex environment for great apes. Twelve have been put up within the habitats of the chimpanzees, gorillas, orangutans and bonobos. During her experience SL Lindley saw as well as providing essential everyday care the keepers at Twycross were always trying to enhance the animals’ environments, ensuring their minds and bodies were kept active. The Chimpanzees in their enclosure at Twycross Zoo. The RAF have donated cargo nets to the great enclosures. Photos: Lucy Ray The zoo is the only one in the UK to have every type of great ape - gorilla, orangutan, chimpanzee and bonobo - intelligent and sensitive primates, all of which require attention and stimulation to keep them physically and mentally able and socially interactive. In compliance with international regulations, the RAF can only use the nets for a certain number of years, and then are deemed of no use. Read More Twycross Zoo welcomes new baby gorilla However, for the apes at Twycross Zoo the nets are perfectly safe and ideal for climbing and swinging on in addition to the existing diverse network of interconnected straps. Simon Childs, great apes team leader, said: “We are grateful to Squadron Leader Jayne Lindley, who convinced the RAF to donate their used cargo nets to the zoo. These nets have been fantastic in enriching the habitats for our apes, giving them more usable and complicated environments off the ground. We can now scatter some of their snacks on the nets, making them climb up and encouraging them to move as they would in the wild.” The Chimpanzees in their enclosure at Twycross Zoo. The RAF have donated cargo nets to the great enclosures. Photos: Lucy Ray Squadron Leader Jayne Lindley, a logistics officer in the RAF and a keen wildlife enthusiast said: “The RAF is delighted to donate cargo nets to Twycross Zoo to help provide enrichment for their apes in support of the amazing conservation work they do. "The nets were previously used for safely flying equipment around the world in RAF transport aircraft such as the Hercules C130, loaded by RAF ‘movers’ which is one of more than 50 exciting roles in the RAF.” VIEW GALLERY thehinckleytimes Comments Show more comments Recently Published Earl Shilton man recalls his role in Aberfan disaster rescue Ron Birch was a Staff Sergeant at the Army Apprentices College in Chepstow at the time of the tragedy Evening digest: here's what you missed in the news today Rallying call for poppy stall volunteers in Hinckley area Previous Articles Founder of Twycross Zoo dies at age of 98 Nathalie Evans started the zoo with Molly Badham Evening digest: here's what you missed in the news today Choose names for Twycross Zoo's Amur leopard cubs Related Tags Entertainment Twycross Zoo Places Twycross Organisations Armed Forces Most Read in News NHS More than 300 overseas patients treated by NHS in Leicestershire in six months Blaby District Council Police boss calls for action over speeding in Sharnford Concordia Theatre Charity concert at Hinckley's Concordia in memory of tot Past Times Past Times: A history of Wolvey Hinckley Hinckley deaths: police chief writes touching open letter to community Most recent in News NHS More than 300 overseas patients treated by NHS in Leicestershire in six months Past Times Past Times: A history of Wolvey Concordia Theatre Charity concert at Hinckley's Concordia in memory of tot Hinckley Hinckley's Pamper With a Hamper giveaway is back Local News Grant boost for Bradgate Park Trust Most Read on The Hinckley Times NHS More than 300 overseas patients treated by NHS in Leicestershire in six months Blaby District Council Police boss calls for action over speeding in Sharnford Past Times Past Times: A history of Wolvey Concordia Theatre Charity concert at Hinckley's Concordia in memory of tot Local News Reasons to buy The Hinckley Times: The Hinkley Times Follow Us Contact Us Advertise The Editor Journalists Join us on social media. For the latest local news straight to your Twitter, Facebook feed or e-mail inbox. Twitter @HinckleyTimes Facebook The Hinckley Times Newsletter Weekly bulletin Contact The Hinckley Times Got a story in your area? Is there something happening in your area you would like us to report on? Postal Address Hinckley Times Atkins Building, Lower Bond Street, Hinckley, Leicestershire, LE10 1QU Contacts Newsdesk Phone: 01455 891965 E-mail: hinckleytimes@trinitymirror.com Sports 01455 891065 Reporters To view a full list of reporters click here. Advertising Interested in advertising? Please click here. Complaints At the Hinckley Times, we pride ourselves in journalism that is honest, accurate and fair. We do our best to correct errors or publish clarifications as soon as possible. For further information please click here. Advertise Hinckley's vital and leading online information provider, packed with in-depth local community news, which supports our print publication the Hinckley Times. The website offers high quality editorial focusing on local issues, sport, homes, motors, jobs, entertainment, business and events. For information on digital advertising download the Complete Guide to Digital Advertising Fully interactive site with reader forums and regular blogs. Localised sport information including football and rugby. The What's On section is a must have guide full of news and reviews on local entertainment, plus an interactive lifestyle section full of great features including a shopping and dating directory. Hinckley retail advertising Sallyanne Haddon 01455 891981 sallyanne.haddon@trinitymirror.com Hinckley classified advertising Maria Gough 02476 500413 maria.gough@trinitymirror.com Or use the contact form on our Advertising Page. The Editor Simon Holden Editor, The Hinckley Times Email simon.holden@trinitymirror.com Telephone 01455 891190 Simon started as a trainee reporter with The Hinckley Times in 1996 and worked his way up to become editor a few years ago. He is a Burbage man and has lived in the area for most of his life. Journalists Isaac Ashe Story Editor Robbie Gordon Reporter Emma Ray Story Editor Rachel Parrish Community Content Curator Karen Hambridge Senior Reporter Andrew Georgeson Reporter News Local News Crime Politics Motors What's On Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Sport Football Rugby Union Cricket Other Sport Hinckley United FC Barwell FC In Your Area Barwell Broughton Astley Burbage Croft Desford Earl Shilton Hinckley Market Bosworth Newbold Verdon Sapcote Sharnford Stoke Golding Stoney Stanton Twycross Wolvey Useful Links Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Goal Time Advertise with us How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds Archive Buy, Sell & Tell Jobs Property Motors Find a garage Business Directory Family Notices Dating Travel Book an Ad BuySell Photosales Cashback Public Notices
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Apes 'can guess what others are thinking' Sky News 06/10/2016 © Getty Chimpanzee Apes share the human-like ability to guess what others are thinking, according to scientists. The theory was tested on a group of chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans with a homemade video of an actor and another person dressed in a King Kong costume. In the clip, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. He then leaves the room, and King Kong moves the object to a different place. Researchers tracked the apes' eye movements individually to see how they reacted upon seeing the human return. Sure enough, the animals looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. Study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan, said that even though they knew the object had been moved, they understood the human believed it would still be in the original spot. An understanding of others' thoughts and feelings was believed to be a cognitive ability exclusive to humans prior to the study, the scientist said. Empathy is at the heart of human social behaviour, said study co-leader Christopher Krupenye, a comparative psychologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany. "Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn't so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general," Mr Krupenye said. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age four or five. By studying the animals, scientist are hoping to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with apes. Previous research has shown that apes can reason about others' goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen, Mr Krupenye said. The study is published in the journal Science, at Duke University, in North Carolina.   Go to MSN Home More in News Hunt for prisoners ‘at risk to public’ after they flee jail Mirror Second tremor hits NZ hours after deadly quake kills two Mirror NHS plans involving hospital closures 'kept secret from public' Press Association Theresa May sets out stall for UK's place in Trump’s world The Guardian Diabetic grandmother dies after Chinese 'slap treatment' The Telegraph London-bound flight forced to land after stork-hit Evening Standard Up Next May faces Cabinet pressure over Trump-Farage ties International Business Times More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Sky News Three men 'at risk to public' escape from prison Sky News Supermoon to be biggest and brightest for decades Sky News Trump firm on agenda but says 'don't be afraid' Sky News Farage's ties to Trump cause Tory tensions Sky News Sky News View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
null
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»GeckoSystems, an AI Mobile Robot Co., Announces Net Profit, Updates Shareholders 07.10.2016 | 06:07 (10 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired GeckoSystems, an AI Mobile Robot Co., Announces Net Profit, Updates Shareholders CONYERS, GA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/07/16 -- GeckoSystems Intl. Corp. (OTC PINK: GOSY) (http://www.GeckoSystems.com) announced today that not only did the Company turn a modest profit for the quarter ending June 30, but continues to gain traction in the marketplace. A notable international market research firm identified the Company as one of seven leaders in the service robotics marketplace. The Company introduced a new mobile robot concept for public safety and initiated a joint venture with an NYC AI firm for a machine sentient and moral robo-nurse. For over nineteen years, GeckoSystems has dedicated itself to development of "AI Mobile Robot Solutions for Safety, Security and Service." "Despite only being an initial sale to this JV partner, the $121,700 in gross revenue garners GeckoSystems a net profit after taxes for the quarter ending June 30 of $21,003. This sale does not include any software licensing revenues," stated Martin Spencer, CEO, GeckoSystems Intl. Corp. Recently, an internationally renowned market research firm, Research and Markets, again named GeckoSystems as one of the key market players in the service robotics industry. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Global Mobile Robotics market for the period 2015-2019. Research and Markets stated in their report, that they: "...forecast the Global Mobile Robotics market to grow at a CAGR of nearly sixteen percent over the period 2015-2019." The report has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts and covers the Americas, the APAC, and the EMEA regions. The report is entitled, Global Professional Service Robotics Market 2015-2019. "GeckoSystems has been recognized by Research and Markets for several years now and it is the most comprehensive report of the global service robotics industry to my knowledge. I am pleased that their experienced market researchers are sufficiently astute to accept that small service robot firms, such as GeckoSystems, can nonetheless develop advanced technologies and products as well, or better, as much larger, multi-billion dollar corporations such as AB Electrolux, etc. "It is an honor that they recognize the value of the over 100 man-years we have invested in our proprietary AI robotics Intellectual Properties and my full time work for nearly 20 years now. Our suite of AI mobile robot solutions is well tested, portable, and extensible. It is a reality that we could partner with any other company named in the report and provide them with high-level autonomy for collision free navigation at the lowest possible cost to manufacture," remarked Spencer. The new mobile robot concept is for better, lower cost public safety. All of those affiliated with the Company share the abject horror that most Americans are now still trying to process regarding the recent, indoor (and outdoor) mass shooting and murdering of tens of innocent victims. To better manage those 21st century mass shootings, the Company is offering to prototype and deploy the GeckoNED, a new type of mobile security robot that is a Non-violent Enforcement Device with a high level of independent mobile autonomy, sensor rich for enhanced situational awareness, and ease of teleoperation by designated public safety personnel. (See below for more information.) The joint venture with the NYC AI firm plans to address many of the same safety, morality and ethics issues of Google's advanced DeepMind artificial intelligence project from a different perspective. As a result of our past and present discussions with the senior, internationally recognized AI scientist, the NYC AI JV (the "JV") has decided to reveal the following benefits about the near term scope of its focused AI synergies. The JV envisions the design of pseudo-cognitive mobile robotic systems that can monitor and demonstrate understanding of some, not all, but many, specific forms of human activity, in order to "deduce" what should benefit the person. Numerous of those lower level, fundamental needs identified are within the capabilities of GeckoSystems' AI mobile service robot (MSR) solutions and with the cooperation of person receiving care. The goal for the pseudo-cognitive MSR is to provide context-adaptive active support to elderly care receivers and/or to individuals with specific forms of moderate to mild health issues, whether short term or chronic. The JV believes that integrating multiple forms of different environmental and human physiological and sensing systems will enable beneficially higher levels of proactive autonomy and adaptive interaction and therefore offer a much more compelling value proposition for caregivers and care receivers. This JV will deliver pseudo-cognitive AI engines that will be able to perform a set of advanced assistive actions currently not offered by present state-of-the-art approaches. Sensor rich MSR's produce big data requiring deep learning capabilities to achieve reliable predictive analytics to result in beneficial machine intelligence. This is much more difficult to achieve than business enterprise AI engines such as Watson, because the "answers" must be available in a "timely" fashion and in any circumstances encountered by the 7/24 caregiving MSR. Proactive-autonomy ambulatory required assistance tasks, that is, invoking automatically executed emergent robot behaviors, based on context-specific care monitoring and situational awareness, including AI initiated approaching of a patient, following them from room to room at a close, but safe, distance to provide timely cooperative assistance whenever and wherever needed (e.g. when fatigue is observed), or waiting in a stand-by mode nearby a care receiver to offer prompt support when and as needed. By this time, most readers will have realized that these tasks are much more challenging and difficult than those in alleged driverless or self-driving cars, drones, or fetch and/or delivery MSRs. Major scientific contributions of the JV are in, but not limited to, these areas: A multi-modal AI augmented and merged sensor data analysis/synthesis system that will capture, integrate, process and abstract: 1. Disparate sensor data clouds such as: Machine vision integration to interpret visible and non-visible light, Range finders i. LIDAR, ii. Ultrasonic, iii. Infrared (IR), passive and active iv. and time-of-flight (TOF) depth cameras (range finders), Haptic (touch and dead reckoning), Sound: speech tonality, cadence, etc., Odors such as gas, smoke, etc. Position and orientation i. MEMS accelerometer ii. Solid state compasses iii. GPS Human physiological sensors regarding human state and activity, i. Pulse rate, blood pressure, oxygenation level, blood sugar level, etc. ...in order to quickly detect, recognize and respond to not uncommon human health states with appropriate, timely semi-professional level like responses. The integration of the above paradigms and capabilities within a context-aware (machine awareness of the human dynamics and state) a pseudo-cognitive AI robot control architecture, which will incorporate contextual reasoning and planning regarding assistive robot actions and behavior, guiding the robot mechanism to deliver near optimal responses and to provide cost effective proactive, situation-adapted assistance, without necessitating immediate human personal intervention, to the care receiver is of significant benefit to millions of people. Obviously, implicit safety for all participants and users of such advanced machine sentience and autonomy must be ingrained. This is the primary task of the JV: Safety for human usage in all circumstances, foreseen and unforeseeable. Next week, the CEO will be traveling to Missouri to discuss licensing and/or a joint venture for use of the CareBot by a professional in-home caregiver firm of those needing watching over, but most often prefer to age in place. "We can only imagine how devastating Hurricane Matthew is to those in its path along the SE US coastline. Since our SEC attorney lives in SE FL, he is very appropriately most concerned about safe refuge for his family, we will be delayed in achieving Current Information status as originally planned for this week. "We continue to have numerous ongoing joint venture and/or licensing discussions with those who share the same interest in using mobile service robots to help others. I am also pleased that as the Service Robotics industry begins to offer real products to eager markets our capabilities are being recognized. We remain completely committed to providing our 1300+ shareholders the ROI they deserve. They can continue to be confident that we expect to be signing numerous multi-million-dollar licensing agreements to further substantiate and delineate the reality that GeckoSystems will enjoy additional licensing revenues to further increase shareholder value," concluded Spencer. About Research and Markets: Research and Markets is the leading source for international market research and market data. They hold '000's of major research publications from most of the leading publishers, consultants and analysts. They provide their clients with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends. Research and Markets Guinness Centre, Taylors Lane, Dublin 8, Ireland. http://www.researchandmarkets.com/ About GeckoSystems: GeckoSystems has been developing innovative robotic technologies for nineteen years. It is CEO Martin Spencer's dream to make people's lives better through AI robotic technologies. For example, all of those affiliated with the Company, as do most Americans, share the abject horror we are all still trying to process regarding the recent, indoor (and outdoor) mass shooting and murdering of dozens of innocent victims. To better manage those 21st century mass shootings, the Company is offering to prototype and deploy the GeckoNED, a new type of mobile security robot that is a Non-violent Enforcement Device with a high level of independent mobile autonomy, sensor rich for enhanced situational awareness, and ease of complete control under tele-operation by designated, vetted public safety personnel. The company is working closely with their recent joint venture with an advanced AI company in New York City to enable even greater independence and implicit common sense for more coverage at a lower cost to public safety organizations such as local police, county sheriff, state law enforcement organizations and/or the school's PTA. The following was written by Spencer shortly after the Sandy Hook mayhem, but not updated since the Pulse nightclub carnage. Safety for our children is a moral imperative for all enlightened civilizations. The present proliferation of lethal weaponry in the form of readily obtainable semi- and full automatic pistols and rifles has brought increased child safety to nearly blinding visibility that requires new thinking and solutions for this long overdue, poorly addressed need in our culture. Mobile robots could be the most proximate and final deterrent to those that would harm our children in public schools and other venues. GeckoSystems has named the mobile robot concept that would provide yet another barrier between our children and those immoral individuals intent on doing them significant harm the GeckoNED. "NED" stands for Non-violent (or non-lethal) Enforcement Device. Fundamentally, the GeckoNED (or "NED") is a new type of mobile sentry robot that would deter, detect, and contain those that would violently harm our children in their schools. The NED would be a new type of school mascot that could be customized by the children, teachers and staff to be a daily part of their school time lives. The NED would be able to automatically patrol all wheelchair accessible areas in any school without human oversight or intervention using GeckoSystems' proven SafePath mobile robot AI navigation software. What does it do? Deters, Detects, and Contains to provide better Protection -- 1. Marquee deterrent video and audio surveillance systems with fully autonomous self-patrolling in loose crowds, etc. 2. Quick detection using AI augmented sensor fusion systems with fully autonomous auto-find/seek 3. Deployable, multiple non-lethal containment systems under direct human control only 4. Ready mobile detection, protection and containment systems that are fully tele-operable remotely The NED would be a marquee deterrent due to its robust audio and video surveillance systems employing WiFi LAN data communications to connect to the school's Internet access. The primary, high-resolution pan/tilt zoom video camera and professional quality microphones would be selected such that their features and benefits are appropriate for the expanses to be "sight and sound" monitored in the school. Further enhancing the marquee deterrence, the NED would be available for direct human tele-operation almost instantly when direct human control was appropriate and timely due to a clear and present danger to the children having been identified with a high level of confidence by the NED's AI enhanced sensor systems. In addition, cell phone and police band communication capability could be included using the voice synthesis ability of GeckoChat. The NED would: Enable prompt intruder detection using multiple, different sensor systems (sight, sound and smell) AI fused to produce a one plus one equals three synergy. This counter-intuitive metaphor describes a common benefit of GeckoSystems' advanced artificial intelligence and sensor fusion competencies. The NED's AI's would sensor fuse: Augmented Vision These would include machine vision, including that visible to the human eye, and that invisible, such as infra-red (IR) due to body heat, heat from fired weapons, etc. and AI software Extended Hearing Frequency response range widened beyond human hearing, into the ultrasonic using multiple microphones (omni directional and directional) and AI software Enhanced Smell Odor detection systems for appropriate gas detection, whether odorless to human sense of smell or not with intelligent inhalation system and AI software Singly, and in concert, the preceding systems would detect unwanted intruders by: Video surveillance enhanced by AI object recognition machine vision In both visible and invisible IR light spectrums Audio surveillance enhanced by AI expert systems Within and outside human hearing range, atypical sounds such as i. Gun shots ii. Breaking glass iii. Doors being broken down iv. Students and/or staff stressed voices; screams Odor and odorless gas surveillance Smoke, carbon monoxide, and natural gas Potentially odors from: i. Handguns, long guns, rifles ii. Guns in lockers iii. Explosives, gun ammunition in lockers The NED would pre-position ready mobile protection that is fully tele-operable remotely when atypical situations arise. It would immediately alert pre-designated parties for human intervention and direct human control of the NED and its various containment systems. 1. The NED's exterior size would be about thirty (30) inches in diameter and seventy-two (72) inches tall a. Cannot be readily disabled by small arms fire thus affording cover for students and staff when the NED places itself between the intruder and all others. b. The NED's shroud could be bulletproof covering using a combination of Kevlar, ceramic armor, and/or aluminum plates sufficient for absorbing small arms fire. 1. Immediate intervention after detection resulting from a top speed, in obstacle free hallways, of up to 20 mph a. SafePath technologies with obstacle avoidance five to six times faster than a person preclude NED hitting anything, even when under teleo-peration (direct human) control. 1. Bull horns, sirens, high power speaker system and/or other sound projection systems capable of hitting the threshold of pain The NED would have readily deployed, multiple non-lethal containment systems solely under the control of a designated, responsible party such as a "watch commander" at the local police station. The non-violent and/or non-lethal containment capabilities would consist of: Targeted, high volume water spray Sleeping gas with directed discharge Irritant sprays, such as pepper spray, tear gas, etc. with directed discharge Acoustical stunners, flash-bangs, "stun bombs" Targeted net guns, "projectile nets" Targeted sticky foam, an extremely tacky material carried in compressed form with a propellant Targeted electrical stunners (Tasers) In addition to providing children and staff in schools a higher level of safety, the school would now have a new kind of school mascot, a NED. The covering could be painted in school colors, and designed like the school mascot, if desired. For an example, Huber U. Hunt Elementary School is a tiger. They could have a tiger design with verbal UX customized for a pleasing dialect for the students. The NED's battery recharging pads would be located at various desirable sentry positions throughout school. Literally the school's NED would be unique in its use and appearance in every school. The GeckoNED would be situationally aware and autonomous to provide a high level of safety for our school children and other "soft targets," such as movie theatres, night clubs, etc. This is completely congruent with GeckoSystems' strategic focus. Since literally tens of thousands of public venues deserving of greater safety with better, more timely surveillance, local schools and parents will ultimately decide if having a GeckoNED watching over their children by being able to see and hear what the NED reveals for only $10-12 per month per protected child would indicate several thousand NED's to be sold within only two to three years. Anticipated MSRP is only $49,950. The safety requirement for human quick WCET reflex time in all forms of mobile robots: In order to understand the importance of GeckoSystems' breakthrough, proprietary, and exclusive AI software and why another Japanese robotics company desires a business relationship with GeckoSystems, it's key to acknowledge some basic realities for all forms of automatic, non-human intervention, vehicular locomotion and steering. 1. Laws of Physics such as Conservation of Energy, inertia, and momentum, limit a vehicle's ability to stop or maneuver. If, for instance, a car's braking system design cannot generate enough friction for a given road surface to stop the car in 100 feet after brake application, that's a real limitation. If a car cannot corner at more than .9g due to a combination of suspension design and road conditions, that, also, is reality. Regardless how talented a NASCAR driver may be, if his race car is inadequate, he's not going to win races. 2. At the same time, if a car driver (or pilot) is tired, drugged, distracted, etc. their reflex time becomes too slow to react in a timely fashion to unexpected direction changes of moving obstacles, or the sudden appearance of fixed obstacles. Many car "accidents" result from drunk driving due to reflex time and/or judgment impairment. Average reflex time takes between 150 & 300ms. http://tinyurl.com/nsrx75n 3. In robotic systems, "human reflex time" is known as Worst Case Execution Time (WCET). Historically, in computer systems engineering, WCET of a computational task is the maximum length of time the task could take to execute on a specific hardware platform. In big data, this is the time to load up the data to be processed, processed, and then outputted into useful distillations, summaries, or common sense insights. GeckoSystems' basic AI self-guidance navigation system processes 147 megabytes of data per second using low cost, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Single Board Computers (SBC's). 4. Highly trained and skilled jet fighter pilots have a reflex time (WCET) of less than 120ms. Their "eye to hand" coordination time is a fundamental criterion for them to be successful jet fighter pilots. The same holds true for all high performance forms of transportation that are sufficiently pushing the limits of the Laws of Physics to require the quickest possible reaction time for safe human control and/or usage. 5. GeckoSystems' WCET is less than 100ms, or as quick, or quicker than most gifted jet fighter pilots, NASCAR race car drivers, etc. while using low cost COTS and SBC's 6. In mobile robotic guidance systems, WCET has 3 fundamental components. a. Sufficient Field of View (FOV) with appropriate granularity, accuracy, and update rate. b. Rapid processing of that contextual data such that common sense responses are generated. c. Timely physical execution of those common sense responses. In order for any companion robot to be utilitarian for family care, it must be a "three legged milk stool." (1) Human quick reflex time to avoid moving and/or unmapped obstacles, (GeckoNav: http://tinyurl.com/le8a39r) (2) Verbal interaction (GeckoChat: http://tinyurl.com/nnupuw7) with a sense of date and time (GeckoScheduler: http://tinyurl.com/kojzgbx), and (3) Ability to automatically find and follow designated parties (GeckoTrak: http://tinyurl.com/mton9uh) such that verbal interaction can occur routinely with video and audio monitoring of the care receiver is uninterrupted. An earlier third party verification of GeckoSystems' AI centric, human quick sense and avoidance of moving and/or unmapped obstacles by one of their mobile robots can be viewed here: http://t.co/NqqM22TbKN An overview of GeckoSystems' progress containing over 700 pictures and 120 videos can be found at http://www.geckosystems.com/timeline/. These videos illustrate the development of the technology that makes GeckoSystems a world leader in Service Robotics development. Early CareBot prototypes were slower and frequently pivoted in order to avoid a static or dynamic obstacle; later prototypes avoided obstacles without pivoting. Current CareBots avoid obstacles with a graceful "bicycle smooth" motion. The latest videos also depict the CareBot's ability to automatically go faster or slower depending on the amount of clutter (number of obstacles) within its field of view. This is especially important when avoiding moving obstacles in "loose crowd" situations like a mall or an exhibit area. In addition to the timeline videos, GeckoSystems has numerous YouTube videos. The most popular of which are the ones showing room-to-room automatic self-navigation of the CareBot through narrow doorways and a hallway of an old 1954 home. You will see the CareBot slow down when going through the doorways because of their narrow width and then speed up as it goes across the relatively open kitchen area. There are also videos of the SafePath wheelchair, which is a migration of the CareBot AI centric navigation system to a standard power wheelchair, and recently developed cost effective depth cameras were used in this recent configuration. SafePath navigation is now available to OEM licensees and these videos show the versatility of GeckoSystems' fully autonomous navigation solution. GeckoSystems, Star Wars Technology http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYwQBUXXc3g The company has successfully completed an Alpha trial of its CareBot personal assistance robot for the elderly. It was tested in a home care setting and received enthusiastic support from both caregivers and care receivers. The company believes that the CareBot will increase the safety and well being of its elderly charges while decreasing stress on the caregiver and the family. GeckoSystems is preparing for Beta testing of the CareBot prior to full-scale production and marketing. CareBot has recently incorporated Microsoft Kinect depth cameras that result in a significant cost reduction. Kinect Enabled Personal Robot video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn93BS44Das Above, the CareBot demonstrates static and dynamic obstacle avoidance as it backs in and out of a narrow and cluttered alley. There is no joystick control or programmed path; movements are smoother that those achieved using a joystick control. GeckoNav creates three low levels of obstacle avoidance: reactive, proactive, and contemplative. Subsumptive AI behavior within GeckoNav enables the CareBot to reach its target destination after engaging in obstacle avoidance. More information on the CareBot personal assistance robot: http://www.geckosystems.com/markets/CareBot.php GeckoSystems stock is quoted in the U.S. over-the-counter (OTC) markets under the ticker symbol GOSY. http://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/GOSY/quote GeckoSystems uses http://www.LinkedIn.com as its primary social media site for investor updates. Here is Spencer's LinkedIn.com profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/r-martin-spencer-mba-580b2a11 Safe Harbor: Statements regarding financial matters in this press release other than historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends that such statements about the Company's future expectations, including future revenues and earnings, technology efficacy and all other forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbors created thereby. The Company is a development stage firm that continues to be dependent upon outside capital to sustain its existence. Since these statements (future operational results and sales) involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change at any time, the Company's actual results may differ materially from expected results. GeckoSystems Telephone: Main number: +1 678-413-9236 Fax: +1 678-413-9247 Website: http://www.geckosystems.com/ © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Hurricane Matthew Strengthens As Florida Governor Warns: "Evacuate Now. This Is Going To Kill People" Hurricane Matthew Strengthens As Florida Governor Warns: "Evacuate Now. This Is Going To Kill People" Thursday, 6 October 2016 Hurricane Matthew regained strength overnight and now has maximum sustained winds of 125 mph.  While the storm is currently a category 3 hurricane, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) warns that *"Matthew is forecast to be a category 4 hurricane as it approaches the east coast of Florida."*  The NHC has warned residents from *Florida to North Carolina to expect up to 12 inches of rain and "life-threatening surf and rip current conditions."* A state of emergency has been declared in Florida, Georgia and North and South Carolina as 100,000s of evacuating residents have jammed and gas stations and food stores as both are running out of supplies.  Meanwhile mandatory evacuations have been ordered in South Carolina where Governor Nikki Haley warned residents to* “get 100 miles away from the coast.”* *Florida Governor Rick Scott has issued evacuation orders for 1.5mm Florida residents*.  Earlier this morning Scott warned residents to "evacuate, evacuate, evacuate" saying that *"this is going to kill people."* Florida Gov. Rick Scott on Hurricane #Matthew: "Evacuate, evacuate, evacuate... This is going to kill people." https://t.co/6DRInngAOu pic.twitter.com/tyDUPvPkw7 — CNN (@CNN) October 6, 2016 Matthew has already *killed at least 39 people* and displaced thousands, mostly in southern Haiti, and is expected to cause up to $15BN in property damage in the U.S. with Florida residents bearing the brunt of the pain.  Per Bloomberg: The National Weather Service warned that winds, heavy rain and a storm surge could kill, wash out roads, cut communication links and cause outages lasting weeks. *Evacuations could push storm damage to $10 billion to $15 billion* mainly in losses related to economic disruption, said Chuck Watson, a disaster modeler with Enki Research in Savannah, Georgia. Jonathan Adams and Jeffrey Flynn, analysts at Bloomberg Intelligence, projected losses to be closer to $5 billion, with Florida bearing the brunt. Initial video footage from Haita reveals the complete devastation of coastal towns. WATCH: A bird's eye view of the damage from #HurricaneMatthew in Haiti pic.twitter.com/sSTVF6LWo5 — TODAY (@TODAYshow) October 6, 2016 Per the Miami Herald, very slight changes versus forecast could bring the eye of Hurricane Matthew on shore in Florida. “It’s geometry,” said former hurricane center director and WPLG hurricane specialist Max Mayfield. “If you draw the Florida peninsula and you have a track parallel to the peninsula like this one, just a five- to 10-degree change in motion is going to bring the core onto the coast.” In Florida Gov. Rick Scott, who ordered state offices in 26 counties closed and suspended tolls, flew around the state and met with emergency managers to repeat warnings that the powerful storm could unleash heavy damage. Reconstruction costs following a Cat 3 storm for the counties in Matthew’s path run as high as $8.4 billion, according to CoreLogic. *Here is the latest update from the National Hurricane Center:* Matthew is currently about 200 miles southeast of West Palm Beach, Florida and is moving northwest at about 12 mph. The NHC has issued a hurricane warning for east coast residents from Florida up to South Carolina with the storm expected to make landfall as a category 4 storm late tonight. Various areas of the U.S. east coast are expected to get 10-20 inches of rain. Meanwhile, the threat of major winds striking the Florida is now a near certainty. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: ABC Action News - on October 7, 2016< > Embed Governor Scott provides update on Friday morning about Hurricane Matthew impact on Florida 12:26 Governor Scott updated Florida residents on Hurricane Matthew's impact on Florida on Friday morning. You Might Like Recent related news Regional Food Focused Non Profit Running Low on Food and Funds After Hurricane MatthewHand-of-Hope is a non-profit organization raising funds to provide food to the people of Haiti after the devastation of Hurricane Matthew. Johnson City, TN... PRWeb 1 week ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •Reuters Haiti launches massive cholera vaccination drive but worries remain | ReutersBy Makini Brice | LES CAYES, Haiti LES CAYES, Haiti Haiti has launched a massive cholera vaccination campaign to battle a flare-up after Hurricane Matthew, but... Firstpost 4 days ago - India Duke Energy estimates $200M in repair costs from Hurricane MatthewDuke Energy expects to spend $200 million to repair the damage done to its operations by Hurricane Matthew across the Carolinas and Florida. Duke CEO Lynn Good... bizjournals 1 week ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Reuters Other recent news in Markets Tsunami Warning Issued After Powerful 7.8-Magnitude Quake Strikes NEW ZEALAND Turkey Warns Citizens About Travel To US Over "Social Tensions", Anti-Trump Protests MEGYN KELLY's new book; 'Fantastic Beasts'; Tesla-SolarCity meeting The Biggest Flops in SILICON VALLEY History Is BLACK FRIDAY a Scam? Why DONALD TRUMP's NAFTA Plan Will Cost Ford and General Motors Billions ALIBABA GROUP Holding Ltd: This is Why BABA Stock Is Still Bullish Twitter Kasie Vostal RT @BBCBreaking: Hurricane Matthew strengthens to Category Four storm as it approaches Florida https://t.co/ZQQevz0ODv 6 days ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Chevy Chase Gary Sinise Leon Russell Dave Chappelle Current Topics New Zealand Earthquake Tsunami Christchurch Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral MOVIE REVIEW: Trolls It's Official: The Simpsons Has More Episodes Than Any Other Scripted Show In History Donald Trumps Clinton: The 45th US President Emerges Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
null
× Sign In Sign in with Facebook or email Username: * Password: * Log in If you don't have a YourTango account yet please create one now. If you already have an account but forgot your password request a new one. advertisement toggle navigation login register Spotlight: Parenting Love Your Body Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts 33 shares Sign in find an expert Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle Follow Us sign up for newsletter Follow Us Sign in search articles find an expert videos Categories Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle sign up for newsletter How To Be TRULY Honest (Even When It's Hard As Hell) 33 shares + Photo: Weheartit Jan BowenExpert Self October 7, 2016 like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! Just because it's the best policy doesn't mean it's easy. Have you ever had those times when you knew what you wanted or needed to say, but somehow just didn’t get the words out of your mouth? As adults we need to be accountable. Being accountable requires having integrity — that means we need to be honest in our thoughts, words, and actions. When one of those links is lost — for example, our words — we can no longer hold up our role of integrity for ourselves, the people we love, or our community. Which is why we feel so bad when we don't speak out against a social injustice or be honest when asked, "how are you doing?". We’re letting ourselves and everyone else down in a very subtle but very real way. So why aren’t we saying the hard truth? We often hold back from speaking the truth because there’s a risk involved — usually some kind of loss. When we hold back what we feel or think, it always comes back to a fear of some kind — often within ourselves. What are you really afraid of?  Give this question careful thought. Maybe your fear is concerned with hurting someone else, or at the very least their feelings. After you deliver what you have to say, they may not like you any more. They may reject you and all you stand for, including the good times you’ve shared. Perhaps you suspect your manager is endangering their life with a drug habit and speaking out puts you at risk of losing your job. Or you might be concerned about losing a friendship if you exert your independence and say you really don’t like going out every Friday night with the group. Announcing to your carpool group that you can’t stand riding with them because you get migraines may put you at risk of losing social status when you no longer know the latest gossip. Another fear that comes with being honest is of being wrong. What if you’re embarrassed because you speak your mind only to learn some new information that contradicts your opinion? Even though many of the examples above involve another person, at the very root of each is a personal fear: If you speak the truth and reveal who you truly are and what you believe and stand for… what then? The bigger question is — what happens if you don’t speak up? If you choose not to be honest? When you don’t speak up you are letting yourself down. You are denying that you — who you are and what you stand for — matter. By not speaking, you are tacitly allowing others to say they are more important than you. Furthermore, lying causes stress and harms your brain and body! We have to start by being honest with the first link of integrity (our thoughts) to be able to carry it through to our words and actions. Get to the bottom of your fear and you’ll find it much easier to speak up. At times, however, it will undoubtedly still be difficult to find the right words and the right way to say them. So here is a guide to help make it easier: 1. Be honest AND be kind! 2. Stay positive. 3. This isn’t a war you’re waging. You are living a life of integrity so do it with style, not rancor. 4. Be non-judgmental. You have a legitimate stance and are honoring it — just as you are honoring the other person by allowing them to have their point of view. We all have our way to get through this world. Live yours fully and allow others room to live theirs. Remember that your opinion is just that: your own. Own it totally, and accept that it is only your opinion. Everyone else has their own right. 5. Own your words and only yours. Don’t parrot or take on anyone else’s. We can only be accountable for ourselves, so say what you have to say and let it go. 6. Only speak up if you are providing value — to yourself in some way or to the listener. What is “value”? Would you, or the other party, be able to benefit without you speaking up? 7. Make it easy and remember this acronym that was created as a guideline for posting on social media: THINK T -is what I’m saying true?) H -(are my words helpful? I -am I being inspirational — or illegal — in any way? N -is this necessary to say? K -am I being kind? If you haven’t been totally honest, it may be difficult to initially find the words to speak up, but once you do, honesty and living your life with integrity will become the only way you will accept to live. If you don’t speak up for yourself, who will?   Jan L. Bowen is a passionately honest thought leader who helps clients align their lives with integrity to find more joy and greater connection. Get Jan’s latest book: "Why Do You Get Up In the Morning? How to Demystify Your Life Purpose" — download now.   like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! More content from YourTango: 7 Critical Things Couples With Good Communication Do WAY Differently 10 Ways To Be Honest — 100% Truly Honest — In Your Marriage Your 3-Step Guide To Figuring Out Who You Can REALLY Trust   17 Happiness Truths From Love & Relationship Experts Click to view (17 images) yourtangoEditor Self Read Later   Author Jan BowenExpert 33 shares + MOST POPULAR Photo: Tom Burns What I Will Tell My Daughter If Donald Trump Wins The Election Tom BurnsEditor Buzz Read Later Photo: weheartit 12 Top-Secret Tips From The Happiest Couples In THE WORLD Kristin DavinExpert Love Read Later Photo: Courtesy of Author A Letter To Hillary Clinton — From A 10-Year-Old Girl Named Kaia Kaia JamesContributor Self Read Later Click to view (12 images) Photo: weheartit The Pros And Cons Of Marrying Him, Based On His Zodiac Sign BRIDESPartner Love Read Later Photo: Pexels I Was A Virgin Until I Got Married — And I Regret It xoJanePartner Sex Read Later Photo: WeHeartIt Sometimes Deleting People Is The Only Way To Stay SANE On Facebook Emily BlackwoodEditor Buzz Read Later Photo: weheartit People Who Cry During Movies Are The STRONGEST People Of All Ossiana TepfenhartBlogger Self Read Later Photo: WeHeartIt What It Feels Like To Have Anxiety And Depression At The Same Time Rebecca Jane StokesEditor Self Read Later Click to view (12 images) Photo: weheartit The Kind Of Woman He Falls For HARD, According To His Zodiac Sign Christine SchoenwaldAuthor Buzz Read Later Click to view (15 images) Photo: Instagram 15 Instagram Love Poems We Wish Our Man Would Write For Us Madelyn RennieEditor Buzz Read Later TRENDING Photo: WeHeartIt The Type Of Man You DESERVE (Based On Your Zodiac Sign) Photo: weheartit Brad And Angelina May Have Consulted A Transgender Expert For Shiloh Photo: WeHeartIt 11 Signs He's Not In Love — You're Just Convenient Photo: weheartit The Kind Of Man You're Going To Marry, According To Your Zodiac Sign Photo: Weheartit If He Doesn't Have These 20 Qualities, He's NOT Your Soulmate Photo: weheartit If Your Guy Does These 7 Things, He's Playing You For A FOOL Explore YourTango Love Heartbreak Sex Family Self Buzz MOST POPULAR What I Will Tell My Daughter If Donald Trump Wins The Election 12 Top-Secret Tips From The Happiest Couples In THE WORLD A Letter To Hillary Clinton — From A 10-Year-Old Girl Named Kaia The Pros And Cons Of Marrying Him, Based On His Zodiac Sign Click to view (12 images) I Was A Virgin Until I Got Married — And I Regret It Sometimes Deleting People Is The Only Way To Stay SANE On Facebook People Who Cry During Movies Are The STRONGEST People Of All What It Feels Like To Have Anxiety And Depression At The Same Time The Kind Of Woman He Falls For HARD, According To His Zodiac Sign Click to view (12 images) 15 Instagram Love Poems We Wish Our Man Would Write For Us Click to view (15 images) Trending Expert Advice Crying In Front Of Perfect Strangers Isn’t Weak, It’s Strong As Hell 6 Reasons You Keep Going Back — Even When He Hurts You Over And Over 5 Things That Will 100% KILL Your Relationship (Unless You Stop NOW) Your Sensuality Has A SMELL — And It Might Be Turning Him Off 5 Frustrating Things Women Do That Turn Men Off Immediately Must-See Videos Women Cheat Just Like Men, But What's HER Reasoning Behind It? video The Fascinating Reasons Why We Cheat (And How We Can Stop Them) 5 Reasons Why It Can Be SO Painfully Hard To Get Over A Breakup SEE MORE VIDEOS POPULAR BLOGS Celebrity Love Love Buzz Tomfoolery Open Up Inside YourTango Love Mom Traditional Love Experts Blog JOIN Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs Links Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle ABOUT About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising HTML Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback EXPERTS Become A Member Find An Expert Ask An Expert Disclaimer Desktop © 2016 by Tango Media Corporation All Rights Reserved. × Want a good laugh, cry or hug? We deliver all 3 every day! Sign up for the YourTango newsletter Female Male Go!    
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Lessons From David's JCOC Trip: What We Can Learn From Special Forces Training You might be surprised by what they emphasize in the process of crafting our best warriors. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Oct 7, 2016 at 2:39PM The Joint Civilian Orientation Conference is a Department of Defense program designed to give a few dozen non-military members a deeper understanding of the U.S. Armed Forces. In this week's Rule Breaker Investing podcast, David Gardner is ready to reflect on the lessons of his trip. Among the things that fascinated him are the methods by which the best of the best are chosen and trained -- methods that have barely changed in decades.    A transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on Aug. 31, 2016. David Gardner:  And I'm going to close it out with just a few insights that I saw from hearing and learning how Special Forces are trained in the United States of America. The first thing I want to say about it is it's a very selective process. I think everybody knows that. A tiny percentage of people who actually apply to be a U.S. Army Ranger ever get to be. There is, as you'd expect, the physical requirements and demand. At a minimum, you have to be able to do things like 59 sit-ups, 49 push-ups. Then you have to run a few miles in a short time and then finish it all out with some pull-ups. So yes, there are those physical requirements. But what was really evident to me is how those almost take a back seat, even in the U.S. Special Forces, to intellect and character -- almost moral characteristics, which they're constantly looking for. In fact, they said their selection process has only slightly changed since 1989. Think about how many other things in the world have changed, including all the technology and equipment that the military uses since 1989, and yet the actual process for selection is still mostly the same. Here are a few of the things that they'll do. They'll have you start running, and they won't tell you for how long you're running. You just have to run. They say run, and you run. So there's ambiguity in terms of what's going to be asked of you, and you should probably expect they'll stress you out. They'll frequently have you do a lot more than you ever thought you would have had to do when they first told you just start running. So not telling you what you're going to do. Not telling you how you're doing. Not giving you any feedback in terms of whether you're doing a good job or not. In fact, I found it fascinating. A part of the test for the Army Special Forces involves not telling you that you were right or that you were wrong as you go. As you're collaborating, sometimes, with other recruits, and you're having to orienteer yourself in darkness, and figure out how to get from there to somewhere else, to somewhere else, starting at 2 a.m. in the morning and needing to be done by noon later that day, there is no right or wrong. They'll say there are only consequences for the decisions that you're going to make. It's interesting they do an IQ test, and what they've consistently found are the people who end up in Special Forces have an IQ that is between 102, at the low end, and 130. I think most of us in the U.S. know that an IQ test normalizes at 100, so 100 is average intelligence. Below 102, you're probably not mentally fit enough to be a Special Forces guy or gal, but if you're over 130, you're probably also not well set up to be in U.S. Special Forces. They said too often among those people there's too exact a need to be right. It just doesn't quite work. The final note from the Special Forces selection: 70% are introverts, maybe not what a lot of us would expect. So a fascinating process to weed out, physically and emotionally, who's going to be Special Forces, and I learned a lot and saw a lot from those people. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Oct 7, 2016 at 2:39PM Financials Read More Why Corrections Corporation of America Broke Out a 60% Gain Today Wills vs. Trusts: Which Are Better? Apollo Investment: Earnings End a Two-Year Slide in Book Value The 3 Best Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in November Trusts: Everything You Need to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Beauty Fashion Health Cookery Insync Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Spirituality Tools Photos Videos Fashion Store हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home Health Beauty Insync Fashion Cookery Relationship Spirituality Pregnancy n Parenting Home n Garden Fashion Store Photos Videos Socail Share Mail Facebook Twitter gplus Home » Insync » Pulse »Did You Know Of These Amazing 10 Facts? Read On! Did You Know Of These Amazing 10 Facts? Read On! By: Syeda Farah Noor Updated: Friday, October 7, 2016, 14:37 [IST] Subscribe to Boldsky Facts are something that amuse us most of the time. There are so many different facts that most of us are not aware of. We are here to just help you learn these unknown facts. Here, in this article, we are about to share some of the most interesting facts that one needs to know. These are a mixture of all the worldly facts and the scientific facts that make this article an interesting read. After all, learning is interesting and important as well, isn't it? So, find out about these amazing and interesting 10 facts that can teach you something new today. Go on, indulge yourself in the read. Fact #1 A psychological study has revealed that when you are single, you tend to see more of happy couples and when you are committed, you see more of "happy singles". Strange, isn't it? Fact #2 People who spend most of their time in front of TV and laptop suffer from TATT syndrome (Tired All The Time). This is something most of the teens suffer from these days. Fact #3 Most of the people die between 3 AM and 4 AM, as the human body is said to be the weakest at this time and hence chances of heart attacks and other health-related issues are more and get triggered. Fact #4 Most of the humans tend to emotionally open up and confess things during late-night texting. Though it is not the same during the calls. Fact #5 The sudden jerk that our body experiences during the sleep is known as "Hypnic Jerk". This happens when you slip in a dream while you're half asleep. Fact #6 Did you know that you can increase your concentration level while reading, writing or studying by listening to music without the vocals? Well, try it once, as it really works! Fact #7 Men just take 3 days to fall in love with a woman, while women on other hand tend to take 14 dates to fall in love with a man. Fact #8 Posting about yourself and your daily activities on social media sites activates your brain's reward system. It is just the way you feel after getting a kick when you're high on drugs. Fact #9 Whoever said that bad handwriting are bad should know the fact that intelligent people tend to think faster and as a result, they have a sloppy handwriting. Fact #10 Psychology research proves that women who play online video games are more happy in life when compared to women who do not! No wonder, men love such women! Read more about: facts, science, body Story first published: Friday, October 7, 2016, 14:34 [IST] Other articles published on Oct 7, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... What Causes Pain In The Right Side Of The Chest 3 Kitchen Ingredients Can Treat Asthma Better Than Medicines! This Ancient Home Remedy Can Regulate Your Thyroid Hormones! Featured Posts Subscribe Newsletter Recommended Editor's Choice Witness Supermoon In 68 Years! Ever Wondered Why Japanese Celebrate Doll Festival? Ever Wondered Why Japanese Celebrate Doll Festival? Crazy Stories About Farting Bollywood Actresses Who Underwent Breast Implant Surgery Heartbreaking Facts About Life The Office Guy Who Stole Chocolates!! Your Hair Knows When You Fall Asleep – 15 Weird Hair Facts! + Show More Health, Beauty, Fashion, Relationship, Cookery Now answers to all your lifestyle queries are 2 steps away Receive lifetime benefits of our free newsletter No thanks, I'm better off solving my lifestyle issues myself   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
