Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump to name coal lobbyist as deputy EPA chief: report Blog Briefing Room — 10m 6s ago Maddow's Trump's tax return reveal delivers 4.1 million viewers for MSNBC Media — 14m 30s ago Irish proverb shared by Trump might actually be from a Nigerian poet: report Blog Briefing Room — 38m ago House votes to make it easier to fire VA employees for misconduct Floor Action — 57m 11s ago Obama reportedly spending a month in French Polynesia Blog Briefing Room — 1h 26s ago GOP leaders want details before funding Trump’s border wall Senate — 1h 25m ago Dem rep asks White House for Sebastian Gorka's immigration papers Blog Briefing Room — 1h 25m ago Congressional reporter for conservative IJR resigns Media — 1h 28m ago view all   Feinstein: 'Possibility’ Intel Dems could subpoena Trump tax returns By Mark Hensch - 03/09/17 09:27 PM EST 13,743   Dianne Feinstein tells me that it's a "distinct possibility" Senate Intel could try to subpoeana Trump's tax returns https://t.co/cqRR5LdlJ8— Manu Raju (@mkraju) March 10, 2017 Sen. Dianne FeinsteinDianne FeinsteinLGBT groups: Gorsuch more extreme than Scalia FBI director briefs top senators on Russia Overnight Cybersecurity: DOJ charges Russians over Yahoo hack | Intel chairman says he has no evidence of Trump wiretapping MORE (D-Calif.) told CNN Thursday that it is a "distinct possibility" that she and other Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee could try to force President Trump to release his tax returns through a subpoena.  “We’re not there yet, but quote, ‘It’s a distinct possibility, yes,’ ” Manu Raju, CNN’s senior congressional reporter, said Feinstein told him Thursday. Raju added that Democrats “actually have the power” to subpoena Trump under committee rules despite being in the minority. But such a move could throw a wrench into the committee's bipartisan investigation into Russia's meddling in the election. And the White House would likely employ protections to keep Trump's tax returns under wraps, CNN reported. ADVERTISEMENT Raju said that Sen. Susan CollinsSusan CollinsTrump budget proposes 13 percent cut to Transportation Dept Medicaid rollback looms for GOP senators in 2020 GOP does damage control over healthcare score MORE (R-Maine) also told him that she's open to looking into the move but is not at that point yet.  Trump has repeatedly resisted calls to publicly release his tax returns, which Democrats argue could shed light on his ties to Russia and conflicts of interest stemming from business dealings. Trump has said that he has not done business in Russia. Democrats have repeatedly tried unearthing Trump's tax returns, with the latest attempt happening Wednesday, as part of an effort to force Republicans to take tough votes on the record. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) offered an amendment during the Ways and Means Committee’s markup of legislation to repeal and replace ObamaCare that evening. It requested Trump’s tax returns from the Treasury Department for his panel’s review. Committee Chairman Kevin BradyKevin BradyOvernight Finance: Inside Trump's first budget | Reaction from Congress | Budget panel advances ObamaCare repeal | Debt ceiling returns Tax reform will be fight against special interests GOP senator asks IRS to review enforcement of limit on church political activity MORE (R-Texas) ruled the measure was unrelated to health insurance legislation and Republicans ultimately tabled a Democratic appeal. Tags Dianne Feinstein Susan Collins Kevin Brady Democrats Tax returns Politics Senate   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 McDonald's tweets to Trump: 'You... A tweet from the McDonald's corporate account called President Trump "a... 1,007 Shares 2 Violent threats against the... OPINION | The media is playing favorites, and Americans notice.  563 Shares 3 The 19 federal agencies Trump... President Trump’s budget blueprint proposes eliminating 19 federal... 305 Shares 4 CNN’s Chalian: Trump ‘looked like... President Trump "looked like a third grader" trying to “squirm out of a... 278 Shares 5 White House defends proposed cuts... "We can’t spend money on programs because they sound good," budget... 256 Shares 6 New York police chief pans Trump's... The police chief said Trump's proposed budget would especially hurt his... 229 Shares 7 GOP leaders want details before... “We’d like to see what the plan is before we write a big check,” Rep.... 215 Shares 8 Flynn took money from multiple... President Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn,... 214 Shares 9 Dem rep asks White House for... Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) is asking the White House to hand Trump aide... 207 Shares 10 Sean Hannity once pointed a gun at... The incident allegedly occurred off-camera last October on Hannity's Fox... 206 Shares 11 Irish proverb shared by Trump... President Trump on Thursday met with Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny in... 206 Shares 12 Congressional reporter for... The congressional reporter for the conservative Independent Journal Review... 199 Shares 13 GOP senator: EPA 'brainwashing our... Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) is accusing the Environmental Protection... 171 Shares 14 Dem lawmaker: Trump might've... The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee suggested Thursday... 139 Shares 15 Nervous GOP senators rooting for... A growing number of GOP senators are hoping the House fails to pass its... 139 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-03-15 WWE News: WWE NXT Stars Takeover ‘Download,’ Europe’s Premier Rock Festival Entertainment 2017-03-14 Nick Viall, Vanessa Still Together? Couple Tell Jimmy Kimmel About Sex Life Entertainment 2017-03-14 ‘Dance Moms’ Star Maddie Ziegler Gushes About Sia, Hints At Movie Together Entertainment 2017-03-14 Annette Ezekial Kogan Discusses Theatrical Comedy ‘Golem Gets Married’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-03-15 Snoop Dogg Bashes Donald Trump In His Crazy Controversial Song ‘BadBadNotGood’ News 2017-03-15 Infamous Blogger Belle Gibson Facing Huge Fines For Fake Cancer Story News 2017-03-14 Rachel Maddow Disappoints With Failed ‘Scoop’ On Donald Trump’s Taxes News 2017-03-14 E9 Fledges And Has An Accidental Adventure, Watch Live Eagle Cams And Videos Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-03-15 WWE Smackdown 3/14/17: AJ Styles Fired From Smackdown After Assaulting McMahon Wrestling 2017-03-15 Big Update On Broken Hardys’ WWE Plans: Jeff Hardy Spills Beans On ROH Deal Football 2017-03-15 Adrian Peterson Oakland Raiders Rumors: AP, Jared Cook Headline Raiders News Sports 2017-03-15 Three Time Kick Boxing Champion Curtis Page Accused Of Rape And Abuse Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-03-13 Bronze, Stainless Steel, And Abstract Shapes: The Sculpture Of Gino Miles Lifestyle 2017-03-13 Rhinestones And Resilience: The Life Of Mixed-Media Artist Park McGinty Lifestyle 2017-03-12 Portland Airport Provides A Great Reason To Miss Your Flight: Movies Lifestyle 2017-03-11 The Muppets Make Seattle Their First Stop On New World Museum Tour Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-03-15 More People Are Using Plastic Surgery To Become Human Barbie And Ken Dolls Health 2017-03-12 Candida Auris Superbug: Who’s At Risk, Where It’s Spread, Can It Be Stopped? Health 2017-03-12 New Doctors Will Now Be Allowed To Work 28 Hours In A Row – How Safe Is It? Health 2017-03-12 Scorpion Venom May Be The Newest Cancer Treatment Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-03-15 Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Release Date, Specs, Dual Cameras And Everything We Know Gaming 2017-03-14 ‘Mass Effect: Andromeda’ Multiplayer Features Over 25 Characters At Launch Gaming 2017-03-14 ‘Splatoon 2’ Switch Global Testfire Available To Download, But Not Play Yet Science 2017-03-14 Pi Day: What Is ‘Pi’ And Why Do We Celebrate It? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-03-14 Sex Toy Remote App Spied On Unsuspecting Users — Lawsuit Grants Up To $10K Each BuzzWorthy 2017-03-14 Jerry Seinfeld And More Celebs Have Ties To Countries In Trump Travel Ban BuzzWorthy 2017-03-14 Giraffe Cam YouTube: April ‘Agrees’ To Give Birth After Snowstorm BuzzWorthy 2017-03-14 Japan Allows Home-Sharing In Time For AnimeJapan 2017? Airbnb For Anime Fans SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Will Challenge 13-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Gadgets 0 0 0 March 9, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Will Challenge 13-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Daryl Deino There has been no release date set for the Surface Pro 5, but more rumored details are coming out. According to International Business Times, the Pro 5 will likely support Microsoft’s HoloLens. “HoloLens support was earlier reportedly not said to be included in the Surface Pro 5, since HoloLens is not a consumer device. But with the company rolling out the technology to more affordable VR headsets, the tablet is expected to offer HoloLens support.” The Surface Pro 5 will likely support Microsoft’s HoloLens. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] The article adds that the Surface Pro 5 will also support Microsoft’s Windows 10 Creator’s Update, which is expected to be the biggest Windows update since Windows 10. According to iTech Post, the Surface Pro 5 will be compatible with Surface Dial support. “Moreover, the Surface Dial is also expected to be compatible with the next-gen Surface Pro tablet. This relatively new Microsoft product was launched in October and has primarily been designed for the Surface Studio.” The article explains that the Surface Dial is a Bluetooth-enabled accessory that is very much like a mouse. However, it has a dfferent set of features that can have custom functionalities depending on the user’s needs. Digital Trends talks about some other features. “The Surface Pro 4 uses sixth-generation Intel Core processors and offers an excellent 12.3-inch display with a 3:2 aspect ratio, 2,736 x 1,824-pixel resolution, and 267 PPI. Anticipated — and logical — Surface Pro 5 updates, therefore, include a move to seventh-generation Intel Kaby Lake processors and a 4K display option.” The article adds that in order to make the device as thin as possible, USB-3 ports may be replaced with USB-C ports — something Apple has been doing for the past year. Other possibilities listed include a wireless charging pen and a larger capacity battery. The Surface Pro 5 will definitely compete with the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, although the MacBook Pro isn’t a touch-enabled or pen-enabled device. The new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar hasn’t been as well received as Apple had hoped. Many have complained about the battery life and believe that is way overpriced. Digital Trends gives the Pro a very mixed three-star review. The MacBook Pro with Touch Bar has received mixed reviews. [Image by Daryl Deino] “Apple’s new MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is a beautiful machine, but it has several flaws, and it’s far too expensive,” says critic Matt Smith, who adds that there are many cheaper Windows machines that have overall better features. Many in the comments section agree with the author. “I couldn’t agree with you more… last good macbook was from 2011,” says Tomas Stejcek. “This is the BEST REVIEW I have read of the new Mac laptop, and trust me, i have read many. Tech reviewers and other industry observers (like myself) agree that this new Mac simply is overpriced for the cost and under implemented for the technology,” claims Mike Drips. However, there are certainly a lot of happy MacBook Pro with Touch Bar owners on Twitter. I'm so in love with my MacBook Pro!!! touch bar is lit. Best decision I ever made — Marisol Valenzuela (@marisolv_3) February 19, 2017 Michael, I've been using my new 2016 MacBook Pro for a couple of weeks and absolutely love it and the touchbar (had a 2011 model). https://t.co/R0Aaq99ZcG — Erich Robinson (@ErichRobinson) January 14, 2017 Besides the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, the Surface Pro 5 will compete with laptop hybrids from Dell, HP, Lenovo, and even Samsung, who is about to release the Galaxy Book, which is very much like the Surface Pro except that it includes the keyboard cover. Do you think the Surface Pro 5 will be as successful as the Surface Pro 4? Let us know in the comments section. [Featured Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] Now Read This: iPad Pro 2 Release Date: Four New iPads Coming Next Week? Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: dell, hp, macbook pro, Surface Pro 4 March 14, 2017 Adam Levine Spotted In NYC Amid ‘The Voice’ Blind Auditions, Where’s His Wife? March 14, 2017 Ben Affleck Completes Stint In Rehab, Explains How Kids Impacted His Decision Comments LATEST HEADLINES Steve King Predicts Black-Hispanic Race War Before Whites lose Majority Angelina Jolie Reportedly Making Her Kids Choose Between Her And Brad Pitt Snoop Dogg Bashes Donald Trump In His Crazy Controversial Song ‘BadBadNotGood’ ‘Better Call Saul’ Season 3 Promo Teases Jimmy Behind Bars, Gus Fring Returns WWE News: WWE NXT Stars Takeover ‘Download,’ Europe’s Premier Rock Festival WWE Smackdown 3/14/17: AJ Styles Fired From Smackdown After Assaulting McMahon Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Release Date, Specs, Dual Cameras And Everything We Know Gwen Stefani Defends Flirting With Blake Shelton On ‘The Voice’ After Backlash Jennifer Aniston’s Favorite Smoothie Recipes A Sure-Fire For Weight Loss ‘This Is Us’ Producers Explain Explosive Scene In Season Finale, Fans React Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘This Is Us’ Finale To Feature ‘Painful’ Scene Never Before Seen On Television 51k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Brock Lesnar Refused To Work With Big Name At ‘WrestleMania 33’ 14.9k 0 0 ‘This Is Us’ Finale – What Is The ‘Never Before Seen’ Moment That Is So Painful? 6.5k 0 0 ‘Kindred Spirits’ Will Be Returning For A Chilling New Season On TLC 4k 0 0 How Jay Z And Beyonce Met, Her Body Image, And Celebrity Life Struggles 58 0 0 Pharaoh Ramses II Statue From 13th Century BC Discovered In Mud In Egypt 9.9k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Cloudera Said to Tap Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, BofA for IPO by Alex Barinka @alexbarinka More stories by Alex Barinka March 9, 2017, 5:42 PM EST March 9, 2017, 6:15 PM EST Big-data company said to have filed paperwork with U.S. SEC Cloudera backed by Intel Corp., Google Inc.’s venture arm Cloudera CEO Tom Reilly Photographer: Matthew Busch/Bloomberg Cloudera Inc., the big-data company backed by Intel Corp., is working with Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp. on its initial public offering, people with knowledge of the matter said. The company, based in Palo Alto, California, has filed paperwork for an IPO confidentially with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. Cloudera is planning to go public this year and is eyeing a valuation of about $4.1 billion, said the people, in line with what it fetched in its last private funding round three years ago. Allen & Co., Citigroup Inc. and Barclays Plc are also working on the deal, one of the people said. A representative for Cloudera declined to comment. Spokesmen for Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, Barclays, Bank of America and Citi declined to comment, while a representative of Allen & Co. didn’t respond to a request for comment. After a slow start to the year for initial offerings, Snap Inc., the maker of disappearing-photo app Snapchat, raised $3.9 billion this month, including an overallotment to underwriters. The company priced the shares above the marketed range, and the stock surged 44 percent in its debut. Though the shares have trimmed those gains, they’re still up 34 percent since the offering, a positive outcome for the first technology IPO of 2017. MuleSoft, Alteryx MuleSoft Inc., an enterprise software company based in San Francisco, is seeking to raise as much as $209 million in an IPO scheduled to price March 16, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Data-analytics company Alteryx Inc. filed its initial prospectus last month with a placeholder amount of $75 million. For more on potential software IPOs, click here. Cloudera creates tools and provides services that center on the open-source data analysis software, Hadoop. Its technology helps wrangle mass amounts of data, analyze it and use it to make decisions in real time. The company competes with the likes of Hortonworks Inc. and MapR Technologies Inc. It has raised upward of $1 billion in private funding, including a $900 million round in March 2014. That injection included $740 million from Intel, as well as $160 million from investors T. Rowe Price Group Inc., Google Inc.’s venture arm and Michael Dell’s investment firm, MSD Capital LP. Companies with revenue of less than $1 billion are able to file IPO documents confidentially under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. It allows them to work out details with the SEC away from the public eye. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump’s Second Bid at Travel Ban Knocked Down by Two U.S. Judges Yellen Calms Fears Fed’s Policy Trigger Finger Is Getting Itchy Trump Plans Historic Cuts Across Government to Fund Defense Dutch Liberals Defeat Wilders’s Party in Blow to Populist Surge Trump Paid $38 Million Tax on $150 Million Income, Return Shows Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Stocks With Promising, Amazon-like Growth Potential Looking for a few stocks that could grow for decades? Our team of Fools thinks that these five businesses could fit the bill. Brian Feroldi, Dan Caplinger, Rich Duprey, Jason Hall, and Jordan Wathen (TMFTypeoh) Mar 9, 2017 at 6:31PM It isn't hard to figure out why Amazon.com has been one of the best-performing stocks over the past two decades. The e-commerce giant's top line has skyrocketed since its founding in 1994 as more consumers warm up to the idea of shopping online. In turn, investors have bid up shares on the hope that the company's massive revenue growth will translate into huge profit growth, too. So what other companies could potentially grow at a breakneck speed over the next few decades? We asked a team of Fools that very question, and they picked MercadoLibre (NASDAQ:MELI), WisdomTree Investments (NASDAQ:WETF), Illumina (NASDAQ:ILMN), First Solar (NASDAQ:FSLR), and NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA). Read on to find out why. Image source: Getty Images. Look south for great growth Dan Caplinger (MercadoLibre): To look for Amazon-like growth potential, it makes sense to stay in the same arena that Amazon serves while searching for a niche that the online retail giant hasn't yet sought to cover. MercadoLibre has that appeal, as it has set out to become the primary e-commerce giant serving the Latin American region. With hundreds of millions of potential customers in a rapidly growing part of the emerging world, Latin America gives MercadoLibre plenty of upside potential. MercadoLibre has done a lot to build up an entire ecosystem to facilitate internet commerce. Starting with its premier marketplace site, MercadoLibre later added a variety of add-on services, including its MercadoPago payment system, MercadoEnvios for shipping, and a service to allow purchasers to get financing on what they buy when necessary. These ancillary businesses provide a full-service experience for MercadoLibre users, but they also have the potential to become independently successful in their own right and expand into more applications. MercadoLibre does face the challenge of dealing with more volatile economic conditions. For instance, in recent years, Latin America largely missed out on the economic growth that the U.S. has enjoyed, because of falling commodity prices. That filtered through to MercadoLibre's prospects. However, with commodities starting to bounce higher, MercadoLibre has posted solid growth, and the runway for the e-commerce giant spans a long way into the future. Sights set on the future Rich Duprey (NVIDIA): After the run-up in value NVIDIA has had over the past few years, rising some 600% since 2014, it's easy to think its stock is priced for perfection. As it trades at 62 times trailing earnings and 44 times forward estimates, it's understandable why some are concerned about valuation. But at times some companies deserve the heightened expectations -- because their businesses are that good. The depth and breadth of the graphics-chip maker's portfolio gives it a huge competitive advantage over rivals Intel and Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD), driving its leading GPU segment to exceed the market's growth. Notably, the segment is enjoying rapid adoption in AI, the cloud, gaming, and self-driving vehicles. That shows its importance not only in its mainstay gaming market, but also in the auto market, in the Internet of Things, and as part of devices that are pushing the boundaries of virtual reality and machine learning. GPUs are perhaps at the core of the wave of the future: deep learning that will literally drive the driverless cars, advance healthcare, and more. NVIDIA's leadership has come at the expense of Intel and AMD, but make no mistake: It's still gaming that is the moneymaker here, accounting for more than 60% of total revenue as its GeForce GPU continues to fuel strong adoption of its Pascal architecture. AMD's Polaris processors may help lift its performance, but they still lag far behind NVIDIA's offerings. The chipmaker may have to do everything right, but it's proving that it is capable of doing so, and it routinely exceeds even its own forecasts of growth. It expects fourth-quarter revenue to come in at $1.9 billion, give or take, which would be a nearly 50% year-over-year increase -- a goal well within its reach. No company can grow continuously in a straight line, and there will be hiccups along the way for NVIDIA, but there's no reason to think that, even if investors get nervous again, the strength of its business won't be able to continue driving it higher to achieve Amazon-like growth. A genomic-sequencing leader Brian Feroldi (Illumina): While the human genome was first decoded more than a decade ago, I'd bet that you still haven't had your DNA sequenced. That's because it still costs more than $1,000 to do so, which is a price tag that is still too high to drive mass adoption. However, I'd bet that you will have your genome sequenced in the next decade or so as costs continue to fall. If I'm right, then Illumina -- a leading provider of genomic-testing equipment -- looks poised for massive growth from here. Illumina is the dominant player in the genomic-sequencing market. The company sells both the machines that sequence the DNA and the supplies that are needed to run each test. This razor-and-blade model has allowed Illumina's revenue to rise rapidly even while the cost of performing a test has fallen dramatically. Here's a great chart that shows this phenomenon in action:  Image source: Illumina. CAGR = Compound annual growth rate. Recently, Illumina stunned the markets with the launch of its NovaSeq series, which is a next-generation testing system that promises to drive down the costs of sequencing a genome to as little as $100. With a price point that low, I could easily see this technology going mainstream. But what can healthcare providers do with the information gathered through DNA sequencing? To help find out, Illumina has teamed up with IBM and Philips to create new tools that will standardize and simplify data interpretation. If successful, the project could help providers identify diseases at far earlier stages than current technology allows.  In total, Illumina's new technology could help to revolutionize the world of healthcare as we know it today. If this pans out, then Illumina could be poised to deliver decades of top- and bottom-line growth. The future is bright for First Solar Jason Hall (First Solar): Solar and renewable energy stocks are likely to get trashed in the near term, as President Donald Trump's administration makes good on his campaign promise to cut regulations. And while a lot of investor money will shift away from renewables and chase after the companies that could benefit in the short term, the long term remains in the favor of companies like First Solar.  This is because, even as the Trump administration announces plans to cut emissions regulations across the transportation, automotive, and utility industries in the United States, the rest of the developed world is putting more emphasis on renewables. And with the bulk of global population expansion -- particularly in the energy-consuming middle class -- happening outside North America over the next several decades, don't let local politics cloud your view when it comes to the growth prospects for First Solar. After all, the company already derives nearly half of its business outside North America.  There's a good chance the market will remain very unfavorable on First Solar's stock in the short term. But looking out years down the road, billions of new global middle-class members will be relying on solar all over the world, no matter what U.S. politics and regulations look like. If you're willing to ride out short-term choppiness completely unrelated to the big picture, and potentially get Amazon-like returns, First Solar is a great stock to own.  A bet on index funds Jordan Wathen (WisdomTree Investments): WisdomTree Investments currently dominates in an obscure corner of the index fund world. WisdomTree's most popular funds allow you to invest in Japanese and European stocks without exposing yourself to currency risk. The bad news is that investors have turned cold on the strategy. The company's currency-hedged funds, which held about $39.2 billion in assets at their peak in the second quarter of 2015, ended the fourth quarter of 2016 with just $18.8 billion in assets. As the dollar strengthened, investors now want to bet on a weaker dollar, a bet that WisdomTree funds aren't particularly useful for. Luckily, the company has a few other emerging strategies. Its domestic dividend funds are proven winners and have been excellent asset gatherers. It has also expanded abroad to start new exchange-traded funds in markets that aren't as saturated with ETFs as American stock exchanges. I see WisdomTree as something of a lottery ticket in an industry that should see its assets under management grow at a high-single-digit clip for a long time to come. For a levered company like WisdomTree, that can easily turn into years of double-digit earnings growth.  Brian Feroldi owns shares of Amazon and MercadoLibre. Brian Feroldi has the following options: short January 2019 $185 puts on IBM, short January 2019 $180 puts on IBM, long January 2018 $175 calls on IBM, and short January 2018 $175 puts on IBM. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jason Hall owns shares of Amazon, First Solar, Intel, and MercadoLibre. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Illumina, MercadoLibre, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and WisdomTree Investments. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Feroldi, Dan Caplinger, Rich Duprey, Jason Hall, and Jordan Wathen (TMFTypeoh) Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy the highest quality companies that he can find and then let compounding work its magic. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter. Follow @brianferoldi Article Info Mar 9, 2017 at 6:31PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $853.42 up $0.45 (0.05%) IBM NYSE:IBM $177.24 up $1.43 (0.81%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $13.65 down $0.33 (-2.36%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.14 up $0.04 (0.11%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $103.81 up $1.26 (1.23%) First Solar NASDAQ:FSLR $32.98 down $0.02 (-0.06%) Illumina NASDAQ:ILMN $159.46 down $-6.49 (-3.91%) MercadoLibre NASDAQ:MELI $211.56 down $-3.57 (-1.66%) WisdomTree Investments NASDAQ:WETF $9.37 up $0.21 (2.29%) Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV NYSE:PHG $31.37 up $0.44 (1.42%) Read More NVIDIA Corporation's Staggering Growth in 4 Charts 3 Winners From the Nintendo Switch Teardown Will Quadro Help NVIDIA Corporation's Professional Business Take Off? How NVIDIA's 4 Key Segments Fared In 2016 Better Buy: Intel Corporation vs. NVIDIA Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Stocks With Promising, Amazon-like Growth Potential @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $IBM, $AMD, $INTC, $NVDA, $FSLR, $ILMN, $MELI, $WETF, $PHG
23ABC News Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Weather Radar Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Weather Alerts El Niño Weather Cams News + Morning Trends Made In Kern County Local Breaking Silence Tracking Terrorism State US | World News Slideshows Irresistible Financial Fitness Zone Politics Newsy Videos DecodeDC Traffic + Gas Prices Drive Times Traffic Cameras Entertainment + Contests Oscars Right This Minute METV Bakersfield Crosswords The List Sudoku Who Wants To Be A Millionaire Lifestyle + At The Table Staying Healthy Family Education Community Calendar The Chew Marketplace + Help For The Holidays Money California Lottery Results ShopSmart Sports + Local Sports Student Athletes 23FNL College Basketball About Us + Newstips Staff Bios TV Listings Advertise 23ABC Jobs Contact Us RSS Support Newsletters Video + Live Video ABC News Live Video Current 75 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 53° HI: -° LO: 53° HI: -° LO: 53° More Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences turnto23.com National News Partner Trump's Former National Security Adviser Files As Foreign Agent Lauren Stephenson 6:33 PM, Mar 9, 2017 turkey | white house | russia | 2016 | donald trump Photo Credit: Getty Images Despite his firing last month, President Trump's former National Security Adviser Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn has raised more questions for White House press secretary Sean Spicer to answer. "Was the president aware that Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn was acting as a foreign agent when he appointed him to be the national security adviser?" Fox News correspondent John Roberts asked Spicer at a press briefing Thursday. Spicer responded, "I don't believe that that was known." On Wednesday, several outlets reported Flynn's firm registered him as a foreign agent with the Department of Justice for work that "could be construed to have principally benefitted the Republic of Turkey." Though Flynn's firm's lobbying for Inovo BV was previously known and drew concerns since he was getting classified intelligence briefings with the Trump campaign, the most recent filing provides new insight into Flynn's contacts. In August 2016, Flynn Intel Group Inc. was retained by the Netherlands-based consulting firm Inovo BV for research into Fethullah Gülen and his associations with U.S. charter schools. It was paid $530,000 for its work.  According to the filings, which are available online through the Department of Justice, Inovo BV hired Flynn's firm to work on a project that "focused on improving U.S. business organizations' confidence regarding doing business in Turkey." The information would potentially be shared with third parties. Gülen's the former Turkish Muslim cleric who is living in Pennsylvania. The Turkish government blames him for last summer's failed coup and is seeking his extradition. Flynn, at the invitation of Inovo's founder, met with Turkish officials including the ministers of foreign affairs and energy in New York in September. The meeting, as described in the filings, was to provide a better understanding of Turkey's political climate "as background for the project." The filings state Flynn Intel Group's work with Inovo ended Nov. 15, 2016. It shut down later that month after President Trump tapped Flynn to be his national security adviser. The filings say to the best of the firm's knowledge, the information wasn't shared with third parties — like, say, the Turkish government. But to play it safe, it decided to file the necessary paperwork under the Foreign Agents Registration Act. Flynn Intel Group Inc. registered under the Lobbying Disclosure Act in September 2016 after it was retained. SEE MORE: Trump Says He Would Have Told Flynn To Discuss Sanctions Flynn wrote an op-ed published on Election Day that said the U.S. "should not provide [Gülen] safe haven." Inovo didn't direct Flynn to write the article, but it did get a copy ahead of its publication, according to the filings. The filings state Flynn only made "technical edits" to the article "based on feedback from Inovo." The firm doesn't believe Inovo shared information regarding the op-ed with the Turkish government. In a series of tweets Wednesday, Inovo's founder, Ekim Alptekin, called the foreign agent filing "flawed." He also said Flynn "never engaged in lobbying work for me or my firm. And I never lobbied or contracted lobbyist on behalf of the Turkish Government." The fillings come in the wake of numerous reports that Trump and members of his team — including Flynn — didn't disclose meetings with Russian officials during the campaign and the presidential transition.  Spicer said of Flynn on Thursday: "He wasn't being compensated as part of the transition as far as I am aware, and so he was a private citizen at the time. ... There's nothing nefarious about doing anything that's legal as long as the proper paperwork is filed." Trending stories at Newsy.com General Claims Responsibility For Raid That Killed Navy SEAL Minority Drivers Policed Most Heavily During Traffic Stops US Troops Join The Fight Against ISIS In Syria Print this article Back to Top A Share A A A Share Article Comments Follow Newsy Watch Newsy Everywhere Mobile AppsSee All Apps Streaming TV DevicesSee All Devices Most Recent Local NewsNational News WeatherSports Entertainment Lifestyle Marketplace Support 23ABC News Advertise with Us Staff Bios Contact Us Station Jobs TV Listings Hearing Impaired Resources Community Calendar IShotIt Let's Ask America The List RSS Feeds Mobile Apps 23ABC News iPhone Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Newsy iPhoneAndroid RokuAmazon Fire TV Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Don't Miss: Updated: Great R packages for data import, wrangling & visualization Sharky's true tales of Shark Tank Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: HPE vs. NetApp for enterprise flash storage Review: Microsoft Teams almost as bad as its beta Review: Slow Internet? Firebind can sniff out the problem Digital innovation takes flight at SFO More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless News 5G plans hit the accelerator The 3GPP has approved plans that could bring large-scale trials and deployments in 2019 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Stephen Lawson Senior U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 9, 2017 2:34 PM PT Credit: Martyn Williams More like this Enterprises enter the 5G spotlight at MWC Until 5G arrives, some mobile users may get almost-5G Verizon plans 5G trial service in 11 cities this year Video MWC 2017: Top phones get a new lease on life The international body crafting the 5G standard has approved an accelerated roadmap that could see large-scale trials and deployments in 2019 instead of 2020. At a meeting this week in Dubrovnik, Croatia, the 3GPP signed off on a 5G work plan that several top mobile operators and network vendors came out in favor of last week. It would create an interim 5G specification before the full-scale standard is completed. It’s important to get the next generation of mobile out into the world soon because users keep increasing their data consumption, said Lorenzo Casaccia, vice president of technical standards at Qualcomm, in a blog post on Thursday. That’s why his company is backing the in-between spec, which is now expected to be done by the end of this year and available in software about three months later. Qualcomm and most other big players endorsed this plan just before last week’s Mobile World Congress, with a few holding back. Nokia and Verizon, the two biggest names that weren’t on board then, are now there. More than 40 companies, including Intel, Ericsson, Huawei and Samsung, back the new plan. The interim standard, called Non-Standalone 5G NR (New Radio), will let developers create 5G gear and software that still relies on 4G radio and core networks for coverage and mobility management. The final standard, Standalone 5G NR, will have a 5G core network. It’s expected to be done in the middle of 2018 and available in software later that year. Non-Standalone 5G NR will be designed for forward compatibility so carriers don't have to swap out equipment when they move to full-scale 5G, Casaccia said. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] The 3GPP has a lot more decisions to make before these specifications are done, and a lot more pieces need to come together before consumers reap the benefits. Unlike 4G, the next standard will have to address things like low latency for VR and autonomous vehicles, plus how to connect millions of IoT devices that don’t have enough energy for conventional cellular radios. There are dozens of technology trials already in progress, and there will be more. A key milestone will be South Korean carrier KT's live trial at the Winter Olympics next year in PyeongChang. Because 5G will use many frequency bands that are new to cellular, including a shared 3.5GHz block in the U.S. and millimeter-wave bands like 28GHz and 39GHz in many countries, national regulators need to make that spectrum available. On the device side, Qualcomm and Intel both have announced so-called 5G modems, including ones that can work with both millimeter-wave frequencies and lower bands. Carriers and vendors have their own reasons to speed up 5G. With LTE networks largely built out, the cellular equipment business is in an historic slump, according to Dell’Oro Group. The period between now and 2021 will be the worst five years in the RAN (radio access network) market since Dell’Oro started tracking it in 2000, the company said last month. The research company doesn’t expect a rebound until 5G deployment starts in earnest. For carriers, 5G is a chance to expand their business in new areas like IoT. They look forward to moving beyond just selling monthly smartphone plans. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Mobile & Wireless Networking Stephen Lawson is a senior U.S. correspondent for the IDG News Service based in San Francisco. Follow Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 2017 State Of The Cloud: Cloud Is Now The Engine Powering Enterprise Digital Transformation White Paper A Guide to Evaluating EDR Products: 15 Critical Questions Video/Webcast Sponsored Delivering On the Promise of Omnichannel Digital Performance Video/Webcast Sponsored Delivering On the Promise of Omnichannel Digital Performance Video/Webcast Sponsored Digital Media: Protecting your OTT Content Distribution Go Top Stories Cobol plays major role in U.S. government breaches New research is turning on its head the idea that legacy systems -- such as Cobol and Fortran -- are... Face-off: HPE vs. NetApp for enterprise flash storage Considering enterprise flash array storage? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of... How IT leaders create a culture of transformation Computerworld's Premier 100 tech leaders share pointers on how to sell digital transformation within IT... Robotics industry learns from successes and failures at Fukushima Six years after the Fukushima nuclear power plant disaster, robots continue to play a key role in the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  News Asus reveals Z270-based ROG Maximus IX Extreme motherboard by David Hollingworth  |  Friday 10 March 2017  | Comment Now Complete with integrated water-cooling monoblock. While everyone's going to crazy over AMD's new Ryzen CPU, Asus is still giving some love to the Intel side of things. Its new Maximus IX Extreme motherboard is based on the Z270 chipset, and has a raft of top-end features. It also costs almost as much as a low-end PC - $999.  The biggest draw of this new board is baked in water-cooling support. The Maximus IX Extreme features in integrated monoblock for watercooling, that can cool both the processor and the board's VRM, and even makes contact with an integrated M.2 heatsink. Embedded flow meters can track pump status in real-time, while temperature sensors can keep track of both water going into the block and out. And a built-in leak detector can alert you to looming disaster, and even shut down your PC automatically. The  Maximus IX Extreme also promises solid audio, thanks to an ESS Sabre Hi-Fi ES9023P digital-to-analog DAC, SupremeFX S1220 codec, and a Texas Instruments RC 4580 op-amp. The board boasts a 113dB signal-to-noise ratio on line-in, and 120dB on line-out.  On top of solid cooling and audio  tech, the Maximus IX Extreme also has I/O shield for electrostatic protection, SafeSlot for superior PCIe protection for heavy expansion cards, while safeDIMM offers similar protection for the RAM slots. Here's the full spec-sheet: ASUS ROG Maximus IX Extreme Processor/CPU socket LGA1151 socket for 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7 / i5 / i3 / Pentium® / Celeron® processors Chipset Intel® Z270 Express Memory 4 x DIMMs, up to a maximum of 64GB, DDR4 4133 (OC) Intel® Extreme Memory Profile (XMP) supported Expansion slots 2 x PCIe® 3.0 x16 slots (x16, x8/x8) 1 x PCIe® 3.0 x16 slot (maximum at x4 mode) 1 x PCIe® 3.0 x4 slot Graphics (VGA) Integrated Intel® HD Graphics processor DisplayPort 1.2 with maximum resolution of 4096 x 2304 at 60Hz HDMI 1.4b with maximum resolution of 4096 x 2160 at 24Hz / Intel® InTru™ 3D / Quick Sync Video / Clear Video HD Technology / Insider™ Multi-GPU 2-way/quad-GPU NVIDIA® SLI™ and 3-way/quad-GPU AMD® CrossFireX™ technology Storage 8  x SATA 6.0Gbps 1 x M.2 Socket 3 with M Key, type 2242/2260/2280 storage devices supported (PCIe® 3.0 x4 and SATA modes) 1 x M.2 Socket 3 with M Key, type 2242/2260/2280/22110 storage devices supported (PCIe 3.0 x4 and SATA modes) Networking/LAN Intel® I219-V Gigabit LAN with ASUS LANGuard and GameFirst IV USB/Thunderbolt™ 3 x USB 3.1 ports (1 x Type-A and 1 x Type-C ports, plus 1 x Type-C mid-board) 8 x USB 3.0 ports (6 on back panel, 2 mid-board) 4 x USB 2.0 ports (4 mid-board) Audio ROG SupremeFX S1220 8-channel high-definition audio - High-quality 120dB SNR output and 113dB SNR recording input - SupremeFX shielding technology - ESS® ES9023P high-definition  DAC - Jack-detection, multi-streaming, front-panel mic jack-retasking - Optical S/PDIF-out port on back panel - Pre-calibrated headphone profile Dimensions / form factor E-ATX, 12 x 10.7in (30.5 x 27.2cm) The ROG Maximus IX Extreme is available this month, and will retail for $999. Related Articles Asus ROG Rampage V Edition 10 How to: Build a silent PC Asus announces new Z170 Pro Gaming/Aura motherboard Asus reveals new VivoMini VC66R and VC66 mini PCs Team Group works with Asus for T-Force Dark ROG RAM modules See more about:  asus  |  motherboard  |  rog maximus ix extreme  |  z270   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Friday Linky Links: The Return!     Wii hardly knew U     15 weird wars we want to see represented in game form     The phone bed is the most ludicrous product you'll see today     SpaceX promises internet for all, with a little help from 4,425 satellites   More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: FSP Twins 500W power supply << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Ryzen 5 quad- and hex-core CPUs announced << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Yahoo CEO may depart with $23M << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus ROG Strix Radeon RX480 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS PAX Australia registration open now! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Skimmer adware spent two months in Google Play << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Thermaltake announces Core P7 Tempered Glass Edition open PC chassis << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) FEATURE Friday Linky Links: Superheroic edition << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus reveals Z270-based ROG Maximus IX Extreme motherboard << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti - single card 4k gaming! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Ryzen 5 quad- and hex-core CPUs announced Review Review: FSP Twins 500W power supply Feature Friday Linky Links: Superheroic edition Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Intel Extreme Masters' Expo show floor From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Best Linux distros How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Cisco Live 2017 puts vendors, disties and channel partners together in the World of Solutions FITT celebrates women in IT and telecommunications at luncheon Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Cisco welcomes channel partners to Cisco Live 2017 Staples sells Australian business to private investment firm Platinum Equity The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 iPhone owners warned to back up data before iOS 10.3 CIO out of Brisbane council in wake of TechOne saga Optus’ first blackspot base station connects all ten residents of William Creek AFP hints at 'developments' in Census investigation 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege I want to love you, Ghost Recon: Wildlands – but holy balls you are a hot mess 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Review: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti - single card 4k gaming! About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune A snow maker at Hyland Hills Ski Area in Bloomington checks the snow at the top of a ski run. Photo: Glen Stubbe/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Largest ICE sweep since election nets 26 arrests in Minnesota Minn. officials see big impact from Trump's budget cuts Target applies for liquor license for downtown Nicollet Mall store Black family's new Delano home scarred by racist graffiti Former Mpls. cop charged with felony assault appears in court 30 years later, murder charges filed in slaying of St. Paul woman, 81 Gophers lose to Middle Tennessee in NCAA tournament first round Minn. writer Louise Erdrich wins critics award for fiction Rick Spielman confirms that Adrian Peterson won't return to Vikings The final countdown is on: Downtown Macy's closes Sunday The first silver carp, the 'flying' invasive fish, is captured in St. Croix next 415828224 First 100 days March 9, 2017 — 8:37pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint First 100 days President Donald Trump was not aware that his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had worked to further the interests of the government of Turkey before appointing him, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said. Spicer’s comments came two days after Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group Inc., filed paperwork with the Justice Department formally identifying him as a foreign agent and acknowledging that his work for a company owned by a Turkish businessman could have aided Turkey’s government. Alexander Acosta, the law school dean Trump tapped to run the Labor Department, would face an uncomplicated process for separating himself from his investments and his current job if confirmed for the position, according to ethics documents and financial disclosures made public by the Office of Government Ethics. With less than $1 million in stock funds in brokerage and retirement accounts, Acosta, 48, laid out a simple financial situation that puts him in stark contrast to some of the multimillionaires Trump has named to his Cabinet. The documents were released ahead of his confirmation hearing on March 15. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he is in favor of bringing new enemy combatants to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, reversing eight years of Obama administration policy aimed at shrinking the population at the military detention facility in the hopes of eventually closing it. Sessions also said he supports trying detainees there instead of in the federal courts. Steven Mnuchin said in a letter to Congress that the Trump administration will begin taking steps next week to keep the government from an unprecedented default on the national debt. The treasury secretary told lawmakers that he will employ measures to avoid breaching the borrowing limit once the current suspension of the limit expires on March 16. Once that happens, treasury will use a variety of bookkeeping maneuvers to continue to finance government operations, including making interest payments on the national debt. John Kerry, the former secretary of state, has a book deal. Kerry has signed with Simon & Schuster, the publisher said. The book, a memoir covering his life from childhood through his recent time as secretary of state, does not yet have a title or release date. News services View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Black family's new Delano home scarred by racist graffiti Trump's budget boosts military but cuts GOP, Dem favorites Gophers lose to Middle Tennessee in NCAA tournament first round Rick Spielman confirms that Adrian Peterson won't return to Vikings Mayo to give nod to privately insured over Medicaid patients TV listings In defense of the Congressional Budget Office The Latest: Pence says Flynn story affirms Trump decision The Latest: Zinke sworn in as interior secretary As tipping falls out of favor, search is on for alternative House GOP shouldn't derail state efforts to help workers prep for retirement More From Star Tribune March 17 Twin Cities area book events March 19-26 LISA HARRIS: "Unveiled Beauty." 3 p.m. today. John Fluevog Shoes, 2900 Hennepin Av. S., Mpls. JOHN EVANS: "Should I Still Wish." 5 p.m.… 6 minutes ago Here are simple ways to keep your e-mail accounts safe from hackers Details from the Department of Justice indictment of Russian hackers on Wednesday show that many people are still not taking routine precautions to safeguard their… 46 minutes ago Nation/World briefs Somalia Pirates release tanker and crew Somali pirates who seized a Comoros-flagged oil tanker earlier this week after five years without a major hijacking in… 54 minutes ago Mnuchin heads to G-20 to focus on trade, currency Finance chiefs downplay tensions before meetings. 6:52pm Economy is chugging but still isn't rolling along The Fed's Yellen now faces predicament similar to one that dogged Greenspan. Top Stories Largest ICE sweep since election nets 26 arrests in Minnesota 2 minutes ago Minn. officials see big impact from Trump's budget cuts 15 minutes ago Target applies for liquor license for downtown Nicollet Mall store 5:50pm Most Read Secretary of state suggest new tack on North Korea LaDue020517 Mnuchin heads to G-20 to focus on trade, currency Fatal police encounters Mischievous gusts will give way to warmer days World Canada introduces rules for recreational drone users Tillerson says NKorea 'need not fear' United States Nation US taxpayers might be on the hook for pipeline protest costs Report: Fernandez was likely operating boat in deadly crash Politics Trump's budget boosts military but cuts GOP, Dem favorites Will Dayton negotiate with Republicans on implementing buffer strips? 'No.' markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild In a flash, Wild's Staal to play in 1,000th NHL game Sunday Wild falling into trend of allowing too many goals Wolves Wolves forward Nemanja Bjelica out for the season Rubio wants Wolves to win, not showy stats for himself Gophers Gophers lose to Middle Tennessee in NCAA tournament first round Scoggins: Mason, Gophers struggle on big stage Celebrities Prince's ex-wife opens up about 1996 death of couple's baby Emma Watson seeks legal action after private photo hack Vikings Rick Spielman confirms that Adrian Peterson won't return to Vikings Source: Adam Thielen agrees to a three-year extension with Vikings poll Poll: How much are you following Minnesota United in MLS? 10,000 Takes Born-and-raised Irishman learns to love St. Patrick's Day in St. Paul Minnesotans are loving this mild winter, but I want more cold and snow Featured Gallery Take a tour of the new Palace Theatre in St. Paul 14 photos The refurbished moviehouse turned music venue, which opens March 10, is being ... Featured Video Art Shanty project is an inspiring way to enjoy winter 01:17 Minnesota people talk about their Art Shanty' experiences on the open weekend ... Taste Move over, Manhattans – retro drinks are hitting Twin Cities bars Soup time with Creamy Chicken Cheddar Tortilla StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO 5G plans just hit the accelerator 5G plans just hit the accelerator The 3GPP has approved plans that could bring large-scale trials and deployments in 2019 Stephen Lawson (IDG News Service) 10 March, 2017 12:34 - - - - print email Comments IDG The international body crafting the 5G standard has approved an accelerated roadmap that could see large-scale trials and deployments in 2019 instead of 2020. At a meeting this week in Dubrovnik, Croatia, the 3GPP signed off on a 5G work plan that several top mobile operators and network vendors came out in favor of last week. It would create an interim 5G specification before the full-scale standard is completed. It’s important to get the next generation of mobile out into the world soon because users keep increasing their data consumption, said Lorenzo Casaccia, vice president of technical standards at Qualcomm, in a blog post on Thursday. That’s why his company is backing the in-between spec, which is now expected to be done by the end of this year and available in software about three months later. Qualcomm and most other big players endorsed this plan just before last week’s Mobile World Congress, with a few holding back. Nokia and Verizon, the two biggest names that weren’t on board then, are now there. More than 40 companies, including Intel, Ericsson, Huawei and Samsung, back the new plan. The interim standard, called Non-Standalone 5G NR (New Radio), will let developers create 5G gear and software that still relies on 4G radio and core networks for coverage and mobility management. The final standard, Standalone 5G NR, will have a 5G core network. It’s expected to be done in the middle of 2018 and available in software later that year. Non-Standalone 5G NR will be designed for forward compatibility so carriers don't have to swap out equipment when they move to full-scale 5G, Casaccia said. The 3GPP has a lot more decisions to make before these specifications are done, and a lot more pieces need to come together before consumers reap the benefits. Unlike 4G, the next standard will have to address things like low latency for VR and autonomous vehicles, plus how to connect millions of IoT devices that don’t have enough energy for conventional cellular radios. There are dozens of technology trials already in progress, and there will be more. A key milestone will be South Korean carrier KT's live trial at the Winter Olympics next year in PyeongChang. Because 5G will use many frequency bands that are new to cellular, including a shared 3.5GHz block in the U.S. and millimeter-wave bands like 28GHz and 39GHz in many countries, national regulators need to make that spectrum available. On the device side, Qualcomm and Intel both have announced so-called 5G modems, including ones that can work with both millimeter-wave frequencies and lower bands. Carriers and vendors have their own reasons to speed up 5G. With LTE networks largely built out, the cellular equipment business is in an historic slump, according to Dell’Oro Group. The period between now and 2021 will be the worst five years in the RAN (radio access network) market since Dell’Oro started tracking it in 2000, the company said last month. The research company doesn’t expect a rebound until 5G deployment starts in earnest. For carriers, 5G is a chance to expand their business in new areas like IoT. They look forward to moving beyond just selling monthly smartphone plans. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags 5G More about DellHuaweiIntelNokiaQualcommSamsungVerizon Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Digitally remastering your business Read more Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Latest Jobs Mid-Level Java Developer NSW Developer - XML & Java VIC Business Analyst ACT .net Developer (Front and Back end) QLD IT Business Analyst (UX Design) NSW Project Manager - Security Domain VIC Solution Architect l MS Exchange, O365 NSW System Support Consultant NSW Seeking all Java Developers! SA Integrations Developer WA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Operator sought for major Queensland data centre project Robotics industry learns from successes and failures at Fukushima 10 Essential Security Measures To Keep Your Online Banking Safe In 2017 CSO Online 10 things you may not know about Google In pictures: CMO/CIO/ADMA Executive Connections breakfast in Sydney New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO Unpatched vulnerability puts Ubiquiti networking products at risk ​US Gov backs Google’s alarm: warns against HTTPS interception products Adobe Reader, Edge, Safari, and Ubuntu fall during first day at Pwn2Own Pwnie Express eases security remediation with a risk-assessment tool Expert: Apple may have deployed unauthorized patch by mistake Computerworld The Yahoo hack: Are the Russians now go-to bad guys, real spies, or just criminals? Cobol plays major role in U.S. government breaches Windows 10 'servicing stack' update cripples some PCs Microsoft quietly promotes Creators Update in Patch Tuesday update Get ready for the Windows 10 Creators Update ARN SMS names new South Australia state director ​Carrington Associates - Creating a cognitive conscience Why did Google acquire Australian-born Kaggle? ​Why Larry Ellison’s continued criticism of AWS is tech’s biggest case of fake news Macquarie Telecom scores Dell EMC public cloud hosting deal Techworld Cornell has a radio for the whole world with software filtering Oracle promises IaaS growth as cloud business rises Cobol plays major role in U.S. government breaches Unpatched vulnerability puts Ubiquiti networking products at risk Windows 10 'servicing stack' update cripples some PCs CMO Expert panel: Australia must innovate or bust CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 March 2017 Myer CEO: Omni-channel and close customer connection keys to competing with Amazon South by Southwest Day 4: Why conversation is going to rule CX ​Are the Wild West days of influencer collaboration over? Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live Look of the Capital Building Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Kittens play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Friends of Forsythe osprey cam in Oceanville, NJ Barrier reef cam from the Georgia Aquarium Ocean voyager cam at the Georgia Aquarium Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch VP Pence: Turkey lobbying 'an affirmation' of decision to fire Flynn By Katherine Faulders Close Follow on Twitter More from Katherine Jordyn Phelps Close Follow on Twitter More from Jordyn Mar 9, 2017, 8:14 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayJoshua Roberts/Reuters WATCH Highs and lows for Trump administration this week 0 Shares Email Vice President Mike Pence called revelations that former national security adviser Michael Flynn's lobbying efforts may have benefited Turkey an "affirmation" that President Trump was right in firing him. "It is an affirmation of the president's decision to ask Gen. Flynn to resign," Pence said in response to Fox News' Bret Baier asking if he was disappointed by the news. Flynn's lobbying firm, Flynn Intel Group, did lobbying work in the months leading up to his White House appointment that may have benefited the Turkish government, according to a filing made on Tuesday. The vice president's comments came just hours after White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer claimed during Thursday's press briefing that Trump was unaware of Flynn's ties to Turkey. White House: Trump unaware of Flynn's foreign agent work Michael Flynn, Trump's national security adviser, resigns amid controversy over Russia call "I don't believe that that was known. I would refer you to General Flynn and to the Department of Justice in terms of the filings that have been made," said Spicer. Asked if Trump would have appointed Flynn as his adviser had he known the nature of his lobbying work, Spicer said "I don't know." "That's a hypothetical that I'm not prepared to ask," said Spicer. "I don't know what he discussed prior to be appointed in terms of his background, his resume, his client base. I don't know any of that. I know that, from what I have read, he has filed the appropriate forms with the Department of Justice." The paperwork filed on behalf of Flynn and his firm indicated a payment of $530,000 for lobbying work he did in 2016 for a Dutch company that "could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey." Flynn penned an editorial that appeared in The Hill on November 8 last year -- Election Day -- calling Turkey a "vital" ally and criticizing the media for one-sided reporting on the country's "crackdown on dissidents." Flynn Intel Group shut down its operations in November 2016, according to the filing. Flynn's work was previously disclosed in a Lobbying Disclosure Act registration with Congress, but Tuesday's filing under the Foreign Agents Registration Act to the Justice Department was the first admission that his actions also affected the Republic of Turkey. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Pence: Turkey lobbying 'an affirmation' of decision to fire Flynn " Republicans dismiss Trump's first budget blueprint " Families face reality of possible budget cuts killing programs they use " Ex-Trump adviser Flynn paid $56,200 by Russian firms in 2015, documents show " Spicer continues to defend Trump's wiretapping claims " GOP health care bill narrowly clears a committee despite conservative opposition " A timeline of Trump's immigration executive order " Senate Intelligence Committee finds 'no indications' of wiretapping, wider surveillance at Trump Tower " McDonald's 'compromised' Twitter account called Trump a 'disgusting excuse of a president' " What's next for Trump's revised travel ban " Read the full White House budget blueprint " Trump wants to slash State Department budget by 28 percent " The Note: Trump's travel ban 0 for 2 " Detroit suspect attacked officers 'unprovoked' with apparent intention to kill: Police " Tree stump turned into 'The Giving Tree' tribute " How meditation helps military cadets be more effective warriors " Can children sleep through a smoke detector alarm? " Yoga pants, cozy clothes may be key source of sea pollution " Guinness, Airbnb offer Dublin brewery bar for 1 night only " Alaska residents warned to give grumpy moose their space " Professor describes comedy of kids crashing BBC interview " Centenarian who danced with Obama celebrates 108th birthday with Harlem Globetrotters, schoolchildren " Superintendent announces school snow day in music video " Celebrate Pi Day with these deals

null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks NintendoSwitch ChromeSpeed MicrosoftTeams RussianHackers Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Desktops/ Raspberry Pi Zero W Raspberry Pi Zero W editor rating: excellent Comments March 09, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 12 Photos in Gallery MSRP $10.00 Pros Costs less than a movie ticket. Integrated Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. Cons Most connections require adapters, which come separately. Only one micro USB port. Significantly slower than full-sized options. Bottom Line Add some accessories, and the Raspberry Pi Zero W is a full PC for pocket change, but its potential for DIY electronic projects is its real draw. By Joel Santo Domingo Linux-based kit PCs like the original $35 Raspberry Pi have been popular with the maker community for years. In its latest iteration, the Raspberry Pi Zero W, the PCB (printed circuit board) is shrunken down to the size of a stick of gum, and the price starts at just $10 ($35 as tested). This tiny PC supports a graphics-based OS, and integrates Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, so it's nominally a cheap desktop, but what makes it really exciting is that it can be used as the base for a variety of build projects, from crop monitoring, to vintage arcade gaming, to creating your own science fiction movie props with blinking lights. It's definitely worth the pocket change you'll pay. //Compare Similar Products Compare Raspberry Pi   %displayPrice%%seller% Raspberry Pi 2 Model B   %displayPrice%%seller% Asus Chromebit   %displayPrice%%seller% Raspberry Pi 3 Model B   %displayPrice%%seller% Intel Compute Stick (Core m3)   %displayPrice%%seller% The Raspberry Pi community has grown by leaps and bounds. At the time of this writing, a Google search for "Raspberry Pi projects" returns more than 4.6 million results. Be warned, though, that this is a true DIY PC; you'll have to set everything up and possibly even build enclosures yourself with a 3D printer. If you want to take the easy route to a cheap, tiny PC, pick up an Asus Chromebit or an Intel Compute Stick instead. But it won't be as much fun, and it'll cost you more than the price of a movie ticket. Get Ready to Buy, Then Build The $10 entry point includes just the Raspberry Pi Zero W PCB. You'll need additional accessories (and there are many), which you'll either have to purchase separately, or source from kit resellers like adafruit.com or canakit.com. For example, the $35 starter kit we received from the Raspberry Pi Foundation to test includes a micro USB power supply, a USB OTG (on the go) micro-USB-to-USB-A adapter, a 8GB SD card, and a mini HDMI adapter. View All 12 Photos in Gallery The board measures 0.2 by 2.56 by 1.18 inches, smaller and lighter than the Chromebit and Compute Stick mentioned above. There are several connectors on the PCB, including a mini HDMI jack, a micro USB port for I/O devices like mice and keyboards, a micro USB port solely for power, a connector for a compatible camera cable (a camera kit with a Zero W PCB, cable, case, and camera itself are sold together for $45), and a micro SD slot. That's a far cry from the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B and the Raspberry Pi 2 Model B, both of which have four USB 2.0 ports, as well as full-sized HDMI and Ethernet jacks, and therefore don't require a handful of adapters. The PCB has holes for the GPIO (general purpose input/output) connector found on older models of the Raspberry Pi, but you'll have to source one and solder it to the PCB if you need connectivity with accessories like LED light bars and sensor modules. An alternate case and top panel that lets you use the GPIO port is available for $6. The do-it-yourself aesthetic is one of the prime draws of the Raspberry Pi brand, since it's up to you to decide when the project is done, and how far to take it. Just to the point of working, or complete it and make it look like a souped up mini PC. The official Raspberry Pi Zero W case you see in our photos is good looking and will keep dust and prying fingers away from the sensitive PCB, but if you're building a classic games emulator, why not 3D print an NES-style case? Other neat builds we've seen are a miniature arcade cabinet and plans for a light saber. A Simple Build It's easy to build a basic desktop PC with all the pieces included the starter kit. We started by slipping the included micro SD card into its slot on the Zero W's PCB. The board then clips neatly into the provided case without tools, while still providing easy access to the card's ports. Then plug the mini HDMI adapter into its jack, and connect it via a cable to any HDMI-equipped display. We used a $30 Kensington PocketHub 4-port USB Hub to connect a keyboard and mouse to the single micro USB port with the USB OTG adapter. The hub's two spare ports could then be used for an Ethernet adapter, a printer, or other accessories. You could theoretically use a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse with the Zero W, but you'll need to hook up a wired USB mouse for the initial pairing process. Last, but most importantly, we connected a 1A USB power supply to the Zero W's power connector. It booted up in a few minutes. We connected it to our Lab's Fios Wi-Fi network, and we were online in seconds. A New Linux Flavor The $35 starter kit we tested includes a preloaded 8GB micro SD card with Raspbian Jessie, a version of Linux based on Debian. Jessie replaces Wheezy, the OS found on previous models like the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B. Jessie boots into a familiar-looking GUI, so you can easily navigate with a keyboard and mouse in preloaded programs like the LibreOffice suite (word processor, spreadsheet, presentation, etc.), the Claws Mail client, and a Pi-optimized version of Minecraft. You can also choose to use the command line interface, like previous versions of Linux, or download and install other disk images including Ubuntu Linux and a core (stripped-down) version of Windows 10 built for IoT (Internet of Things) devices. Not Built for Speed The Zero W packs a single-core ARM11 processor running at 1GHz, with 512MB of memory in a Broadcom BCM2835 system on a chip (SoC) package. This translates into performance that's close to the original Raspberry Pi. This was confirmed when we ran Sunspider 1.0.2, a JavaScript-based benchmark test, which measures performance at tasks like encryption, screen redrawing, and text editing. The Zero W managed a score of 20,064 milliseconds (ms). To put that in perspective, the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B with a 1.2GHz quad-core Cortex A53 processor took just 2,860ms on the same test, a 604 percent increase in time. The Zero W is fast enough for word processing and mild surfing using the preinstalled Epiphany web browser, but you'll have a better time on your phone if you need to quickly respond to posts on Facebook, Twitter, or surf the selection in Netflix. These simple tasks would each take 5-10 seconds on an Apple iPhone 6s Plus, but took more than a minute on the Zero W. Sometimes we waited up to 5 minutes to locate and start a 1080p HD video stream. A speed demon it's not, but we wouldn't expect quicksilver from a $35 desktop PC kit. The Zero W is a must-buy if you're already a Raspberry Pi enthusiast, and at $10 to start it's a no-brainer. But it's also an inexpensive foundation for your next set of home-built projects. Since it's Linux-based, there is a wide range of resources online to help you along, including step-by-step tutorials on how to turn it into a pocket-sized game emulator, a download manager, or the brains for a motorized skateboard. It's not the fastest piece of hardware, but it does perform as well you'd expect for the price. Because of the performance and connectivity gap, the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B is the better choice for the first timer, but if your builds are becoming smaller and more efficient, the Zero W is an intriguing piece of kit. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Previous : CyberPower Gamer Master Ultra iBuyPower Snowblind Pro Next : By Joel Santo Domingo Lead Analyst Twitter Email Joel Santo Domingo is the Lead Analyst for the Desktops team at PC Magazine Labs. He joined PC Magazine in 2000, after 7 years of IT work for companies large and small. His background includes managing mobile, desktop and network infrastructure on both the Macintosh and Windows platforms. Joel is proof that you can escape the retail grind: he wore a yellow polo shirt early in his tech career. Along the way Joel earned a BA in English Literature and an MBA in Information Technology... More » More Stories by Joel Dell XPS 15 Touch (2017) With its brilliant 4K screen and updated components, Dell's latest XPS 15 Touch (9560) is a powerful... More » LaCie Bolt3 The 2-terabyte LaCie Bolt3 is the fastest external SSD we've tested. Take a look if 4K video editing... More » Western Digital My Book With a full 8TB for less than $250, the 8TB version of the Western Digital My Book is a deep well of... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Easy Ways to Make Your Android Phone Less Annoying The Best Free Software of 2017 How to Delete Your Accounts From the Internet Microsoft Teams vs. Slack: What's the Difference? Burner Accounts 101: How to Get Extra Numbers for a Smartphone 14 Striking Photos of Snow Under an Electron Microscope »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Join Michael Savage on the Front Line of Trump’s War Home | Newsfront Tags: 2016 Elections | US | Trump | National Security Adviser White House: Trump Unaware of Flynn's Foreign Agent Work Thursday, 09 Mar 2017 06:40 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    President Donald Trump was not aware that his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had worked to further the interests of the government of Turkey before appointing him, the White House said Thursday. The comments came two days after Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group Inc., filed paperwork with the Justice Department formally identifying him as a foreign agent and acknowledging that his work for a company owned by a Turkish businessman could have aided Turkey's government. Vice President Mike Pence on Thursday called the action "an affirmation of the president's decision to ask General Flynn to resign." At the White House, asked whether Trump knew about Flynn's work before he appointed him as national security adviser, press secretary Sean Spicer said, "I don't believe that that was known." Pence said in an interview later with Fox News that he also did not know about Flynn's paid work. Flynn and his company filed the registration paperwork describing $530,000 worth of lobbying before Election Day on behalf of Inovo BV, a Dutch-based company owned by Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin. In an interview with The Associated Press, Alptekin said Flynn did so after pressure from Justice Department officials. The filing this week was the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency's first acknowledgement that his consulting business furthered the interests of a foreign government while he was working as a top adviser to Trump's presidential campaign. Flynn's disclosure that his lobbying — from August through November— may have benefited Turkey's authoritarian government led by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan came as Flynn has drawn scrutiny from the FBI for his contacts with Russian officials. Trump fired Flynn last month for misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other administration officials about his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., Sergey Kislyak. In paperwork filed with the Justice Department's Foreign Agent Registration Unit, Flynn and his firm acknowledged that his lobbying "could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey." The lobbying contract ended after Trump's election in November, according to the paperwork. A spokesman for Flynn, Price Floyd, said the general was not available for an interview Thursday. Floyd referred the AP to Flynn's filing in response to questions about why he and his firm had decided to register this week. Flynn's attorney, Robert Kelner, declined to comment through a spokesman for his law firm, Covington & Burling. The Turkish Embassy also didn't respond to questions from the AP. Spicer said he didn't know what Flynn had disclosed about his background and lobbying work during the White House's vetting of him for appointment as national security adviser. Spicer said Flynn was free to do the lobbying work because it occurred while he was a private citizen. "There's nothing nefarious about doing anything that's legal as long as the proper paperwork if filed," Spicer said. He declined to say whether Trump would have appointed Flynn if he had known about the lobbying. After Flynn joined the Trump administration, he agreed not to lobby for five years after leaving government service and never to represent foreign governments. Flynn's newly disclosed lobbying would not have violated that pledge because it occurred before he joined the Trump administration in January, but the pledge precludes Flynn from ever doing the same type of work again in his lifetime. Under the Foreign Agent Registration Act, U.S. citizens who lobby on behalf of foreign governments or political entities must disclose their work to the Justice Department. Willfully failing to register is a felony, though the Justice Department rarely files criminal charges in such cases. It routinely works with lobbying firms to get back in compliance with the law by registering and disclosing their work. More than a month before Flynn was appointed as national security adviser, news accounts and Democratic senators had raised questions about potential conflicts of interest regarding Flynn's work for the Turkish company. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., criticized Flynn's work and late disclosure again Thursday as troubling. "Gen. Flynn's behavior seems to be part of a larger pattern of poor judgment from members of this administration," she said. Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., said in a statement that Flynn should return any foreign money he received. "This astonishing admission is more appalling evidence of foreign entanglements and conflicts of interest involving the Trump team," he said. He said a special prosecutor should be appointed to look into ties between Trump officials and foreign governments. Alptekin told the AP that Justice Department officials had pushed for Flynn and his firm to register as foreign agents in recent weeks. He said the filing was a response to "political pressure" and he did not agree with Flynn's decision to file the registration documents with the Justice Department. He also said that he had asked for some of his money back because of his dissatisfaction with the company's performance. "I disagree with the filing," he said in a phone call from Istanbul. "It would be different if I was working for the government of Turkey, but I am not taking directions from anyone in the government." Flynn's consulting firm had previously disclosed to Congress that it worked for Inovo BV, a Dutch-based company owned by Alptekin. But neither Flynn nor his company had previously filed paperwork with the Justice Department, which requires more extensive disclosures about work that benefits foreign governments and political interests. Flynn Intel and S.G.R. LLC Government Relations and Lobbying pressured congressional aides to investigate a cleric who Erdogan had accused of directing a botched coup last summer. The two firms orchestrated meetings with U.S. officials— including congressional staffers and Arkansas Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin, a Republican — as well as journalists. They also worked on research, informational materials and a video on the cleric, Fethullah Gulen. Flynn met privately in September in New York with two senior Turkish government officials, including the government's ministers of foreign affairs and energy. Flynn's company did not name the officials, but the current Turkish energy minister is Berat Albayrak, who is Erdogan's son-in-law. Alptekin told the AP he set up the meeting at a New York hotel between Flynn and the two officials while the officials were attending U.N. sessions and a separate conference Alptekin had arranged. Alptekin is a member of a Turkish economic relations board run by an appointee of Erdogan, who has accelerated a crackdown against the nation's weakening secularist faction since the failed coup last summer. Erdogan has accused cleric Gulen of orchestrating the aborted coup and called for his extradition from the U.S., where he lives in a compound in Pennsylvania. According to the filing, Flynn Intel's work involved collecting information about Gulen and pressuring U.S. officials to take action against the cleric. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront President Donald Trump was not aware that his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had worked to further the interests of the government of Turkey before appointing him, the White House said Thursday.The comments came two days after Flynn and his firm, Flynn... US, Trump, National Security Adviser 1116 Thursday, 09 Mar 2017 06:40 PM 2017-40-09 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Like Mexico, El Salvador Gives Tips to Avoid US Deportation Thursday, 16 Mar 2017 20:14 PM El Salvador is following Mexico's lead, and giving illegal immigrants in the United States tips on how to avoid deportat . . . Rep. Hurd: Partisan 'Bickering' Jeopardizing Intel Agencies Thursday, 16 Mar 2017 20:10 PM Rep. Will Hurd said the "bickering and partisan fighting" surrounding Russia's involvement in the presidential election  . . . Debt Limit Goes Back Into Effect at Level Near $20 Trillion Thursday, 16 Mar 2017 18:31 PM The national debt limit came back into force Thursday at a level near $20 trillion, prompting the Trump administration t . . . More Most Commented Judge in Hawaii Puts Trump's Travel Ban on Hold Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 951 comments It is very disturbing to see judges make rulings based upon emotional... Pelosi: No Democratic Votes for GOP Healthcare Plan Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 726 comments GOP didn't vote on the last one and she still rammed it through. Maybe she... CBO: 14 Million Will Lose Coverage Under Obamacare Repeal, Premiums Will Surge Monday, 13 Mar 2017 | 579 comments Many of the 14 million didn't need or want Obamacare in the first place.... Rachel Maddow Says She'll Reveal Trump's Tax Returns Tonight Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 531 comments 11 years ago? Are you kidding me? Are these clowns desperate or what? The... Sessions Asks Remaining 46 US Attorneys Hired by Obama to Resign Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 559 comments Good move, Mister Attorney General. If you are to do your job properly,... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Lenovo moves regional hub to Thailand | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Telecom Lenovo moves regional hub to Thailand Rejig shifts duties from Singapore unit 10 Mar 2017 at 07:00 7,910 viewed2 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: SUCHIT LEESA-NGUANSUK A gaming PC notebook from Lenovo's new brand, Legion, made its debut yesterday at Siam Paragon, aimed at mass-market customers. - + Lenovo Inc, the world's largest computer maker, has embarked on a geographical restructuring effort as it strives to enhance operational efficiency amid a saturated PC market. The Chinese computer giant has promoted Thailand as its operations centre in Indochina, taking over the duties and responsibilities of the Singapore business unit, said Jeerawut Wongpimonporn, country manager of Lenovo Thailand. In October, Lenovo grouped its 10 business units in Asean with those in Hong Kong, Taiwan and South Korea, defining them a single region called central Asia-Pacific. "The restructure is aimed at increasing our operational and management efficiency in the region," said Mr Jeerawut, who also oversees Indochina business for Lenovo. LG is considering opening offices in Cambodia and Myanmar. "We expect revenue from Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam to account for at least 20% of total revenue for Lenovo Thailand in 2017," he said. Lenovo is widening the price range for its products to cover all market segments. Lenovo yesterday introduced Legion, a new brand for its gaming notebook products in Thailand. The Legion brand offers advanced features and more affordable prices to serve the mass market. Mr Jeerawut said by June Lenovo Data Centre Business Group plans to introduce a hyper-converged appliance that combines server and storage resources into a single device to accommodate increasing demand for enterprise-level solutions. To sustain revenue growth, he said Lenovo will focus on providing more advanced features to tap into high-end consumers. IT spending in Thailand is expected to increase by 3-5% this year. In another development, Intel Microelectronics Thailand has laid off half of its local staff in Thailand as part of a strategic effort to centralise its operations in Singapore, according to a source familiar with the company. The source also said Sontiya Nujeenseng, country manager of Intel Microelectronics Thailand, has been moved from Thailand to oversee channel management operations for the Asia-Pacific region. In addition, the data centre business group and the Internet of Things unit have been transferred to Singapore to operate instead. Intel has moved away from a decentralised management towards centralised operation to increase cost efficiency and in order to seek new revenue sources, the source said. RECOMMENDED STORIES Rally blocks deep-sea port public hearing Local stocks charmed by dovish Fed Tirathai aims for 30% rise in revenue Exports to grow 8% on value-added items More incentives for e-payment sign-up AUA shifts course to corporate employees Quicker trip to Mexico City Airbnb seeks to push joys of travel with Trips launch Mazda expects Honda rivalry Most Viewed 42,655 Qatar to fly to Chiang Mai 17,013 Central Group to build mall in ... 15,429 Citizenship for sale 14,638 E-payments to spread in 2017 14,015 Suvarnabhumi steps up baggage ... Recent BUSINESS Articles THAI delays affiliate strategy Lazada to provide online training to local SMEs TDRI urges wide swath of reforms Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 2 liked & 3 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 07:40 Duterte to pay official visit Monday 07:00 THAI delays affiliate strategy 06:14 Oak attacks tax grab bid 05:48 Military vows probe into Europe trip by cadets 04:27 Niece of dead soldier seeks justice over defamation suit 04:10 updateTycoon's daughter faces probe over Dhammakaya-linked scam 04:00 Local stocks charmed by dovish Fed 03:15 Thailand eyed in pet food labour reform 2 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
null
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Oil sinks, euro rises Friday, 10 March 2017, 12:08 pm Article: BusinessDesk Friday 10 March 2017 09:04 AM While you were sleeping: Oil sinks, euro rises By Margreet Dietz March 10 (BusinessDesk) - Oil dropped amid intensifying concern about record US stockpiles, while the euro strengthened as European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said risks to the region’s growth have become less pronounced. West Texas Intermediate for April delivery dropped as low as US$48.79 a barrel in New York. “People are nervous about the global supply-demand balance," Adam Sieminski, a scholar at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in Washington and former head of the Energy Information Administration, told Bloomberg. "Shale is coming back with $50 oil and there’s uncertainty about whether OPEC and its partners are going to roll-over the production agreement." Wall Street inched higher as investors eyed the latest US jobs data. A Labour Department report showed that initial claims for state unemployment benefits climbed 20,000 to a seasonally adjusted 243,000 for the week ended March 4. "There is no evidence of a pickup in involuntary employment separations,"John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York, told Reuters. “We view this as evidence of a tight labour market.” Indeed, the ADP National Employment report on Wednesday showed US private payrolls posted the largest jump in nearly three years, well above economists’ expectations. The government’s nonfarm payrolls report, due on Friday, is expected to show that employers added about 200,000 jobs in February, according to a Bloomberg poll, while a Reuters survey predicts a gain of 190,000 jobs. Fed Chair Janet Yellen last week signalled the central bank will raise interest rates next week. The Federal Open Market Committee begins its two-day meeting on March 14. In 1pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average eked out a 0.03 percent gain, while the Nasdaq Composite Index added 0.13 percent. In 12.45pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index rose 0.09 percent. “The market is setting up for the two-part symphony we are going to see over the next four trading days, the first is tomorrow's jobs number and then the Fed meeting, which is the real big event,” Joe Brusuelas, chief economist at RSM US in New York, told Reuters. In the Dow, gains in shares of Johnson & Johnson and those of Intel, up 1.3 percent and 0.9 percent respectively, offset declines in shares of Caterpillar and those of IBM, down 1.8 percent and 1.4 percent respectively. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a gain of less than of 0.1 percent from the previous close amid a more optimistic tone from the ECB’s Draghi. “The risks surrounding the euro area growth outlook have become less pronounced, but remain tilted to the downside and relate predominantly to global factors,” Draghi said at the end of a policy meeting at which the central bank kept its asset purchase program and interest rate unchanged. Germany’s DAX Index added 0.1 percent, while France’s CAC 40 Index rose 0.4 percent. Quantitative easing “is here to stay in the euro zone, until at least the end of this year. However, more policy action is less likely because deflation risks have receded,” Kathleen Brooks, research director at City Index, wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. “Reading between the lines suggests that the next change from the ECB will be towards removing accommodation and not adding it.” The UK’s FTSE 100 Index fell 0.3 percent. Shares of France’s Carrefour slid 4 percent after the world’s second-largest retailer posted results that disappointed investors “in a difficult competitive environment” in its home market. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   South America Trade: New Zealand-Argentina Agricultural Agreement Signed Primary Industries Minister Nathan Guy has signed an Agricultural Cooperation Arrangement with Argentina today, aimed at building closer relationships between the two countries. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - New Zealand Builds Air Links With Colombia Professor Jane Kelsey - Civil Society Groups Tell Ministers: Do Not Resuscitate TPP AFTINET - Don’t revive the dead TPP at Chile trade meeting UNHCR - UN expert commends Argentina’s “progressive laws" Statistics: Economic Growth Eases In December Quarter GDP rose 0.4 percent in the December 2016 quarter, following an increase of 0.8 percent (revised) in the September 2016 quarter. “Growth in service industries was partly offset by weaker activity in primary industries also flowing through into manufacturing.” More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Construction and services drive growth Labour - Halving of economic growth a worry Greens - Time to change GDP as a measure of progress Image Out-Link - Gross Domestic Product: December 2016 quarter Trapping: Predator Free 2050 Holiday Parks Partnership Conservation Minister Maggie Barry has welcomed a new predator-free initiative signed today which includes trapping in and around hundreds of holiday parks. More>> ALSO: Holiday Parks NZ - Holiday park sector joins predator free effort Wellington City Council - Have your say on keeping pests at bay - Wellington acquires Forest of Tane Predator Free Wellington - Monitoring Miramar’s rats and stoats Sure As Eggs: Commerce Commission Should Look Into 'Free Range' Egg Labelling Green Party MP Mojo Mathers has written to the Commerce Commission asking it to inquire into the alleged mislabelling of eggs laid in cages as “free-range”, the Green Party said today. More>> ALSO: Out-Link - Truth could come down to the price of eggs EQC: Claim Information Following North Island Floods The Earthquake Commission is advising homeowners whose properties suffered damage from landslips or flooding, during the recent storms, that they have three months to lodge a claim. More>> ALSO: Liana Pantaleo - PM Press Conference 20/02/17: Anti-money laundering Greens - Extreme flooding shows need for climate investment NIWA - The Tasman Tempest takes its toll – time to tally up Auckland Council - West Auckland flooding update 12 March 9:45pm Watercare - Water saving target achieved two days running - Watercare crews kept busy with high volume of overflows - Fantastic job Auckland! Thames Coromandel District Council - The clean-up begins for the Coromandel MetService - Settled weather to bring relief to the North Island AA Insurance - Insurance claims spike as a result of Auckland flooding Earlier: - Heavy rain, flooding in upper North Image - Greg Presland on Twitter Finance: New Anti-Money Laundering Laws Introduced The Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Financing of Terrorism Amendment Bill will bolster New Zealand’s existing anti-money laundering laws, which help protect businesses and make it harder for criminals to profit from and fund illegal activities. More>> ALSO: Liana Pantaleo - PM Press Conference 20/02/17: Anti-money laundering Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH LGFA contemplating new April 2033 bond 1:50 PM | BusinessDesk Fletcher Building in trading halt 1:29 PM | BusinessDesk NZ wool market improves at double auction 1:27 PM | BusinessDesk New Zealand announces new executive appointment 1:24 PM | Tourism Malaysia Landlord unlawfully rented converted garage 1:14 PM | Ministry of Business Innovation and E... Mondelez confirms Dunedin exit 1:08 PM | BusinessDesk Thankyou Payroll expanding through equity crowdfunding 12:44 PM | PledgeMe More   RSS next-generation sanitisers to control bovine mastitis 10:35 AM | University of Otago Successful Penguin Hospital 8:34 AM | Otago Polytechnic Otago’s flagship research centres confirmed 15/03/17 | University of Otago Most kids have no screen-time limits 15/03/17 | CensusAtSchool Half of NZ high school students unsupervised online 15/03/17 | Netsafe Massey team to investigate death of killer whale in Auckland 14/03/17 | Massey University The Tasman Tempest takes its toll – time to tally up 13/03/17 | NIWA More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Net neutrality in New Zealand 2:04 AM | Bill Bennett Commerce Commission pushes for congestion-free cop... 15 Mar | Bill Bennett Call for truth in broadband advertising 15 Mar | Bill Bennett Kacific satellite goes where other broadband can’t 13 Mar | Bill Bennett Samsung woes see Apple regain NZ phone crown 13 Mar | Bill Bennett Fixed wireless laggard in independent broadband te... 12 Mar | Bill Bennett Review: Huawei Mate 9 Pro is best Android, for now 4:34 AM | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Mondelez confirms Dunedin exit 11:08 AM | admin NZ’s childhood favourite now available in all orga... 10:38 AM | admin Mayor laments confirmation of Cadbury closure 10:35 AM | admin BP plans to halve NZ Refining stake, selling $86 m... 10:31 AM | admin Higgins employee’s 25-year skill base formally rec... 10:19 AM | admin Beachside apartment development 40 percent sold 9:33 AM | admin IPONZ world number one for online capabilities 9:25 AM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Cavium Inc.'s Thunder X2 Aims for Microsoft Corporation's Cloud This data center chipmaker wants its chips to power Microsoft's Azure cloud. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Mar 9, 2017 at 5:15PM Data center chipmaker Cavium (NASDAQ:CAVM) announced on March 8 that it is "collaborating with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) on evaluating and enabling a variety of cloud workloads running on [its] flagship Thunder X2 ARMv8-A Data Center processor for the Microsoft Azure cloud platform." The announcement goes on to say that Cavium and Microsoft are "demonstrating web services on a version of Windows Server developed for Microsoft's internal use running cloud services workloads on Thunder X2." Image source: Intel. This announcement is similar to one that fellow ARM-based server processor maker Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) made at the same time. Let's take a closer look at what this announcement means for Cavium in the near term and potentially over the long term. Near term? Probably not much The wording of Cavium's press release appears carefully constructed to avoid giving the impression that Microsoft is planning to buy and deploy a bunch of Cavium's Thunder X2 chips in its data centers anytime soon. Indeed, the phrases "evaluating and enabling" as well as the word "demonstrating" seem aways away from "planning to deploy in significant quantities." So, in the near term, I don't expect the joint work that Microsoft and Cavium are doing to lead to significant revenue for Cavium anytime soon. The work that these two companies are doing is much more likely to lay the groundwork for Microsoft to be able to deploy potential successors to the Thunder X2 -- should those products meet Microsoft's needs for certain workloads. Taking a longer-term view At this point, it's starting to look as though Cavium and Qualcomm are the only two merchant ARM-based server processor vendors left in in the game (there are companies building chips for their own internal use like Huawei, for example). Cavium's edge appears to be its heritage is as a data center/networking processor vendor (Qualcomm hails from a mobile processor background), but Qualcomm has significantly greater financial resources to try to slug it out with market incumbent Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). It's likely not going to be easy for either company to wrest away significant market share from Intel to begin with (which invests more in data center-specific technologies and marketing than either Qualcomm or Cavium -- probably more than both combined), and that difficulty is compounded by the fact that Cavium and Qualcomm must compete against each other, too. Success for ARM server chip vendors like Qualcomm and Cavium is, in general, not something that's guaranteed to come at all, and if it does come, it'll be hard won over multiple years after substantial investments in research and development, software/ecosystem enablement, and marketing efforts. It's worth noting that on Cavium's most recent earnings call, CEO Syed Ali said that the company "expect[s] to release [its] next generation products" in 2017. Given that the company had previously said that it would begin sampling Thunder X2 in the beginning of 2017, I'd expect shipments for revenue to occur late in the year. What investors need to keep an eye on, then, is what kind of revenue ramp Cavium ultimately begins to experience with Thunder X2 and the impact it starts having on the company's financials, independent of this announcement from Microsoft. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Mar 9, 2017 at 5:15PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.35 down $0.17 (-0.29%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $64.64 down $0.11 (-0.17%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.14 up $0.04 (0.11%) Cavium Networks NASDAQ:CAVM $72.16 down $0.18 (-0.25%) Read More Are Intel Corporation's Gross Margins Above Data Center Chip Industry Average? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Home Politics Office of the Calif. Governor Ballots and Bills Economic Development Articles: Political Opinion Business Finance NonProfit Entertainment Events Tech Top Cities Los Angeles News San Diego News San Francisco News National Search Thu, Mar 16, 2017 About California Newswire About our Staff Terms of Use Contact Us Privacy Statement RSS Feeds Submit News California Newswire Home Politics Office of the Calif. Governor Ballots and Bills Economic Development Articles: Political Opinion Business Finance NonProfit Entertainment Events Tech Top Cities Los Angeles News San Diego News San Francisco News National Home National News Desk iPhone Data Recovery from iDR Studio Updated with iOS System Recovery Function iPhone Data Recovery from iDR Studio Updated with iOS System Recovery Function By Valerie Gotten - Mar 9, 2017 4:05 PM PDT 454 SHARE Facebook Twitter BEIJING, China, Mar 09, 2017 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — iDR Studio updates their iPhone Data Recovery software with iOS System Recovery function. The latest version of iPhone Data Recovery can detect your iPhone’s iOS problems and fix them easily without losing any data on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. According to the feedback from our users, iDR studio works on iOS system recovery function for a long time. Finally, it comes out. Now iPhone users don’t need to worry about iOS system problems on their iPhone, such as iPhone stuck in recovery mode, iPhone stuck on Apple logo, iPhone stuck in DFU mode, etc. Learn more about iPhone Data Recovery here: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/. What’s New: Fix iPhone stuck in recovery mode, Apple logo, DFU mode, blue screen, headphone mode, frozen, iPhone disable, loop restart and other iOS system problems. More Features of iDR Studio iPhone Data Recovery: 1. Recover deleted iMessages, text messages, photos, contacts, videos, call history, notes, reminders, calendars, voice memos, Whatsapp messages/photos, voicemail, safari bookmarks and other deleted or lost data from iOS devices. 2. Download and scan iCloud backup file to extract data. It can restore photos, videos, contacts, messages, notes, reminders, calendars, voice memos, Whatsapp messages, safari bookmarks and other data from iCloud Backup file 3. Find and scan iTunes backup file on your computer and extract photos, videos, contacts, text messages, iMessages, Whatsapp messages/photos, notes, reminders, calendars, voice memos, voicemail, safari bookmarks and other data from iTunes backup file. 4. Support iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus and other iPhone, iPad and iPod touch running iOS system. Support the latest iOS 10 perfectly. Download and Price: Users can download iDR iPhone Data Recovery freely and enjoy the 15-day trial version to experience the functions of recovering data from iOS devices before making a purchase. Free download for Windows: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/download/iphone-data-recovery.exe Free download for Mac: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/download/mac-iphone-data-recovery.dmg iDR iPhone Data Recovery is available for $79.95 for Windows version and $89.95 for Mac version. The license is for lifetime, free upgrade and free tech-support. System Requirements: For Windows: * Processor: 1GHz Intel/AMD CPU or above. * RAM: 1G RAM or more. * iOS Version: iOS 5 and above, iOS 10 included. * iTunes Version: iTunes 10.7 or above. The latest version is recommended. For Mac: * Supported OS: Mac OS X 10.6 or above. * Processor: Intel(r) processor. * RAM: 512MB RAM, Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher. * iTunes Version: iTunes 11.4 or above. The latest version is recommended. About iDR Studio: iDR Studio is short for iPhone iPad Data Recovery. We provide the best iPhone Data Recovery, iPhone Transfer, Phone to Phone Transfer and iPhone Data Eraser software. We aim to help mobile users especially iPhone and iPad users to solve their mobile data problem, including recovering data from iOS devices, delete specific and all data on iOS devices and transfer data between iOS devices and Android devices. For more info, please visit: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/. News Source: iDR Studio This press release was issued on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy, by Send2Press Newswire. To view the original story, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/iphone-data-recovery-updates-with-ios-system-recovery-function/ More to Read: New for 2016, iDR Studio Upgrades iPhone Data Recovery to Recover iMessages/Notes PrimoSync Launches Primo iPhone Data Recovery for iOS 10 and iPhone 7/7 Plus iMyfone Upgrades iPhone Data Recovery with Kik Messages Recovery Support Valerie Gotten https://californianewswire.com Valerie G has been an editor with California Newswire for several years, is a gifted theremin player, can quote copious lines from 'Red Dwarf' and also knows where her towel is. Oddly, she does not drive, nor does she take the bus. She identifies as both human and democrat. National News Desk TAGS Apple Mac and iOS Beijing China China Business iDR Studio iPhone Data Recovery software Technology EXPLORE TOPICSEXPLORE TOPICS Select Category Articles: Entertainment Articles: Political Opinion CA Aerospace CA Agriculture CA Armed Forces CA Arts CA Business CA Economic Development CA Education CA Elections and Politics CA Employment CA Energy CA Entertainment CA Environment CA Events CA Fashion CA Finance CA Food and Dining CA General Editorial CA Government News CA Green Economy CA Health CA Legal and Law CA Lifestyle CA Manufacturing CA Medical CA Non Profit News CA Offbeat CA Op-Ed and Opinion CA Police Fire Rescue CA Public Companies CA Real Estate CA Religion CA Sports CA Transportation CA Travel CA Weddings CA Women’s Interest CA Workforce CA: African American Interest CA: Asian Interest CA: Latino Interest CA: LGBT Interest CA: Native American Interest California Government    Ballots and Bills    Government Appointments    Office of the Calif. Governor California NEWS INDEX California Technology News City; City of Industry City: Agoura Hills City: Alameda City: Aliso Viejo City: Alpine City: Anaheim City: Barstow City: Bel Air City: Belmont City: Benicia City: Berkeley City: Beverly Hills City: Bonita City: Brea City: Burbank City: Camarillo City: Campbell City: Carlsbad City: Carmel City: Carpinteria City: Carson City: Cathedral City City: Cerritos City: Chatsworth City: Chino City: Chino Hills City: Citrus Heights City: Claremont City: Coachella City: Commerce City: Compton City: Concord City: Corona City: Corte Madera City: Costa Mesa City: Culver City City: Cupertino City: Dana Point City: Danville City: Davis City: El Dorado Hills City: El Segundo City: Emeryville City: Encinitas City: Encino City: Exeter City: Felicity City: Foothill Ranch City: Fowler City: Fremont City: Fresno City: Fullerton City: Gilroy City: Glendale City: Goleta City: Grover Beach City: Half Moon Bay City: Hayward City: Hermosa Beach City: Hesperia City: Hollywood City: Huntington Beach City: Irvine City: Ivanpah City: Kelso City: La Jolla City: La Mesa City: Laguna Beach City: Laguna Hills City: Lake Elsinore City: Lake Forest City: Lake Tahoe City: Lakewood City: Long Beach City: Los Angeles City: Malibu City: Martinez City: Mill Valley City: Millbrae City: Milpitas City: Mission Viejo City: Modesto City: Monrovia City: Montclair City: Montebello City: Montecito City: Monterey City: Mount Shasta City: Mountain View City: Murrieta City: Napa City: Newark City: Newbury Park City: Newport Beach City: Oakland City: Oceanside City: Ojai City: Ontario City: Orange City: Oxnard City: Pacifica City: Palm Desert City: Palm Springs City: Palmdale City: Palo Alto City: Palos Verdes City: Panorama City City: Paramount City: Pasadena City: Pearblossom City: Petaluma City: Pittsburg City: Pleasanton City: Port Hueneme City: Porter Ranch City: Porterville City: Portola City: Poway City: Rancho Cordova City: Rancho Cucamonga City: Rancho Mirage City: Rancho Palos Verdes City: Rancho Santa Margarita City: Randsburg City: Redding City: Redlands City: Redondo Beach City: Redwood City City: Riverside City: Rosemead City: Roseville City: Sacramento City: Salinas City: San Anselmo City: San Bernardino City: San Bruno City: San Carlos City: San Clemente City: San Diego City: San Dimas City: San Fernando City: San Francisco City: San Jose City: San Marino City: San Mateo City: San Pedro City: San Ramon City: Santa Ana City: Santa Barbara City: Santa Clara City: Santa Cruz City: Santa Fe Springs City: Santa Monica City: Santa Rosa City: Sherman Oaks City: Signal Hill City: Silverado City: Sonoma City: South Lake Tahoe City: Stanford City: Stockton City: Studio City City: Sun Valley City: Sunland City: Sunnyvale City: Sylmar City: Tehachapi City: Temecula City: Thousand Oaks City: Torrance City: Trabuco Canyon City: Tustin City: Twentynine Palms City: Upland City: Vacaville City: Vallejo City: Valley Village City: Van Nuys City: Venice City: Ventura City: Vernon City: Vista City: Walnut Creek City: Watsonville City: Westlake Village City: Woodland Hills City: Yorba Linda City: Yountville City: Yuba City Featured National News Desk Newsdesk Video News Release ADVERTISEMENT FEATURED STORIES DocMagic Inc. Ranked a ‘Top 100 Mortgage Employer’ for Second Consecutive Year Mar 16, 2017 Opinion: Conservatives Say the Darnedest Things Mar 16, 2017 MuniServices Helps Cities Manage Emerging Cannabis Industry Mar 16, 2017 2017 NAMB East Association of Mortgage Professionals Convention: Lender Price to Unveil the Lender Price Marketplace Mar 16, 2017 Traffk LLC Acquires Capsci Health’s Mobile Technology Platform Mar 15, 2017 Calif. Gov. Brown Appointments for March 13-15, 2017 include State Water Resources Control Board Mar 15, 2017 California Lawmakers Decry Trump Administration Ploy to Destroy Clean Air Automobile Standards Mar 15, 2017 Promote Your Business to California News Media and Social Media California Newswire® Effective, affordable press release writing, targeted newswire dissemination in Calif. and/or nationally, and online marketing. A service of NEOTROPE® Founded 1983. Member BBB. LEARN MORE Subscribe to California Newswire® Get a daily summary of our latest news by e-mail. Enter your email address then submit. A confirmation will be sent to opt-in: • Delivered by Google's FeedBurner • VIEW PRIVACY POLICY FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK California Newswire® (or "CNW" as we call it around here) is a unique online portal combing a wide variety of original content related to living in the state of California. This online magazine covers: News about companies, products, people, and services in California; Original exclusive articles by California writers covering health and lifestyle, the arts and entertainment, and the wild and the whacky. About Privacy Legal RSS Feeds © 2000-2017 Neotrope®
Newsdesk Press Release Services Submit News Send2Press Newswire News Channels Business Advertising and Marketing Banking Employment Insurance Legal & Law Mortgage Real Estate Lifestyle Entertainment General Editorial Health & Medical Movies & Filmmaking Music & Recording Publishing Sports & Activities Technology Apple and iOS Electronics Internet Mobile Technology SaaS & Cloud Software Telecom Industry Automotive and Motorsports Chemicals & Plastics Construction Education Energy, Oil, & Solar Manufacturing Hospitality NEWSDESK View Latest News View All Topics Video News Releases Government NonProfit & Charities Regional Events PR Services About Send2Press Services Overview Press Release Distribution Press Release Writing Order Services Tools RSS Feeds by Topic Featured Companies Subscribe to Google News Alert Send2Press in Google News Free News Feed Widgets Send2Press  » Wire  » Technology  » Apple Mac and iOS  » iPhone Data Recovery Updates with iOS System Recovery Function PRESS RELEASE: iPhone Data Recovery Updates with iOS System Recovery Function Thu, 09 Mar 2017, 17:26:15 EDT   |   Source: iDR Studio   Share   Tweet BEIJING, China, March 9, 2017 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — iDR Studio updates their iPhone Data Recovery software with iOS System Recovery function. The latest version of iPhone Data Recovery can detect your iPhone’s iOS problems and fix them easily without losing any data on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. According to the feedback from our users, iDR studio works on iOS system recovery function for a long time. Finally, it comes out. Now iPhone users don’t need to worry about iOS system problems on their iPhone, such as iPhone stuck in recovery mode, iPhone stuck on Apple logo, iPhone stuck in DFU mode, etc. Learn more about iPhone Data Recovery here: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/. What’s New: Fix iPhone stuck in recovery mode, Apple logo, DFU mode, blue screen, headphone mode, frozen, iPhone disable, loop restart and other iOS system problems. More Features of iDR Studio iPhone Data Recovery: Recover deleted iMessages, text messages, photos, contacts, videos, call history, notes, reminders, calendars, voice memos, Whatsapp messages/photos, voicemail, safari bookmarks and other deleted or lost data from iOS devices. Download and scan iCloud backup file to extract data. It can restore photos, videos, contacts, messages, notes, reminders, calendars, voice memos, Whatsapp messages, safari bookmarks and other data from iCloud Backup file Find and scan iTunes backup file on your computer and extract photos, videos, contacts, text messages, iMessages, Whatsapp messages/photos, notes, reminders, calendars, voice memos, voicemail, safari bookmarks and other data from iTunes backup file. Support iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus and other iPhone, iPad and iPod touch running iOS system. Support the latest iOS 10 perfectly. Download and Price: Users can download iDR iPhone Data Recovery freely and enjoy the 15-day trial version to experience the functions of recovering data from iOS devices before making a purchase. Free download for Windows: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/download/iphone-data-recovery.exe Free download for Mac: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/download/mac-iphone-data-recovery.dmg iDR iPhone Data Recovery is available for $79.95 for Windows version and $89.95 for Mac version. The license is for lifetime, free upgrade and free tech-support. System Requirements: For Windows: Processor: 1GHz Intel/AMD CPU or above. RAM: 1G RAM or more. iOS Version: iOS 5 and above, iOS 10 included. iTunes Version: iTunes 10.7 or above. The latest version is recommended. For Mac: Supported OS: Mac OS X 10.6 or above. Processor: Intel® processor. RAM: 512MB RAM, Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher. iTunes Version: iTunes 11.4 or above. The latest version is recommended. About iDR Studio: iDR Studio is short for iPhone iPad Data Recovery. We provide the best iPhone Data Recovery, iPhone Transfer, Phone to Phone Transfer and iPhone Data Eraser software. We aim to help mobile users especially iPhone and iPad users to solve their mobile data problem, including recovering data from iOS devices, delete specific and all data on iOS devices and transfer data between iOS devices and Android devices. For more info, please visit: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/. News Source: iDR Studio Like, Share, Save this press release:   Share   Tweet   Share   Pin   Stumble   Share   Instapaper   Buffer   E-Mail   Save PDF PRESS RELEASE PERMALINK: https://www.send2press.com/wire/iphone-data-recovery-updates-with-ios-system-recovery-function/ Shortcode: https://i.send2press.com/kuGVf STORY FILED UNDER: Apple Mac and iOS | China Business | Software | Technology RELATED TOPICS: iPhone Data Recovery Translate News English to Spanish English to German English to French English to Italian English to Portuguese English to Japanese English to Korean English to Chinese Translate Journalist Tools Search News Search the entire Send2Press Newswire press release archive from 2000-2016. Subscribe to News Enter your email address for a once-daily news summary from Send2Press® Newswire: Delivered by Google/FeedBurner » PRIVACY POLICY Additional News from iDR Studio iDR Studio Upgrades iPhone Data Recovery Optimizing iMessages/Notes Recovery » Recent News and Profile NOTE TO EDITORS: For media queries, you may request the appropriate person's contact info (if not already in above text) here » Request Media Contact Info. Promote Your News Let Send2Press® Newswire help you promote your news to print, broadcast, online and social media. 30+ years experience. VIEW SERVICES ABOUT THE NEWS SOURCE: iDR Studio iDR Studio is short for iPhone iPad Data Recovery. We provide the best iPhone Data Recovery, iPhone Transfer, Phone to Phone Transfer and iPhone Data Eraser software. We aim to help mobile users especially iPhone and iPad users to solve their mobile data problem, including recovering data from iOS devices, delete specific and all data on iOS devices and transfer data between iOS devices and Android devices. More Information: http://www.iphoneipadrecovery.com/ Follow:  Twitter |  Facebook RSS News Feed for iDR Studio Related News Stories: iDR Studio Upgrades iPhone Data Recovery Optimizing iMessages/Notes Recovery PrimoSync Unveils Primo iPhone Data Recovery – iOS Data Recovery Software Specially for the Latest iOS 10 and iPhone 7/7 Plus Tenorshare Renames iPhone Data Recovery to UltData – Ultimate iOS 10 Data Recovery Software iMyfone Upgrades iPhone Data Recovery with Kik Messages Recovery Supported FonePaw Announces the Upgrade of iPhone Data Recovery for Windows and Mac Tenorshare Updates iPhone Data Recovery with iOS 8, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus supported Tenorshare Upgrades iPhone Photo Recovery 4.0 to be the World’s 1st Software Supporting Recovery of Lost iPhone Photos EaseUS Announces the New Release of MobiSaver 6.5 Tenorshare Updated iPhone Data Recovery for Mac with iOS 9 Supported New Update! Coolmuster Data Recovery for iPhone iPad iPod, Brings Complete Safe Data Recovery Solution for iOS Users View More Apple Mac and iOS News LEGAL NOTICE AND TERMS OF USE: The content of the above press release was provided by the “news source” iDR Studio or authorized agency, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. Send2Press® is the originating wire service for this story and content is Copr. © iDR Studio with newswire version Copr. © 2017 Send2Press (a service of Neotrope). All trademarks acknowledged. Rights granted for reproduction by any legitimate news organization. However, if news is cloned/scraped verbatim, then original attribution must be maintained with link back to this page as “original syndication source.” Resale of this content for commercial purposes is prohibited without a license. Reproduction on any site selling a competitive service is also prohibited. Information is believed accurate, as provided by news source or authorized agency, however is not guaranteed, and you assume all risk for use of any information found herein/hereupon. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License. Local Reads as of 2017-03-16 20:54:44: 2,737 views CONNECT WITH SEND2PRESS ON SOCIAL MEDIA               REFERENCES: Apple Mac and iOS News, iPhone iPad Data Recovery, fonelab, iDR Studio Back to Top Promote Your News Let us help you promote your news to print, broadcast, online and social media. Get Started Now Located in Torrance, Calif., USA Hours: 9-5 M-F PT A+ BBB. INC 5000 in 2009. Send2Press Services Press Release Services Press Release Distribution Press Release Writing Example Writing Projects Price List & Features S2P Media Lists Requirements & FAQs Non-Profit Program Order Our PR Services Company Information Send2Press Home Page About Our Company Meet Our Team Verify Our Company Client Testimonials Client Successes Non-Profit PR Grants™ Contact Send2Press PR Guru Blog Copr. © 1983-2016 by NEOTROPE® ~ all rights reserved. Send2Press® is an online newswire service of Neotrope and is a U.S. registered trademark and service mark. Neotrope is a registered trademark in the U.S. and Europe. All services offered subject to our Terms of Service (TOS). Proud to be a 100% U.S. company.   Legal Statement    |    Privacy Statement    |    Site Design by NEOTROPE®
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 10 March 2017 | MYT 6:30 AM Watch: ‘Angry Birds Blues’ short trailer In flight: "Angry Birds Blues" is the show's third spin-off after "Piggy Tales" and "Angry Birds Stella." — AFP Relaxnews Cartoon series Angry Birds Blues, based on the hit Angry Birds game franchise, is to start airing March 10 through Toons TV, according to its trailer.  Debuting in 2009 as a mobile phone game before spreading out to a multitude of other platforms and merchandising opportunities, Angry Birds spawned the Angry Birds Movie in 2016.    But Angry Birds Blues can trace its lineage back to 2014 animated series Angry Birds Toons, which has reached its third season, and Angry Birds Blues is the show's third spin-off after Piggy Tales and Angry Birds Stella, this time zooming in on the lives of three mischievous blue birds.  Toons.TV, also owned by Angry Birds studio Rovio, was set up in 2013 and carries animated series from other studios as well as its own original and mostly Angry Birds-derived content. — AFP Relaxnews Related Stories You May Be Interested Twitter swastika hack comes at fragile time for company Telegram was the app where Iranians talked politics – then the government caught on Expert: Girl who drove on wrong side of highway may have hyperactivity disorder The 'gay moment' that was cut - when Le Fou shows love bite A soft spot for Peter‘s pork noodles Will your parents be a burden to you? Others Also Read Australia, New Zealand unions welcome rejigged calendar ‘Brokers block-booking hotel rooms to profit from LIMA’ Trump meets Irish PM at White House ahead of St. Patrick's Day advertisement Latest News Off the catwalk, bloggers and editors vie for fashion fans’ attention Can Nokia nudge its way back into the smartphone market? Capcom and Disney team for retro game collection Dubai Airport claims to offer world's fastest, free airport WiFi How to recognise fake apps and app store malware Most Viewed in Tech How to recognise fake apps and app store malware Dubai Airport claims to offer world's fastest, free airport WiFi Can Nokia nudge its way back into the smartphone market? Visa adds contactless payment to sunglasses Capcom and Disney team for retro game collection Maybank’s new mobile app goes live for Android and iOS Panic button device and app launched North Korean hacking group behind recent attacks on banks US tech group urges global action against Chinese 'mercantilism' WhatsApp, Telegram patch flaws in instant messaging applications Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Keeping One Step Ahead of the News A provocative new academic study suggests the government should scrutinize options trading for hints of insider trading. Volume seems to arrive before the news does. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Bill Alpert Biography Updated May 28, 2011 12:01 a.m. ET Regulators are hotly pursuing insider trading. On May 11, federal prosecutors secured the conviction of Galleon hedge-fund boss Raj Rajaratnam for reaping over $60 million in profit by trading stocks on inside information, and federal prosecutor Preet Bharara -- who's called the practice "rampant"–has warned more cases are coming.Still, the government might be missing a lot of the action. Some insider cases allege wrongful trading in the options markets, but most concern only trading in stocks. Yet a new and alarming finance study finds spikes in options trading ahead of breaking news and other surprise events across diverse industries. For instance, a few days before Bank of America BAC 0.15885623510722796% Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE USD25.22 0.04 0.15885623510722796% /Date(1489698019692-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 69271599 AFTER HOURS USD25.27 0.05 0.19825535289452814% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1034634 P/E Ratio 18.27536231884058 Market Cap 252432527610.205 Dividend Yield 1.189532117367169% Rev. per Employee 447813 More quote details and news » BAC in Your Value Your Change Short position (ticker: BAC) announced its January 2008 acquisition of troubled mortgage-lender Countrywide Financial, volume leapt 50 fold in the Bank of America put options that represented a bearish bet on the acquirer's stock -- as shown in the upper left-hand chart on this page -- and the stock fell about 5% in a short stretch of time. In February of this year, Baxter International BAX -1.3995398773006136% Baxter International Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD51.43 -0.73 -1.3995398773006136% /Date(1489698078984-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 2555471 AFTER HOURS USD51.7039 0.2739 0.5325685397627844% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 110041 P/E Ratio 5.740596048666146 Market Cap 28170675483.9963 Dividend Yield 1.0110830254715146% Rev. per Employee 211729 More quote details and news » BAX in Your Value Your Change Short position (BAX) announced successful results from a clinical trial of its novel vaccine against influenza. In the days before the Feb. 15 announcement and an accompanying report in the medical journal Lancet, volume in Baxter call options rocketed more than a 500 fold -- as shown in the upper right-hand chart. The good news lifted Baxter stock almost 10% over a couple of weeks. Read It Here First Well before the news, there were big jumps in the cumulative trading volume of Bank of America and Baxter options (the dark lines in the top charts), shown as multiples of the starting volume level. Stock-trading volumes (top edge of the shaded area) didn't jump as much above starting levels (the bottom edge of the shaded area). The announcements by Bank of America and Baxter weren't scheduled -- but some traders seemed to know something was coming or were very lucky. These instances weren't isolated. Seven years of high-frequency trading data (allowing the researcher to look at five-minute intervals of trading) on the companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Index show that options volume rose more than 30-fold in the two hours before news announcements that should have come as surprises -- as shown on the next page's charts -- while stock volumes roughly quadrupled. "We didn't expect that there would be so much going on in the Dow stocks," says Nitish R. Sinha, the University of Illinois at Chicago finance expert who performed the options study with a Citigroup credit-risk analyst Wei Dong. "Am I saying there's evidence of inside-information trading in the Dow stocks? It's likely." "Informed traders like to hide, and the options market has a lot of nooks and crannies in which to hide," says Sinha. The stock market may be liquid, but it's fairly centralized and exposed, says Sinha, and options on individual stocks can trade at dozens of strike prices, across more than five major exchanges. The tools the two researchers used to flag suspicious options trading could produce leads for regulators. Market-surveillance types at the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the Securities and Exchange Commission ought to give themselves this, well, option. Insider-trading cases rarely emerge from options trading. In September 2010, a former executive of Merck MRK -0.80370942812983% Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD64.18 -0.52 -0.80370942812983% /Date(1489698099048-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 9294030 AFTER HOURS USD64.26 0.08 0.12464942349641633% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 319198 P/E Ratio 45.97421203438395 Market Cap 177638438227.627 Dividend Yield 2.929261452165784% Rev. per Employee 580823 More quote details and news » MRK in Your Value Your Change Short position (MRK) settled civil insider-trading charges (without admitting guilt), in which the SEC alleged that the executive's friend had bought call options in a drug-industry takeover target called MedImmune. Administrative charges by the SEC in March alleged that onetime Goldman Sachs director Rajat K. Gupta supplied inside information to Galleon's Rajaratnam that led Galleon to load up on Goldman call options and stock. Gupta's fighting the charges. Separately, Rajaratnam has asked a judge to dismiss his criminal conviction. AND THIS MONTH, the Wall Street Journal reported that Senator Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) received reports from Finra of about 20 instances when that securities industry self-regulator had referred suspicious trades by SAC Capital Advisors to the SEC. According to the Journal, the senator is also looking into SAC's options trades. The senator wants the SEC to tell him by June 7 if it did anything about these referrals. SAC is cooperating with Grassley's office, and neither SAC nor its founder Steven A. Cohen has been accused of any wrongdoing by authorities. Before becoming an assistant professor of finance at UIC, Sinha worked at Goldman Sachs and India's Tata Group. Dong was a physicist before going into finance. They began studying options trading as a way to measure the impact of news on investors' uncertainty about a stock—with that uncertainty represented by the volatility implied by the options on that stock. Sinha and Dong noticed some stocks with suspicious options activity ahead of news of earnings or mergers, as had previous finance researchers. But earlier studies only examined a narrow selection of news announcements. Sinha decided to expand his sample by taking advantage of the Thomson Reuters Sentiment NewsScope database, one of a number of computational-linguistics products that classify articles according to their tone, novelty and relevance to a particular company. The researchers then mapped the Reuters news stories to high-frequency trading data on the 30 companies in the Dow Industrials from 2003 to 2009, obtained from the five largest options exchanges and the central Options Price Reporting Authority (actually, just 29 of the Dow stocks, because Philip Morris' transformation into Altria rendered those entities not comparable). The researchers expected traders to anticipate certain kinds of news, such as scheduled announcements of earnings. They expected that trading volume in stocks and options might rise ahead of such events, but figured they would find less trading in advance of news stories that ought to be surprises: mergers, changes in an analyst's rating or earnings forecast, judicial outcomes, credit-rating changes and the breaking news items that Reuters calls "Alerts." "Before we started the study, we expected there'd be a difference in trading ahead of scheduled and unscheduled news," says Sinha. That turned out to be true for stocks, but not for options. Measuring from 100 minutes before the news stories appeared on Reuters terminals, they found that the rise in options volume ahead of scheduled news wasn't statistically different from the rise ahead of a news surprise. The pair of charts on this page show the trading volumes before and after news for the 29 Dow-component stocks and options, measured in multiples of the volume level at the start of the measurement window (and using logarithms, so that stocks and options can fit on the same chart). News boosts stock trading volumes several-fold, but options volume jumps 60-to-400-fold. Suspicious Trading, Even in Dow Stocks Composite graphs of stock (gray lines) and option (black) volumes show eerie rises -- even ahead of surprise news -- in seven years of trading in the Dow Industrial stocks. To better model actual trader behavior, researchers used computer simulations to estimate the Dow stocks' response to news events. THE SURPRISE IS, the clear volume jump in Dow stock options in the 80 minutes before a news surprise. Sinha's working paper politely calls such trading "informed," rather than "insider trading," since some traders may legitimately know enough about a company to anticipate news. But given that options expire on a particular date, says Sinha, "if you're trading options, you must have time-sensitive information." Insider-trading cases in Dow component stocks aren't unheard of -- but they typically involve the stock, not options. In recent years, cases have concerned shares of Pfizer, Disney, Intel, IBM, Merck and Johnson & Johnson. But Sinha and Dong seem to have found new cause for suspicion. Sinha's discovery of the February activity in Baxter options, which postdated their study's time frame, came by accident as he was looking for examples of earnings disappointments for one of his UIC finance lessons. In addition to the suspicious options trading before Countrywide's 2008 takeover by Bank of America, the researchers' seven-year survey found curious options activity before rating changes on other Dow components. The conventional wisdom holds that guilty traders would favor the liquid market for stocks. But Sinha thinks that "informed" traders use options because it's easier to hide among all the strike prices and markets. Put options also furnish a quick way to make a bearish bet, compared to the borrowing chores involved in a stock's short sale. And options market makers tend to ask fewer questions, says Sinha, than would an investor who got skinned taking the other side of an informed investor's stock trade. "When you're buying or selling an option," he says, "the other side is a market maker, not another guy like you, and the options market makers instantly hedge their exposure in the stock market." As with any kind of corruption, insider-trading prosecutions probably catch just a small portion of the activity. The trading in thousands of securities on dozens of markets generates an overwhelming amount of data to analyze. For just the 29 stocks in Sinha's study, the data amounted to five terabytes (that is, five trillion pieces of data). But the researchers' idea of conditioning their surveillance on news "surprises" makes the job tractable. "So you don't need to watch all the options of every stock," says the UIC professor. "If you look at the most liquid of the at-the-money or near-the-money options -- you'll catch them."  E-mail: editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Feature 1. Ball Corp.: A Can-Do Can Maker 2. Norwegian Cruise Line Stock Could Rise 20% 3. Blackstone Units Have 40% Upside and Yield More Than 8% 4. Range Resources: An Unappreciated Energy Play 5. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Celgene Shows Savvy as Gilead Keeps Backsliding Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Apple: It’s No Longer About the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Apple’s AirPods Could Be Pioneering a Whole New Product Category Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Fed Signals to Investors It’s Safe to Buy Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Express Scripts Stock Hardly Looks Healthy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Do This Before You Sign Up for a 401(k) 2 The Case Against a Savings Account 3 Why a Credit Union Is Better Than a Bank Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
