CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Crave Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español ​Intel has a new chip to bring brains to your car The A3900 is designed to give cars digital dashboards and help them spot pedestrians. It and its E3900 cousin are about twice as fast as predecessors. ​Intel has a new chip to bring brains to your car 0 Share: Tech Industry by Stephen Shankland 26 October 2016 6:57 am AEDT @stshank Up Next Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Ken Caviasca, VP and GM of IoT Platform engineering and development group.Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET Intel probably already supplies the brains for your PC. Now it wants to do the same for your next car with new members of its Atom processor family. That auto could have a giant screen instead of analog gauges, digital displays instead of rearview mirrors and cameras to detect pedestrians and drowsy drivers. If Intel gets its way, the company's new A3900 chip will power it all. The company surged into global dominance by making the processors that power PCs, but since we're not buying those so much anymore, Intel has been scrambling to be a part of new markets. You don't see an "Intel inside" sticker when you use Google search, but Intel chips are a foundational part of the technology that delivers the search results. Enlarge Image Intel's Atom chips are designed for small products, internet-of-things devices and industrial computing systems.Photo by Intel You also don't see Intel inside stickers on your phone, but that's because Intel flopped in that market despite years of trying. But it's got a better chance in another big market -- the so-called internet of things, including cars. We're used to computer power in our phones and laptops, but the internet of things spreads it to everything from factory robots and door locks to streetlights and refrigerated boxcars. Even though you may not care whose chip makes your toaster smart, you may be glad to hear Intel is involved. The company has world-class chip manufacturing technology, which for you and me translates directly into lower prices. The A3900 and its less heat-tolerant sibling, the E3900, will arrive in products in the second quarter of 2017, said Ken Caviasca, general manager of engineering and development for Intel's internet-of-things group. The new chips are up to 1.7 times faster at computing and 2.9 times faster at graphics tasks, he said. Intel's A3900 processor, designed for cars, runs fine even at 110 degrees Fahrenheit.Photo by Intel "The E3900 can go to the higher performance needs the E3800 couldn't meet," Caviasca said. They come in dual-core and quad-core models. For car technology, Intel's competitors include NXP Semiconductor, which you probably never heard of despite years of experience in the market, and Nvidia, which you're more likely to know since they're a top maker of the PC graphics chips that make video games look realistic. Those companies rely on widely used designs licensed from ARM Holdings -- designs also used in almost every mobile phone and tablet. Intel expects customers like Delphi and Neusoft will use the A3900 in today's increasingly electronic vehicles. It's also aiming the less heat-tolerant E3900 at video devices like surveillance cameras and at industrial devices like factory robots. There, the chip can assure reliably fast communications among different devices like machines working in concert. That quick communication link -- a thousandth of a second -- is also useful in cars, where for example designers want to ensure a computer spotting a pedestrian can be trusted. "You want to guarantee the time between acquisition and action," Caviasca said. Tags Tech Industry Intel Related Stories What NBA star Andre Iguodala is learning as a tech investor Tech's gender pay gap wider than many US sectors, study finds Alaska Air flight uses trees for fuel NBA star Stephen Curry gets a little 'CoachUp' in funny video Close   Discuss: ​Intel has a new chip to bring brains to... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Nintendo puts a price on Super Mario Run (and the Switch?) The company's first smartphone game is coming to iOS on December 15 and it won't be totally free. Fans are also wondering if a retailer just spilled the beans on the price of the upcoming Switch console. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center

Jump to navigation Advertisement News for the Open Source Professional Login / Create Account Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Feeds Brought to you by News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs Eric Brown October 26, 2016 Open Source Operating Systems for IoT iot-1920.jpg This fifth article in our IoT series looks at the many new open source operating systems that target IoT -- it all starts with the OS. Creative Commons Zero Over the past decade, the majority of new open source OS projects have shifted from the mobile market to the Internet of Things. In this fifth article in our IoT series, we look at the many new open source operating systems that target IoT. Our previous posts have examined open source IoT frameworks, as well as Linux- and open source development hardware for IoT and consumer smart home devices. But it all starts with the OS. In addition to exploring new IoT-focused embedded Linux-based distributions, I’ve included a few older lightweight distributions like OpenWrt that have seen renewed uptake in the segment. While the Linux distros are aimed primarily at gateways and hubs, there has been equivalent growth in non-Linux, open source OSes for IoT that can run on microcontroller units (MCUs), and are typically aimed at IoT edge devices. Keep in mind that almost all OSes these day are claiming some IoT connection, so the list is somewhat arbitrary. The contenders here fulfill most of the following properties: low memory footprint, high power efficiency, a modular and configurable communication stack, and strong support for specific wireless and sensor technologies. Some projects emphasize IoT security, and many of the non-Linux OSes focus on real-time determinism, which is sometimes a requirement in industrial IoT. I have generally steered clear of Linux distros that are categorized as “lightweight” but are still largely aimed at desktop use or portable USB stick implementations, rather than headless devices. Still, lightweight Linux distros such as LXLE or Linux Lite could be good choices for IoT. The choices were more difficult with non-Linux open source platforms. After all, most lightweight RTOSes can be used for IoT. I focused on the major platforms, or those that seemed to offer the most promise for IoT. Other potential candidates can be found at this Open Source RTOS site. Not included here is Windows 10 for IoT Core, which is free to makers and supports AllJoyn and IoTivity, but is not fully open source. There are also a number of commercial RTOSes that are major players in IoT, such as Micrium’s µC/OS. Nine Linux-based open source IoT distros Brillo -- In the year since Google released Brillo, the lightweight Android-based distro has seen growing adoption among hacker boards such as the Intel Edison and Dragonboard 410c, and even some computer-on-modules. The future of Brillo is tied to Google’s Weave communications protocol, which it requires. Weave brings discovery, provisioning, and authentication functions to Brillo, which can run on as little as 32MB RAM and 128MB flash. Huawei LiteOS -- Huawei’s LiteOS, which is not to be confused with the open source Unix variant, is said to be based on Linux, but it must be a very lean implementation indeed. Announced over a year ago, LiteOS is claimed to be deployable as a kernel as small as 10KB. LiteOS ranges from MCU-based devices to Android-compatible applications processors. The customizable OS is touted for its zero configuration, auto-discovery, auto-networking, fast boot, and real-time operation, and it offers extensive wireless support, including LTE and mesh networking. LiteOS is available with Huawei’s Agile IoT Solution, and it drives its Narrow-band IoT (NB-IoT) Solution. OpenWrt/LEDE/Linino/DD-Wrt -- The venerable, networking-focused OpenWrt embedded Linux distro has seen a resurgence due to the IoT craze. The lightweight OpenWrt is frequently found on routers and MIPS-based WiFi boards. Earlier spin-offs such as DD-Wrt and the Arduino-focused Linino have recently been followed by an outright fork. The Linux Embedded Development Environment (LEDE) project promises more transparent governance and predictable release cycles. Ostro Linux -- This Yocto Project based distro broke into the limelight in August when Intel chose it for its Intel Joule module, where it runs on the latest quad-core Atom T5700 SoC. Ostro Linux is compliant with IoTivity, supports numerous wireless technologies, and offers a sensor framework. It has a major focus on IoT security, providing OS-, device-, application, and data-level protections, including cryptography and MAC. The distribution is available in headless and media (XT) versions. Raspbian -- There are some other distributions for the Raspberry Pi that are more specifically aimed at IoT, but the quickly maturing Raspbian is still the best. Because it’s the most popular distro for DIY projects on one of the most widely used IoT platforms, developers can call upon numerous projects and tutorials for help. Now that Raspbian supports Node-RED, the visual design tool for Node-JS, we see less reason to opt for the RPi-specific, IoT-focused Thingbox. Snappy Ubuntu Core -- Also called Ubuntu Core with Snaps, this embedded version of Ubuntu Core draws upon a Snap package mechanism that Canonical is spinning off as a universal Linux package format, enabling a single binary package to work on “any Linux desktop, server, cloud or device.” Snaps enable Snappy Ubuntu Core to offer transactional rollbacks, secure updates, cloud support, and an app store platform. Snappy requires only a 600MHz CPU and 128MB RAM, but also needs 4GB of flash. It runs on the Pi and other hacker boards, and has appeared on devices including Erle-Copter drones, Dell Edge Gateways, Nextcloud Box, and LimeSDR. Tizen -- Primarily backed by Samsung, the Linux Foundation hosted embedded Linux stack has barely registered in the mobile market. However, it has been widely used in Samsung TVs and smartwatches, including the new Gear S3, and has been sporadically implemented in its cameras and consumer appliances. Tizen can even run on the Raspberry Pi. Samsung has begun to integrate Tizen with its SmartThings smart home system, enabling SmartThings control from Samsung TVs. We can also expect more integration with Samsung’s Artik modules and Artik Cloud. Artik ships with Fedora, but Tizen 3.0 has recently been ported, along with Ubuntu Core. uClinux -- The venerable, stripped-down uClinux is the only form of Linux that can run on MCUs, and only then on specific Cortex-M3, M4, and -M7 models. uClinux requires MCUs with built-in memory controllers that can use an external DRAM chip to meet its RAM requirements. Now merged into the mainline Linux kernel, uClinux benefits from the extensive wireless support found in Linux. However, newer MCU-oriented OSes such as Mbed are closing the gap quickly on wireless, and are easier to configure. EmCraft is one of the biggest boosters for uClinux on MCUs, offering a variety of Cortex-M-based modules with uClinux BSPs. Yocto Project -- The Linux Foundation’s Yocto Project is not a Linux distro, but an open source collaborative project to provide developers with templates, tools, and methods to create custom embedded stacks. Because you can customize stacks with minimal overhead, it’s frequently used for IoT. Yocto Project forms the basis for most commercial embedded Linux distros, and is part of projects such as Ostro Linux and Qt for Device Creation. Qt is prepping a Qt Lite technology for Qt 5.8 that will optimize Device Creation for smaller IoT targets. Non-Linux Open Source IoT OSes Apache Mynewt -- The open source, wireless savvy Apache Mynewt for 32-bit MCUs was developed by Runtime and hosted by the Apache Software Foundation. The modular Apache Mynewt is touted for its wireless support, precise configurability of concurrent connections, debugging features, and granular power controls. In May, Runtime and Arduino Srl announced that Apache Mynewt would be available for Arduino Srl’s Primo and STAR Otto SBCs. The OS also supports Arduino LLC boards like the Arduino Zero. (Recently, Arduino Srl and Arduino LLC settled their legal differences, announcing plans to reunite under an Arduino Holding company and Arduino Foundation.) ARM Mbed -- ARM’s IoT-oriented OS targets tiny, battery-powered IoT endpoints running on Cortex-M MCUs with as little as 8KB of RAM, and has appeared on the BBC Micro:bit SBC. Although originally semi-proprietary, single threaded only, and lacking deterministic features, it’s now open sourced under Apache 2.0, and provides multithreading and RTOS support. Unlike many lightweight RTOSes, Mbed was designed with wireless communications in mind, and it recently added Thread support. The OS supports cloud services that can securely extract data via an Mbed Device Connector. Earlier this year, the project launched a Wearable Reference Design. Contiki -- With its 10KB RAM and 30KB flash requirements, the open source Contiki can’t get as tiny as Tiny OS or RIOT OS, nor does it offer real-time determinism like RIOT and some others. However, the widely used Contiki provides extensive wireless networking support, with an IPv6 stack contributed by Cisco. The OS supplies a comprehensive list of development tools including a dynamic module loading Cooja Network Simulator for debugging wireless networks. Contiki is touted for efficient memory allocation. FreeRTOS -- FreeRTOS is coming close to rivaling Linux among embedded development platforms, and it’s particularly popular for developing IoT end devices. FreeRTOS lacks Linux features such as device drivers, user accounts, and advanced networking and memory management. However, it has a far smaller footprint than Linux, not to mention mainstream RTOSes like VxWorks, and it offers an open source GPL license. FreeRTOS can run on under a half kilobyte of RAM and 5-10KB of ROM, although more typically when used with a TCP/IP stack, it’s more like 24KB of RAM and 60KB flash. Fuchsia -- Google’s latest open source OS was partially revealed in August, leaving more questions than answers. The fact that Fuchsia has no relation to Linux, but is based on an LK distro designed to compete with MCU-oriented OSes such as FreeRTOS, led many to speculate that it’s an IoT OS. Yet, Fuchsia also supports mobile and laptop computers, so Google may have much broader ambitions for this early-stage project. NuttX -- The non-restrictive BSD licensed NuttX is known primarily for being the most common RTOS for open source drones running on APM/ArduPilot and PX4 UAV platform, which are collectively part of the Dronecode platform. NuttX is widely used in other resource-constrained embedded systems, as well. Although it supports x86 and Cortex-A5 and -A8 platforms, this POSIX- and ANSI-based OS is primarily aimed at Cortex-M MCUs. NuttX is fully pre-emptible, with fixed priority, round-robin, and sporadic scheduling. The OS is billed as “a tiny Linux work-alike with a much reduced feature set.” RIOT OS -- The 8-year old RIOT OS is known for its efficient power usage and widespread wireless support. RIOT offers hardware requirements of 1.5KB RAM and 5KB of flash that are almost as low as Tiny OS. Yet it also offers features like multi-threading, dynamic memory management, hardware abstraction, partial POSIX compliance, and C++ support, which are more typical of Linux than lightweight RTOSes. Other features include a low interrupt latency of roughly 40 clock cycles, and priority-based scheduling. You can develop under Linux or OS X and deploy to embedded devices using a native port. TinyOS -- This mature, open source BSD-licensed OS is about as tiny as you can get, supporting low power consumption on MCU targets “with a few kB of RAM and a few tens of kB of code space.” Written in a C dialect called nesC, the event-driven TinyOS is used by researchers exploring low-power wireless networking, including multi-hop nets. By the project’s own admission, “computationally-intensive applications can be difficult to write.” The project is working on Cortex-M3 support, but for now it’s still designed for lower-end MCUs and radio chips. Zephyr -- The Linux Foundation’s lightweight, security-enabled Zephyr RTOS runs on as little as 2-8KB of RAM. Zephyr works on x86, ARM, and ARC systems, but focuses primarily on MCU-based devices with Bluetooth/BLE and 802.15.4 radios like 6LoWPAN. Zephyr is based on Wind River’s Rocket OS, which is based on Viper, a stripped-down version of VxWorks. Initial targets include the Arduino Due and Intel’s Arduino 101, among others. Zephyr recently appeared on SeeedStudio’s 96Boards IoT Edition BLE Carbon SBC, which is supported by a new Linaro LITE group. Read the previous articles in the series: Who Needs the Internet of Things? 21 Open Source Projects for IoT Linux and Open Source Hardware for IoT Smart Linux Home Hubs Mix IoT with AI Learn more about embedded Linux through The Linux Foundation's Embedded Linux Development with Yocto Project course.   Log in or register to post comments Print This Like  (2 likes) 1 Comments Comments terjerunde | October 26, 2016 Permalink "The Linux Foundation’s lightweight, security-enabled Zephyr RTOS runs on as little as 200KB of RAM and 1MB of flash." I'm sure this must be off by an order of magnitude or three? Log in or register to post comments Like Leave this field blank Click Here! Advertisement Training See all LFS301 Linux System Administration November 28, 2016 Learn more LFD401 Developing Applications For Linux November 28, 2016 Learn more LFD430 Developing Linux Device Drivers November 28, 2016 Learn more Newsletter Related Jobs Senior DevOps Engineer Sr Software Engineering Manager (ARM, Linux, Android) - 5359 OpenStack DevOps Cloud Engineer - 37736 Sr. Manager Cloud Engineering See all Jobs Jobs provided in partnership with Dice.com News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs About Linux.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Contact The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium enabling collaboration and innovation through an open source development model. Learn More © 2016 The Linux Foundation
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 16, 2:37 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Tech Deals: $199 Off 15.4” MacBook Pro With Core i7 2.8GHz Processor, $100 Off 12” MacBook With Core M5 Processor + Other MacBook Discounts By Mike Luces On 10/26/16 AT 4:35 PM Close MacBooks are typically expensive, so it is common for consumers to look for deals that would save them some cash when purchasing one. Whether you are looking to buy your very own MacBook or you intend to get one as a gift to your loved one, our tech deals for the day already have you covered. Check out the amazing discounts below that could save you as much as $199 when you buy a 15-inch MacBook Pro. All tech deals featured here are guaranteed to be legit. They are available at Best Buy and MacMall, authorized sellers of Apple products. Both sites ship items on the same business day the orders were placed. For items ordered at Best Buy, there is an option where the buyer can simply pick up the device from any local Best Buy store. On the other hand, MacMall offers free 2-day shipping and free returns to its customers. MacBooks Photo: MacMall/Apple Authorized Reseller 15.4” MacBook Pro with Retina Display, Quad-core Intel Core i7 2.8GHz Processor, 16GB RAM and 1TB Flash Storage Regular Price: $3,199 Discount: $199 Sale Price: $2,999.99 Freebies: None Why you need to buy: Save $199 when you buy this 15.4-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display that is powered by the fourth-generation Quad-core Intel Core i7 2.8GHz processor, Intel Iris Pro Graphics and AMD Radeon R9 M370X with 2GB GDDR5 memory. Its 15.4-inch display with 2880 x 1800 screen resolution is said to be impeccable in bringing colors to life. As a mid-2015 model, this laptop features Apple’s latest Force Touch trackpad that minimizes every click. This MacBook Pro runs Mac OS X El Capitan out of the box and it is expected to last for up 9 hours on a single charge. Buy here! 15.4” MacBook Pro with Retina Display, Quad-core Intel Core i7 2.5GHz Processor, 16GB RAM and 1TB Flash Storage Related Stories Is Apple Releasing iMessage For Android? Apple Taps Ex-BlackBerry Employees To Work On Its Car Software Apple Gears Up For Apple Watch Nike+ Launch Regular Price: $2,999 Discount: $184 Sale Price: $2,815 Freebies: None Why you need to buy: If you want a 15.4-inch MacBook pro with Retina display that still sports the Intel Core i7 processor but is not as expensive as the first tech deal, this offer is the one for you. This tech deal saves you $184 and you get to own a MacBook Pro with Retina display that is powered by a Quad-core Intel Core i7 processor that is clocked at speeds of up to 2.5GHz. The powerful processor works together with the Intel Iris Pro Graphics and AMD Radeon R9 M370X with 2GB of GDDR5 in bringing superior performance whenever the laptop is in use. Compared to other laptops, this MacBook Pro comes with Apple’s famous Force Touch trackpad that executes commands and functions based on the pressure you apply on to it. Just like the first deal, this device runs Mac OS X El Capitan out of the box. Buy here! 13.3” MacBook Pro with Retina Display, Dual-core Intel Core i7 Processor, 8GB RAM and 512GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $1,999.99 Discount: $100 Sale Price: $1,899.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: If you are looking for a smaller MacBook Pro, then this 13.3-inch variant is perfect for you. Similar to the previous tech deals, this one also comes with Apple’s famous Retina display. This laptop is powered by the fifth-generation Dual-core Intel Core i7 processor that is complemented by the Intel Iris Pro Graphics in bringing superb performance whenever the device is in use. This MacBook Pro houses 8GB of RAM and 512GB of flash storage. It has two Thunderbolt 2 ports, two USB 3 ports and HDMI. This deal saves you $100. Buy here! 12” MacBook with Intel Core M5 Processor, 8GB RAM and 512GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $1,599.99 Discount: $100 Sale Price: $1,499.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: Powered by a sixth-generation Intel Core M5 processor, this 12-inch MacBook delivers the full-size experience of Mac devices in a more compact body. Despite its small and thin frame, the device features a full-size keyboard and Apple’s advanced force-sensing Force Touch trackpad. This laptop has 8GB of RAM and 512GB flash storage, and it is available in Silver, Space Gray, Gold and Rose Gold color options. As the latest model available on the market, this laptop typically sells for $1,599.99. With this tech deal you get to save $100. Buy here! 12” MacBook with Intel Core M3 Processor, 8GB RAM and 256GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $1,299.99 Discount: $100 Sale Price: $1,199.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: This tech deal saves you $100 when you buy Apple’s latest model MacBook that comes in Silver, Space Gray, Gold and Rose Gold color options. This is powered by an Intel Core M3 processor that works quite well with the Intel HD Graphics 515 of the device. It has 8GB of RAM and 256GB of flash storage. This laptop comes with a multifunctional USB-C port, a 12-inch Retina display and a battery pack that is capable of lasting for up to 10 hours. Buy here! MacBook color options Photo: Best Buy Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Report Likens Tax Havens To Disease That Must Be Quarantined The report on the Panama Papers was written by Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and Swiss anti-corruption expert Mark Pieth. Technology Tinder Introduces Transgender Options The dating app allowed users to choose only between male and female till now. World Can A Crowdfunded Telescope Photograph An Earth-Like Planet? Project Blue, launched by an international consortium of scientists, began a Kickstarter campaign Tuesday to raise funds for a telescope that may capture a “pale blue dot” image of an alien planet. National Thomas Barrack To Head Trump’s Inaugural Committee Barrack, the former deputy undersecretary of the Department of Interior under the Reagan administration, is a staunch Trump ally advising the real estate mogul on economics and national security. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Smartphones Personal Tech Not call, Intel – not call: Chipzilla modems in iPhone 7s fall short New study: You'll get better LTE connections with Qualcomm-equipped mobes 26 Oct 2016 at 20:06, Thomas Claburn Thomas Claburn Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Software Recent Articles DMCA updated – toaster penetration testing gets green light in America No nudes, bloated apps, Android sucks and 497 other complaints about Apple to the FTC CIA will put records online Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with one of two cellular modems, Qualcomm's MDM9645M modem or Intel's XMM7360 modem, depending upon the associated mobile carrier. In ideal conditions, the two modems perform equally well. But research firm Cellular Insights claims that at the edge of cell coverage areas, where signal strength falls off, the iPhone 7 model with the Intel modem is less capable. The iPhone 7 (A1660) and iPhone 7 Plus (A1661) sport the Qualcomm modem. Variant models, the iPhone 7 (A1778) and iPhone 7 Plus (A1784), come with the Intel modem. For US customers, Sprint and Verizon offer the Qualcomm-powered iPhone. AT&T and T‑Mobile US sell the Intel-equipped version, which won't work on the CDMA networks operated by Sprint or Verizon. The Qualcomm modem supports a wider set of protocols, making it usable on any of the big four carrier networks in the US. So unlocked iPhone 7 models purchased for Sprint or Verizon in the US can be used with the networks operated by AT&T or T‑Mobile US. Apple provides information about where its various iPhone 7 models are available on its website. Cellular Insights tested the LTE performance of the two modems across three bands, Band 12 (10MHz), Band 4 (20MHz), and Band 7 (20MHz) in 4×2 MIMO configuration using Transmission Mode 4. According to the firm's report, iPhone 7 models with the Intel modem exhibited 30 per cent worse LTE performance on average than their Qualcomm-equipped counterparts when conditions were not ideal. With a strong wireless signal, the two variants kept pace. But at lower signal strengths, differences start to emerge. At -95dBM, the Intel modem required an adjustment of its Transport Block Size because the Block Error Rate exceeded 2 per cent. With a signal measured at -105dBm, the Block Error Rate reached 20 per cent. And at -108dBm, it went to "a whopping 75 per cent." High error rates mean low LTE performance. "In all tests, the iPhone 7 Plus with the Qualcomm modem had a significant performance edge over the iPhone 7 Plus with the Intel modem," the report concludes. Apple's dual sourcing strategy reflects a desire to avoid having to waste space or money by having a large, expensive component so jammed with circuits that it will work with any telecom infrastructure, according to Fast Company. It also provides a defense against dependence on a single component supplier and price negotiation leverage. But the cost of this strategy if electronic components exhibit such varied performance may be customer satisfaction. Neither Apple nor Intel responded to requests for comment. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 22 Comments More from The Register Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones From the HoloLens to the PlayStation VR, all VR kit is descended from the first iPhone 49 Comments Anti-theft kill switches in smartphones just got a little less creepy US peeps now get more control over tracking and remote wipes 19 Comments Apple grounds AirPods launch with shipping delay No worries, just plug your old earbuds into the… oh, right 26 Comments Apple Watch exec Bob Mansfield 'gets into secret Apple car' Here in iCar, iCan only receive, iCan listen to you... 41 Comments Humanity will only buy 47 smartphones per SECOND in 2016 Last year we bought 44 per second, but growth has slowed so its frowning time 16 Comments Q. What's the difference between smartphones and that fad diet you all got bored of? A. Nothing Global sales see first-ever decline, analysts say it's not just Apple losing ground 16 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Staff / From the minds of Ars Dealmaster: Get a Dell XPS 8900 Skylake-powered desktop for $630 Plus deals on TVs, laptops, tablets, accessories, and more. by Ars Staff - Oct 26, 2016 5:40 pm UTC Login to bookmark 21 Greetings, Arsians! Courtesy of our partners at TechBargains, we have a bunch of big deals to share. You can now get a Dell XPS 8900 desktop, complete with an Intel Skylake Core i7 processor, 2GB Nvidia GPU, 8GB of RAM, and a 1TB hard drive, for just $630. That's one of the best prices we've seen on a PC as powerful as this, especially considering this desktop comes preloaded with Windows 7 Pro and with a license to upgrade to Windows 10 Pro. Check out the full list of other deals below, too. Enlarge Featured Dell XPS 8900 i7-6700 Skylake Quad-Core Desktop w/ Win 7 Pro & 2GB GT 730m GPU for $630 (use code: SBXPS630 - list price $749.99). 2016 Samsung 4K UltraHD Curved LED HDTV w/ HDR + $300 Dell Gift Card for $899.99 (Use the $300 GC on PS4 or Xbox One S). 20% off Titanfall 2 Pre-orders for Prime Users: Collectors for $200, Deluxe for $64, Standard for $48. $100 Xbox Live Gift Card for $90 (Use Coupon Code: GIFT10). Stanley FatMax Portable 350Amp Jump Starter w/ 120psi Air Compressor & USB Charging for $39.98 (list price $79.99). $10 Udemy Online Courses: Coding, App Development, Project Management, Cisco CCNA & more for $10 (use code: UDEMY10OCT ). Free eBook: Dummies Guide to Time Management (Free after filling out a short form about yourself). 29" Dell UltraSharp 2560x1080 Panoramic Monitor + $100 Dell Gift Card for $292.99 (use code: SAVE35 - list price $449.99). Dell Inspiron 3650 Intel Core i7 Quad-Core Desktop with 16GB RAM, Win 7 Pro & 2GB HDD for $579 (use code: DELLBIZ579 - list price $949). Get ready for Cyber Monday at TechBargains. Desktop and laptop computers Acer Aspire E 15 Intel Core i7-7100u Kaby Lake 15.6" 1080p Laptop for $349.99 (list price $399.99). Dell PowerEdge T20 Intel Xeon E3-1225 v3 Quad-Core Tower Barebones Server for $279 (use code: 279T20 - list price $489). Dell Inspiron 3650 Intel Core i5-6400 Quad-Core Skylake Desktop (8GB/1TB) + Win 7 / 10 Pro License for $399 (use code: INSPIRON449 - list price $529). CM Storm QuickFire TK Cherry MX Red Mechanical Keyboard for $62 after rebate (list price $99.99). Save on performance, business, and budget PCs at TechBargains. Electronics and components Matches Prime Day Pricing! Amazon Fire Kids' Edition 7" 8GB Tablet w/ 2-Year Worry Free Warranty for $69.99 (list price $99.99). Jaybird X2 Wireless Sport Bluetooth Headphones for $79.99 (list price $149.99). 2-Pack Ecobee Remote Sensors for Ecobee Smart Thermostat for $60.88 (list price $79). Vantrue R2 2560x1080 Dash Cam w/ Impact Sensor & Parking Mode for $99.99 (use code: - list price $139.99). Goliath Industry OBD2 WiFi Car Code Reader Tool for $13.50 (use code: WK92LDL4 - list price $18.99). Today Only! Makita 18V Cordless Vacuum w/ 2Amp Battery for $108.99 (list price $147.08). More savings on electronics at TechBargains. HDTVs and home entertainment PCMag Editor's Choice Budget TV 40" TCL 1080p LED Smart HDTV w/ RokuTV Streaming + $125 Dell Gift Card for $249.99 (list price $419.99). 40" Vizio D-Series 4K UltraHD LED Smart HDTV w/ $125 Dell Gift Card for $429.99. 38" Vizio 2.0Ch Soundbar w/ Bluetooth Streaming + $50 Dell Gift Card for $99.98. Onkyo TX-NR646 7.2Ch 4K WiFi Bluetooth Home Theater Receiver w/ 2 HDMI Out for $369.99 (list price $499.99). Get more home theater deals at TechBargains. Expand full story Reader comments 21 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit -  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news ARM and Intel declare war over IoT chips Written by Scott Bicheno 26 October 2016 @ 16:53 Chip rivals ARM and Intel have both announced major new IoT launches at exactly the same time, opening a new front in their long-running war. ARM classifies its Cortex-branded chip designs according to their relative size and power. ‘A’ stands for ‘application processors’ such as the ones that provide the brains in smartphones. ‘R’ stands for ‘realtime’ and tends to apply to communications processors such as those found in modems. ‘M’ stands for ‘microcontroller’ and refers to the smallest chips, usually for embedded, industrial use. It is at this end of the scale that ARM expects to extend its mobile dominance into the IoT market, by designing tiny, ultra-low power chips that can be embedded into billions of devices and provide them with smarts and connectivity. The big launch was a new Cortex M family based on ARMv8-M architecture and apart from the usual core ARM claims about bang-per-buck/size/power, the special sauce seems to be the introduction of ARM TrustZone technology to this end of things. TrustZone is a crypto-cell technology that essentially introduces security at the chip level. The benefits of having IoT chips with security built in should be obvious to anyone worried about IoT heralding an era of hackers hijacking smart devices and sending them rogue like some kind of real-life Fantasia. “As IoT technologies become more pervasive, it is time for a complete solution that secures data from the sensor to the service,” said Pete Hutton, President of product groups at ARM. “ARM partners shipped a record 15 billion chips last year, many destined for smart embedded applications. The IoT already runs on ARM but the goal now is scale, which we are enabling today through a uniquely comprehensive set of technologies and services built to work together seamlessly.” Intel, meanwhile, unveiled the E3900 series, which is positioned as an IoT chip but seems to be designed more for ‘fog computing’ – i.e. decentralising and distributing the cloud. So this is more of a low-power datacenter chip, rather than one designed for IoT devices. It’s sensible for Intel to take this route to IoT as it’s probably never going to be able to compete with ARM on power efficiency so would lose a head-to-head battle in devices, just as it did in smartphones. Intel is the king of datacenters and hence the default chip-maker for the cloud. This launch seems to be designed to ensure Intel retains this position as fog computing becomes a thing. “The Intel Atom processor E3900 series will make the edge and fog more intelligent – enabling many of the processing needs to take place at or near the data sensor and alleviating the need to push all processing to the data center,” blogged Intel. “Fog computing, also known as fog networking, is a decentralized computing infrastructure in which computing resources and application services are distributed in the most logical place at any point from the data source to the cloud.” To show how serious it is about all this, Intel made a slick corporate video. Tags: ARM, chips, devices, featured, fog computing, Intel, IOT Mobile Networks / IoT and M2M Smart IoT Internet of Things World Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Nokia reveals its new cunning plan: wait for 5G Ericsson forecasts 8x mobile data traffic and 550 5G subs by 2022 Trump-driven US-China trade war threat looms large Ericsson reflects on a tough year, resolves to do better Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 1 day ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 1 day ago Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 6 days ago Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Carrier Network Virtualization 06-08 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all @telecoms & @OpenetGlobal webinar tomorrow - 75 use cases to boost your business. Join us - https://t.co/RkS3wLLZvF hhttps://t.co/S5UhoE0UgA 15 November 2016 @ 22:01:43 UTC BBWF 2016 - Peter Brogan, Head of Europe, Global Telecoms & Media at #Wipro https://t.co/S8IQoWwB3f #broadband 15 November 2016 @ 18:37:39 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This Intel Corporation Desktop Processor Rumor True? This Fool takes a look at whether the rumor that Intel is releasing its first 10-nanometer desktop processor in 2018 still makes sense in light of other leaked information. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 26, 2016 at 11:22AM Back in early September, DigiTimes -- citing an Intel product road map that it apparently obtained -- said Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) intends to launch a processor known as Coffee Lake for the desktop market during the second half of 2017. Image source: Intel.  DigiTimes also said those same product road maps indicated that the follow-on to Coffee Lake for desktop computers, known as Ice Lake, is expected to arrive in 2018. Considering some other leaks around Coffee Lake -- in particular, one leaked product road map that has been circulating the Web shows that Coffee Lake for notebook computers isn't expected to arrive until the second quarter of 2018 -- is it likely that DigiTimes' report is still accurate? Let's take a closer look. Could Coffee Lake come sooner for desktops than for notebooks? The road map that DigiTimes references is apparently a desktop processor road map. In contrast, the road map that contradicts the one that the DigiTimes article was based upon was about processors intended for use in laptops. It is conceivable that Intel might be planning to launch Coffee Lake for desktop computers first and then release the versions aimed at notebooks later. However, it's important to keep in mind that the chips that go into desktops and the ones that go into notebooks are based on the same exact silicon, so it's not clear if that hypothesis will ultimately hold up. If Coffee Lake is delayed, does that push out Ice Lake? Coffee Lake is Intel's Cannon Lake architecture -- a modest enhancement to the current generation Skylake architecture that powered Intel's sixth-generation Core processors and recently announced seventh-generation Core processors. It's also built on a variant of Intel's 14-nanometer manufacturing technology. Ice Lake, on the other hand, is expected to represent a brand-new architecture. The chip is also likely to be manufactured in some variant of Intel's upcoming 10-nanometer process -- I would expect it to be the company's second generation 10-nanometer+ technology. Ice Lake is likely to offer a significant performance boost over Coffee Lake and be more power efficient to boot. Intel would certainly benefit from releasing Ice Lake as early as possible, as its personal-computer customers are likely to appreciate the added performance and features. Intel has cut product lines short in the past to bring out newer, better technologies, so if Ice Lake is ready for a launch in late 2018, I could see Intel going for it. However, Intel's execution when it comes to getting desktop processors out in a timely fashion still leaves much to be desired. Over the past several product generations, Intel has gotten chips out later than the company had previously expected, and the average time between two desktop processor generations is solidly north of a year. It would take some very good execution on Intel's part to keep Ice Lake on track for a 2018 launch, especially because Coffee Lake appears to have been delayed from the second half of 2017 to the first half of 2018. At this point, investors and consumers should just assume that Ice Lake for desktops will launch in 2019. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 11:22AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe ARM Gets OK to Spend Big on New Markets Under SoftBank Ownership Ian King More stories by Ian King October 25, 2016 — 12:58 PM EDT SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son explains view of ARM’s strengths Chip designer sees opportunity in market for connected devices SoftBank Group Corp. Chief Executive Officer Masayoshi Son urged the company’s recently acquired chip-designer unit ARM Holdings Plc to make long-term bets on new markets it couldn’t risk exploring when it was a stand-alone company. U.K.-based ARM, whose technology underpins almost all of the more than 1 billion smartphones shipped every year, has support to push ahead with efforts such as attempting to dent Intel Corp.’s domination of the lucrative server chip business and to bring more computing to products like automobiles, Son said Tuesday at a briefing ahead of ARM’s annual technology conference in Santa Clara, California. Son is in the U.S. explaining what ARM can expect from the ownership of the Japan-based communications giant. To get a return on the $32 billion he bet on the chip designer, SoftBank’s biggest acquisition, Son needs its offerings to become as important in a wide range of new markets as they have been in the slowing phone business. “Let me worry about the financial results and believe in the future direction and capability ARM has,” he said. “That’s what I really want ARM to do. Invest more for the future. That’s the key.” Son said his investment is motivated by his belief that computer processing is finally coming to rival the power of the human brain. That means industries such as transportation, health care and finance are going to be fundamentally changed, offering an opportunity for the company that provides the underlying technology. Dominant Rival ARM’s technology, dominant in phones, is increasingly being used in a wide range of devices from washing machines to drones to industrial robots that are being connected to the internet and given processing power. That still hasn’t helped ARM break into in one of the biggest markets for semiconductors: computers. Intel’s products are pervasive in personal computers and server chips, where it has a market share of more than 99 percent. Showing the benefits of its market heft, Intel’s data center division turned $4.5 billion of revenue into $2.1 billion of operating profit in the third quarter. On average, Intel’s peers in the semiconductor industry had an operating margin of less than half of that, at 20 percent, in the most recent quarter, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. ARM Chief Executive Officer Simon Segars is going to invest more in areas where his company hadn’t been spending enough -- such as software development -- to help his customers’ customers make the switch from Intel. ARM provides designs and licenses fundamental technology to companies such as Qualcomm Inc., which uses them to design and produce semiconductors. “That’s exactly the sort of thing that Masa wants us to do -- go invest heavily to grow new business and get more growth later,” Segars said in an interview, referring to Son. Improved Security Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Your daily must-read for the most important news in markets. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us – around the world. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter To take advantage of its broadest opportunity for growth, in the Internet of Things, ARM will need component providers and device makers to put more effort into security, Segars said. ARM this week is announcing new chip designs typically used for the smallest, lowest-power devices, that contain hardwired security components previously only found in more powerful processors. The designs and software ARM is offering as a service will help customers speed up the introduction of security into chips small enough to fit into something like a medical patch or fitness monitor, he said. “If IoT gets this rap of it being a big security threat, people just aren’t going to adopt it,” said Segars. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Populism Takes Over the World World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Trump Transition Slows as Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion How Trump Can Make Money Off the Secret Service Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Intel's Purley server platform won't use 3D XPoint memory by Eric Born  9:00 AM on October 26, 2016 Intel and Micron have been generating buzz for 3D XPoint, their upcoming non-volatile memory product. Rumors have been swirling about when this technology will be hitting the market. The latest rumor suggets we'll see 3D XPoint powering Optane memory modules before the end of the year. Other implementations of 3D XPoint appear to be delayed, however. In a recent earnings call, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said the new memory won't be a part of its next server platform. In the call, Krzanich says that Intel has been sampling a variety of server products to some of its "leading edge customers." In addition to talking about 3D XPoint, Krzanich mentions omni-path fabric and silicon photonics. However, it appears that 3D XPoint isn't yet ready for the big stage. He said, "there will be a second generation of [Purley Xeons] that includes 3D XPoint." Considering that the second generation of Purley isn't expected until 2018, it'll be a while before Intel ships 3D XPoint DIMMs for its Xeon processors. However, Krzanich did leave the door open for other 3D XPoint products in the meantime. In the conference call, he claims that the new memory will be qualified before the end of 2016. Intel's already shipping samples of 3D XPoint, and is expecting to ramp up production and see revenue growth for the product in 2017. While Intel is being coy about the details, it appears that we can expect to see 3D XPoint arrive in desktop products in 2017, and server products as early as 2018. Tags: Memory Servers Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
null
null
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Snap Inc secretly files for IPO valuing it at up to $25bn Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn It’s time for young researchers to have a voice How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES Intel reveals its latest Atom chips for IoT and smart cars by Colm Gorey 26 Oct 20167 Shares Smart car concept. Image: Syda Productions/Shutterstock Intel is doubling down on IoT with the launch of two new processors, which aim to be the backbone of a multitude of connected devices, as well as smart cars. The Atom series of processor was initially launched for use within the internet of things (IoT), but these latest processors from Intel are firmly aimed at applications on an industrial level. With just under twice the computing power of the previous generation, the E3900 Series is designed to enable faster memory speeds and memory bandwidth to allow companies to look past the fog, or fog computing to be exact. This refers to the process whereby the E3900 series chip would be able to determine in real time whether or not it can handle a bulk of processes on its own, or if it would share the load with a data centre. For media-rich applications, the chip will feature quad core processors capable of running up to 2.5GHz. It will manage graphics on three screens at the one time to make things easier for those managing a smart system. It also features four vector image-processing units; for better video quality in low light, noise reduction, and colour and detail preservation. Intel has also said the chip will be one of its fastest to date, with network accuracy to within a microsecond. The chip behind smart cars The second chip to be released is the A3900, which has the sole purpose of handling automotive applications. This includes in-vehicle infotainment (IVI), clusters of digital instruments, and the latest driver assist features that are being rolled out by many auto manufacturers. This new chip will offer a faster processing time for reversing sensors, bird’s-eye view parking or predicting imminent side collisions. It has an expected release date of Q1 2017. Intel will be hoping that these two new chips can boost the finances of its IoT and data centre technology. This sector was revealed last July to be experiencing slow growth, despite the fact Intel was banking on it to be its main focus in the future. The company took this decision back in April, as part of a $1.2bn restructuring that saw it cut 12,000 jobs in the process. However, the company has continued to make investments and acquisitions in IoT technology, including Ireland’s Movidius in September, having revealed plans to use the latter’s technology to provide computer vision and deep-learning solutions from the device to the cloud.   Related: Intel, internet of things, computer science, autotech, data centres Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Intel reports mixed Q2 as cloud and IoT strategy gets off to a rocky start 21 Jul 20164 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Working at the leading edge of IoT Innovation for mobility and the internet of things A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Jobs Cubic Telecom to create 60 new jobs to drive IoT future for Audi 27 Oct 2016121 Shares Enterprise The five-minute CIO: Brian Lillie, Equinix 22 Jul 2016286 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Start-ups Intel Capital leads investment of over $30m in VR and robotics start-ups 25 Oct 201611 Shares Machines 9 reasons why Ireland is the natural home for the internet of things 28 Jul 2016620 Shares Enterprise The five-minute CIO: Jonathan Bryce, OpenStack Foundation 5 Aug 2016116 Shares Latest News Snap Inc secretly files for IPO valuing it at up to $25bn 3 minutes ago Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption 15 hours ago Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing 15 hours ago Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn 15 hours ago It’s time for young researchers to have a voice 15 hours ago Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation 15 hours ago Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition 16 hours ago How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 19 hours ago New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine 19 hours ago Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? 20 hours ago Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ 21 hours ago 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 22 hours ago Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland 22 hours ago Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people 23 hours ago Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? 23 hours ago Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 23 hours ago Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers 23 hours ago Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news 23 hours ago Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland 1 day ago Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 1 day ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 1 day ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 1 day ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 1 day ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 1 day ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Intel Atom E3900 series processor for IoT announced Intel has announced Atom E3900 series processor to power Internet of Things (IoT). It features Intel’s ninth-generation graphics engine that improves 3-D graphics performance by 2.9 times over the previous generation and supports three independent displays. The E3900 series has four vector image processing units that offers better visibility, quality video in low light, noise reduction, and color and detail preservation. It also comes with the Intel Time Coordinated Computing Technology (Intel TCC Technology). It keeps systems of devices in sync in reduced latency across a wide variety of applications The E3900 Series is suitable for segments such as industrial, automotive, video, manufacturing, retail, and more. Intel is also offering an automotive grade processor specifically to address in-vehicle experiences called the Intel Atom processor A3900 series. Intel is collaborating with a IoT device and equipment manufacturers, software vendors and OEMs who will use the E3900 processor in different industries. Intel Atom processor E3900 series will include the following SKUs: Intel Atom x5-E3930 processor Intel Atom x5-E3940 processor Intel® Atom™ x7-E3950 processor Intel says devices will come to market utilizing the new Intel Atom processor E3900 series starting around Q2 2017. "Intel Atom E3900 series processor for IoT announced", 5 out of 5 based on 9 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on October 26, 2016Categories News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Samsung Galaxy S8 could feature optical fingerprint recognition Next Next post: LeEco Diwali offers from Oct 26 to 30: Offers on smartphones and Super3 TVs Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Seagate introduces 5TB world’s largest capacity portable hard disk Google PhotoScan app will digitize your old printed photos Reliance Jio to launch 4G VoLTE feature phones under Rs. 1500 with unlimited voice, video calling OnePlus 3T prices compared across the world OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 – What’s Different OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821, 16MP front and rear cameras, up to 128GB storage announced starting at $439 OnePlus 3T briefly appears on official site; 16MP front camera, 3400mAh battery, new Gunmetal color confirmed Apple working on AR smartglass, WhatsApp rolls out video calling and more – FoneArena Daily ‘Designed by Apple in California’ book with 450 Apple product images released for $299 iBall MusiTap Bluetooth headset with FM Radio, microSD support launched for Rs. 1325 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
indiatimes logo News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending #Breathless indiatimes logo Menu Facebook The iPhone 7 And 7 Plus That Apple Sells In India Are Slower Than Those Sold Abro... Share facebook twitter reddit facebook twitter search X Loading...... Load more Home News India World Sports Weird Lifestyle Self Style Tech Who we are Travel Food Entertainment Bollywood Celebscoop Hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Videos Sports Trending #Breathless Follow indiatimes facebook twitter     TRENDING TODAY Love Music?These Are The 11 Best Coke Studio Songs That You Need On Your Playlist Right Now Downloading Movies And Shows From Foreign Sites? Get Ready For A New 15% Tax This Is The Story Of A Woman Who Didn't Let Donald Trump Start His First Project In India! When Obama Met Trump, It Was The Most Awkward Meeting In The History Now That Trump Has Won, Here Are 8 Things You Should Consider Before Travelling To The US close Home > lifestyle > tech The iPhone 7 And 7 Plus That Apple Sells In India Are Slower Than Those Sold Abroad! Robin Sinha October 26, 2016 7.1k facebook twitter reddit It seems like there's more to Apple's new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones than meets the eye. For those unaware, the company has launched two versions of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. While some of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets use Qualcomm baseband modems, others feature Intel baseband modems. That can't be a problem, right? BCCL Well, not exactly. According to a new study by Cellular Insights website, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models that have Intel modems are slower than the variants with Qualcomm modems. The website, after extensively testing the two versions of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, came to the conclusion that the new iPhones with Intel's XMM7360 modem consistently performed slower than the iPhones having Qualcomm's MDM9645M modem in terms of LTE throughput. The website further states that on testing LTE performance at different distances from a cell tower, roughly 30% gap was found between the two variants. At their worst, the Intel-based iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were about 40Mbps slower than their Qualcomm-toting counterparts. BCCL However, it's also mentioned that both variants perform the same in good network conditions. Thus, the test results differ only when there is poor network coverage. It is worth mentioning that the Intel baseband modem-based iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus versions come with GSM/WCDMA/LTE support, while the Qualcomm baseband modem-based variants support GSM/CDMA/WCDMA/TD-SCDMA/LTE connectivity bands. We contacted Apple Support regarding the matter. Apple Support confirmed that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus that are being sold in India come with Intel baseband modems. AFP The model numbers that are sold in India are A1778 (iPhone 7) and A1784 (iPhone 7 Plus). In the United States, the unlocked iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus sold through Verizon and Sprint have Qualcomm modems. On the other hand, multiple reports claim that carrier-locked devices sold by T-Mobile and AT&T feature Intel modems. Apple, however, claims that the connectivity speeds in India and in other countries are the same. Originally Published in the Times Of India 7.1k facebook twitter reddit Comment Here ADVERTISEMENT Follow @indiatimes Next on Indiatimes Lifestyle: Mahindra To Bring Back The Legendary Jawa Motorcycle Brand To India! Spotlight PARTNER 6 Ways Your Bridesmaid Can Help You Keep Calm On The Big Day PARTNER Love Music?These Are The 11 Best Coke Studio Songs That You Need On Your Playlist Right Now PARTNER 5 Extraordinary People Who Beat All Odds And Chased Their Dreams Actor, Model, Politician Gul Panag Is Now A Pilot And Yes, It's For Real! Love Music?These Are The 11 Best Coke Studio Songs That You Need On Your Playlist Right Now Trending Love Music?These Are The 11 Best Coke Studio Songs That You Need On Your Playlist Right Now 12.7k Shares Downloading Movies And Shows From Foreign Sites? Get Ready For A New 15% Tax 39.6k Shares This Is The Story Of A Woman Who Didn't Let Donald Trump Start His First Project In India! 52.4k Shares When Obama Met Trump, It Was The Most Awkward Meeting In The History 61.2k Shares Now That Trump Has Won, Here Are 8 Things You Should Consider Before Travelling To The US 10.8k Shares     Our Channels News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending Sections india world sports weird self style Tech who we are travel food bollywood celebscoop hollywood Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Photogallery Indiatimes Lifestyle Network MENS XP iDiva Luxury Ask Men Pursuitist Specials #FRONTLINES #GOFORGOLD #INDIANAMA Other Sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider ZoomTv Gizmodo Lifehacker IGN BoxTV Gaana Online Shopping Techradar Daily Deals Gitanjali Shop Satvik Shop WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Filmfare Femina Mobile Greetings Follo Jobs Property Astrology Speaking Tree Matrimonial iTimes Ads2book TcNext Romedy Now About us Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us ABOUT INDIATIMES Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS Copyright © 2016 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved Archive | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Indiatimes Mobile | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet Intel's new Atom processor is another shift away from the desktop PC world By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Oct 26, 2016 9:29 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel has announced its two new Atom processor lines, with the E3900 series aimed at connected devices and wearables, while the A3900 series is for smart auto apps, reports Engadget.     Intel's new E3900 will be the main member of its IoT products, aimed at applications in many different industries, which is capable of prioritizing which processes to perform itself and which to send over to the datacenter, a strategy that's called fog computing. Intel will have its Atom E3900 series in quad-core form at up to 2.5GHz, and these chips will handle graphics on up to three screens at once.   The A3900 series has Intel aiming at the automotive industry in wide-ranging areas from in-car entertainment, digital instrument clusters, and even advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS). Intel won't be launching the Atom A3900 series until Q1 2017.   Intel is also working with IoT device creators and software vendors like Delphi, FAW, Neusoft and Hikvision - with thew Atom processors set to be used in a massive variety of products in the coming years.   NEWS SOURCES:Engadget.com Recommended for You Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production AMD's next-gen 'Horned Owl' APU arrives in 2017 >> NEXT STORY: Scientists think they've received signals from aliens << PREVIOUS STORY: WikiLeaks: Apple gives customers' data to governments Related Tags Intel Intel Atom Atom processor Intel Internet of Things Intel IOT Delphi Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU Linksys WRT3200ACM ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1266 25 21 507 947 18 178 291 99 71 726 316 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events November's Black Tag Specials Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Motherboards >  Intel Motherboards >  GIGABYTE >  Item#: N82E16813128930 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … GIGABYTE GA-H110M-S2H (rev. 1.0) LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Intel H110 Core i7 / i5 / i3 / Pentium / Celeron (LGA1151) DDR4 2133 LOADING... GIGABYTE GA-H110M-S2H (rev. 1.0) LGA 1151 Intel H110 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Based on the latest Intel H110 chipset, the Gigabyte GA-H110M-S2H motherboard is a great blend of quality and features. User-friendly priced, it offers a great entry point for you to enjoy the power and features of the state-of-the-art 6th generation Intel Core processor in LGA 1151 packaging. With dual-channel DDR4 support, 8-channel HD Audio with high quality audio capacitors, GbE LAN, and three onboard video outputs (HDMI 1.4, DVI-D, D-sub), this motherboard is absolutely the ultimate platform for your office or home build. Supports 6th Generation Intel Core Processor Dual Channel DDR4, 2 DIMMs 8-channel HD Audio with High Quality Audio Capacitors Audio Noise Guard with LED Trace Path Lighting HDMI 1.4, DVI-D, D-sub ports for multiple display Realtek GbE LAN with cFosSpeed Internet Accelerator Software All new GIGABYTE APP Center, simple and easy use Support Intel Small Business Basics GIGABYTE Ultra Durable Motherboards GIGABYTE 100 series motherboards support the latest 6th Generation Intel Core processor, a 14nm desktop CPU which features improved performance, power efficiency and support for DDR4 memory, bringing cutting edge features and ultimate performance to your next PC build. Humidity Protection with Glass Fabric PCB There is nothing more harmful to the longevity of your PC than moisture, and most parts of the world experience moisture in the air as humidity at some point during the year. GIGABYTE motherboards have been designed to make sure that humidity is never an issue, incorporating a new Glass Fabric PCB technology that repels moisture caused by humid and damp conditions. Glass Fabric PCB technology uses a new PCB material which reduces the amount of space between the fiber weave, making it much more difficult for moisture to penetrate compared to traditional motherboard PCBs. This offers much better protection from short circuit and system malfunction caused by humid and damp conditions. High ESD Ethernet & USB Port Protection GIGABYTE motherboards raise the bar in terms of protecting your system, providing advanced electrostatic discharge (ESD) protection for both your Ethernet LAN and USB ports, both common sources of ESD-related failures. With pairing the dedicated protection filters, the Ethernet LAN and USB ports can withstand high electrostatic discharges, protecting your system from common electrical surges and even direct lighting strikes. High Temperature Protection of Lower RDS(on) MOSFETs Design GIGABYTE motherboards use Low RDS(on) MOSFETs which reduce energy wastage through unnecessary residual heat dissipation. This all amounts to tangible energy savings which are beneficial for both end-users and the environment without impacting system performance. Realtek GbE LAN with cFosSpeed Internet Accelerator Software Realtek GbE LAN features cFosSpeed, a network traffic management application which helps to improve network latency and maintain low ping times to delivery better responsiveness in a crowded LAN environments. Realtek GbE consumes significant less power when it’s in idle state in comparison with others. High Quality Onboard Audio Design Delivers high quality sound resolution and sound expansion to create the most realistic sound effects for professional users. * The photos below are for reference only. High Quality Audio Capacitors Audio Noise Guard with LED Trace Path Lighting USB 3.0 Ports Onboard With superfast transfer rates of up to 5 Gbps, users are able to experience an almost a 10x improvement over USB 2.0. Additionally, backwards compatibility with USB 2.0 assures users legacy USB 2.0 devices will still work. * USB 3.0 10x performance is a maximum theoretical value. Actual performance may vary by system configuration. High Definition Digital Outputs Enjoy true HD display capability using the most commonly integrated digital output technologies on today’s HD displays and TVs. * Support for up to 2 displays at the same time. 4K Ultra HD Support 4K resolution is the next technological milestone in high-definition content delivery, utilizing approximately 4,000 pixels on the horizontal axis, more than four times today's standard HD pixel quantity. GIGABYTE motherboards provide native 4K support with integrated Intel HD Graphics via HDMI. HDMI - The Next Generation Multimedia Interface HDMI is a High-Definition Multimedia Interface which provides up to 5Gb/s video transmitting bandwidth and 8-channel high quality audio all through a single cable. Able to transmit superior, uncompressed digital video and audio, HDMI ensures the crispest rendering of digital content up to 1080p without the quality losses associated with analog interfaces and their digital-to-analog conversion. In addition, HDMI is compatible with HDCP (High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection), allowing the playback of Blu-ray/HD DVD and other protected media content. Intel Small Business Basics With 6th Generation Intel Core Processor Security and Productivity Solution with built in IT New compelling usages in one intuitive Customizable UI Learn more about the GIGABYTE GA-H110M-S2H (rev. 1.0) Model| Brand GIGABYTE Model GA-H110M-S2H (rev. 1.0) Supported CPU| CPU Socket Type LGA 1151 CPU Type Core i7 / i5 / i3 / Pentium / Celeron (LGA1151) Chipsets| Chipset Intel H110 Onboard Video| Onboard Video Chipset Integrated Graphics Processor - Intel HD Graphics support: 1 x D-Sub port, supporting a maximum resolution of 1920x1200@60 Hz 1 x DVI-D port, supporting a maximum resolution of 1920x1200@60 Hz * The DVI-D port does not support D-Sub connection by adapter. 1 x HDMI port, supporting a maximum resolution of 4096x2160@24 Hz * Support for HDMI 1.4 version. Support for up to 2 displays at the same time Maximum shared memory of 512MB Memory| Number of Memory Slots 2×288pin Memory Standard DDR4 2133 Maximum Memory Supported 32GB Channel Supported Dual Channel Expansion Slots| PCI Express 3.0 x16 1 x PCI Express x16 slot, running at x16 (PCIEX16) (The PCI Express x16 slot conforms to PCI Express 3.0 standard.) PCI Express x1 2 x PCI Express x1 slots (All of the PCI Express x1 slots conform to PCI Express 2.0 standard.) Storage Devices| SATA 6Gb/s 4 x SATA 6Gb/s Onboard Audio| Audio Chipset Realtek ALC887 Audio Channels 2/4/5.1/7.1-channel * To configure 7.1-channel audio, you have to use an HD front panel audio module and enable the multi-channel audio feature through the audio driver. Onboard LAN| LAN Chipset Realtek GbE LAN chip Max LAN Speed 10/100/1000Mbps Rear Panel Ports| PS/2 1 x PS/2 mouse port 1 x PS/2 Keyboard port Video Ports 1 x D-Sub port 1 x DVI-D port HDMI 1 x HDMI RJ45 1 x RJ45 USB 3.0 2 x USB 3.0 USB 1.1/2.0 4 x USB 2.0 Audio Ports 3 x audio jacks (Line In, Line Out, Mic In) Internal I/O Connectors| Onboard USB 1 x USB 3.0/2.0 header 2 x USB 2.0/1.1 headers Other Connectors 1 x 24-pin ATX main power connector 1 x 8-pin ATX 12V power connector 1 x CPU fan header 1 x system fan header 1 x front panel header 1 x front panel audio header 1 x S/PDIF Out header 1 x Trusted Platform Module (TPM) header 1 x serial port header 1 x Clear CMOS jumper Physical Spec| Form Factor Micro ATX Dimensions (W x L) 8.90" x 6.85" Power Pin 24 Pin Features| Features I/O Controller - iTE I/O Controller Chip H/W Monitoring - System voltage detection - CPU/System temperature detection - CPU/System fan speed detection - CPU/System overheating warning - CPU/System fan fail warning - CPU/System fan speed control * Whether the fan speed control function is supported will depend on the cooler you install. BIOS - 1 x 64 Mbit flash - Use of licensed AMI UEFI BIOS - PnP 1.0a, DMI 2.7, WfM 2.0, SM BIOS 2.7, ACPI 5.0 Unique Features - Support for APP Center * Available applications in APP Center may differ by motherboard model. Supported functions of each application may also differ depending on motherboard specifications. 3D OSD @BIOS AutoGreen Cloud Station EasyTune Fast Boot Smart TimeLock Smart Keyboard Smart Backup System Information Viewer USB Blocker - Support for Q-Flash - Support for Smart Switch - Support for Xpress Install Bundle Software - Norton Internet Security (OEM version) - cFosSpeed Operating System - Support for Windows 10/8.1 64-bit - Support for Windows 7 32-bit/64-bit * Please download the "Windows USB Installation Tool" from GIGABYTE's website and install it before installing Windows 7. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 3 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 3 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.gigabyte.us| Support Phone: 1-626-854-9338 Support Website| View other products from GIGABYTE Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund until: January 31, 2017 Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Get Educated Make informed decisions with expert advice. Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   CANDI Press Release Receive press releases from CANDI: By Email RSS Feeds: CANDI Integrates with Intel® Building Management Platform to Provide Edge-to-Cloud IoT Data Access CANDI PowerTools software offers seamless, secure access to legacy and new Internet of Things (IoT) devices and data within smart buildings. San Francisco, CA, October 26, 2016 --(PR.com)-- CANDI today announced that its PowerTools software has been integrated with the Intel® Building Management Platform (Intel® BMP), which is now available. Intel® BMP is a manageable IoT platform with built-in security that enables cloud-based smart building applications and services with easy access to the data and things in small to mid-sized buildings. CANDI-enabled gateways simplify smart building deployments by making it quick and easy—and often automatic—to integrate smart products such as meters, switches, thermostats, lights, sensors, cameras, and building controls. The PowerTools device and data management platform bridges the most popular building IoT protocols, providing secure and easy access to normalized data through standard APIs. “The IoT is rapidly expanding across industries. In the facilities and energy management markets, robust new solutions for smart buildings such as the Intel® BMP are industry-changers,” said CANDI CEO Steve Raschke. “CANDI PowerTools software provides the bridge between the Intel® BMP and the end applications that make buildings smart and connected. We make it easy to access and use more data from more devices, with a cost-effective, cloud-based solution.” CANDI’s bidirectional edge-to-cloud data services enable an ecosystem of partners to provide comprehensive solutions for energy and facilities management, remote monitoring and control, predictive maintenance, and other compelling smart building applications. Traditionally, the high cost of building management systems (BMS) has been difficult to justify for 90 percent of North America’s commercial buildings that are under 100,000 square feet. But the proliferation of low-cost, advanced IoT technologies and open, cloud-based platforms are transforming building automation technology. Until now, the challenge has been bridging disparate legacy and IoT protocols to make smart building capabilities cost effective and easy to deploy for the small to mid-market. Easy-to-Deploy Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Platform Accelerates Solution Providers’ Time to Revenue PowerTools software includes easy-to-use discovery and management tools that enable integrators to quickly find and provision hundreds of installed devices to collect data, and bridge systems across a wide and growing range of protocols. The software also provides unique two-way communication capabilities to unlock remote control and management of building systems for cloud-based provisioning, monitoring, and control. This Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform reduces development time and effort for solution providers with a pre-integrated building management platform that helps them quickly deploy, monitor, and maintain data and devices for complete smart building applications. As a result, solution providers can quickly offer exciting new solutions that scale across more sites, reduce cost of deployment, access more data, and deliver new services to new markets. For more information on CANDI PowerTools, visit: www.candicontrols.com For more information on the Intel® Building Management Platform, visit: www.intel.com/bmp About CANDI CANDI is disrupting the cost and scalability limitations of the smart building market. Its innovative, open technology easily and cost-effectively connects devices and data to the services that create smart buildings. CANDI PowerTools software is built into leading, low-cost Internet of Things (IoT) gateways, enabling building managers, smart building systems integrators, and enterprise service providers to instantly integrate communication with legacy building systems and next-generation IoT sensors and devices. CANDI handles the complex protocol and networking problems required to integrate smart device communications and provides a secure cloud operations center so that customers can deploy and manage multiple locations and assets using popular smart building services—quickly, easily, and with significant ROI. For more information, visit www.candicontrols.com or email info@candicontrols.com. Contact Information CANDI Angie Hatfield, Hughes Communications, Inc., Media Relations 425-941-2895 Contact https://candicontrols.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from CANDI Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
null
Menu Passcode Search Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscribe Search Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscribe Save Saved Login / Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription offer Subscription offer World USA Commentary Business Energy / Environment Technology Science Culture Books Take Action Passcode Modern field guide to security and privacy Data breaches at healthcare companies, hospitals, and insurance providers sometimes result in the sale of stolen data online. Anthem health insurance announced last year that nearly 80 million people were affected by the hack on their systems. Gus Ruelas/Reuters | Caption Stolen medical data on the cheap after waves of healthcare hacks Security Buyers and sellers on the digital underground are trading healthcare records databases for as much as $200,000, according to a report from Intel Security. And that's at a discount.  Jeff Stone @jeffstone500 October 26, 2016 —Cybercriminals are selling databases of stolen medical records at a discount perhaps due to a glut of pilfered patient information available on underground web markets, according to a report from Intel Security.  While the report, released Wednesday, underscores the demand for stolen medical records, it also shows how easy it is for criminals to obtain hacked patient information. Medical records, after all, provide digital thieves with a roadmap for stealing someone's identity by including a range of sensitive information that's impossible to change, such as their family medical history. The research should also serve as a warning for medical providers to better secure patient data and defend their systems against cyberattacks, say experts. "As a patient, if I trust you with my medical care, I also need to trust you to protect that information," said Raj Samani, chief technology officer at Intel Security. "You have to trust other people at a certain point but at a certain point we do need to ask, 'What are you doing with my data? ' " On one underground market called the Real Deal, for instance, buyers can purchase information about individuals' insurance companies, Social Security Numbers, and other information for between $14 and $25 per record. A June 2016  report from Dell SecureWorks indicated that individual patient records, known as "fullz" in the underground markets, went for between $15 and $65.  Follow Passcode! Cybersecurity news and analysis delivered straight to your inbox. One database of healthcare records stolen from an unknown provider in Atlanta, Ga., purportedly included information on 397,000 patients for 300 bitcoin (about $200,000). The Intel researchers also found databases that claimed to offer records on 210,000 patients from Oklahoma City, Okla,. and 48,000 patients from Farmington, Mo., for 85 bitcoin ($55,000) and 30 bitcoin ($20,000), respectively. The databases appear to be the  same ones uncovered by Deep Dot Web in June, and their authenticity could not be immediately verified. If the databases are indeed the same, they can be purchased now for a lower rate than in the summer. In June, the Farmington records were priced at 151 bitcoin, the Georgia records at 608 bitcoin, and a database of 210,000 records from a provider in the "Central/Midwest United States," likely Oklahoma, was available for 304 bitcoin. One way to keep criminals from getting access to sensitive medical records is to strengthen authentication systems that protect medical records, said Michael Kaiser, chief executive of the National Cybersecurity Alliance. "The focus on credentials and access to these records needs to be on top of everybody's mind," said Mr. Kaiser. "Organizations need to ask themselves, 'What does it take to access these records from the outside?' Better credentials protect those networks better." Other experts say the government needs to step in to compel healthcare companies to take more steps to safeguard patient data.  "I don't think this is going to slow down until the government puts some sort of measures in place, particularly on the federal side," said Dodi Glenn, vice president of cybersecurity at the security scanning company PC Pitstop, who suggested a security version of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, better known as HIPAA, which aims to protect patients' medical confidentiality. "I don't think I'll see anything like that in my lifetime," he said. "But if there was another magic bullet, we would have used it already." Follow Passcode! Cybersecurity news and analysis delivered straight to your inbox. Next Up First Look Cyberattack on Hollywood hospital exposes vulnerability of digital records By Lucy Schouten Why California hospital paid a $17,000 ransom in bitcoin By Christina Beck Saving Money Mt. Gox files for bankruptcy: what to keep in mind when using Bitcoin (+video) By Angela Colley Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
null


null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Marc Benioff Business Benioff on being hacked: We're looking into some next-gen fax machines Salesforce CEO talks diversity, investments and, yes, making the world a better place Salesforce CEO Benioff, saving the world again (Pic: Wikimedia) 26 Oct 2016 at 00:30, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Samsung ties Thread into two new IoT Artik chips Benioff on being hacked: We're looking into some next-gen fax machines That time Brian Krzanich had dinner with Elon Musk, Marc Benioff, David Blaine and Lars from Metallica Marc Benioff is many things. But a whiner is not one of them. Asked on stage today at the Intel Capital Global Summit about the hack of Salesforce board member Colin Powell and the resulting release of the company's highly confidential mergers and acquisition strategy, Benioff was surprisingly upbeat. "On one level, it was great: our investors saw that we run a clean ship. And that our M&A strategy is well thought through." Indeed it is: the 60-page internal presentation showed that Salesforce was looking at 14 possible companies ranging from Adobe (cost: $53.7bn) to automation software company Pegasystems – a steal at just $2.3bn. It was a thoroughly professional job, as you can see for yourself. "We are in somewhat unchartered territory though, when a board member of a public company has his email hacked and board-level strategies are made public documents," Benioff noted. "It's a little uncomfortable." Asked what he was doing in response, he joked: "We're buying fax machines. We see a big opportunity in next-generation fax machines." It's not the only area where the larger-than-life CEO finds conflicts cropping up. Salesforce has managed to protect its hold on the market for customer-facing CRM (customer relationship management) software through a number of smart moves, not least of which was turning its cloud software into a platform and encouraging others to build their applications on top of it. That has occasionally resulted in the odd situation where the company ends up competing with its own customers and sometimes with itself. "It's always an uncomfortable situation," confesses Benioff. His solution? "Our number one thing is to provide a fair playing field." He gives the example of a company Salesforce acquired (SteelBrick), which operated in the same space as one it had invested in. The solution? Point out to the second company that there's plenty of space outside of SteelBrick's specialist field. Benioff also acts as an angel investor in startups and has in the past found himself with shares in a company that Salesforce intends to buy. In one case, he simple gave his shares to the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) before the company bought it. But now, he admitted, he has to run every potential investment past the Salesforce board before he can act. Why UCSF? Because it is one of the many organizations that Benioff has given hundreds of millions of dollars to over the nearly two decades he has been in charge of the CRM juggernaut – you can see his name on the sides of children's hospitals in the Bay Area in return. Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Next page: Charidee Page: 1 2 Next → Tips and corrections Post a comment More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Intel throws the ball long with sports, VR and IoT cash injections Chip giant puts $38m into next generation of digital tech 2016 has been a garbage fire. But 2017's looking up – there'll be loads of IPOs, beams Intel Head of chip giant's VC arm bullish about exits 2 Comments Intel puts cash behind Wi-Fi-first smartmobes Chipzilla funds FreedomPop to get its SoFIA silicon into more mobes 3 Comments You're right to fear a second dot-com crash, says Intel VC boss ICGS Chip giant's investment wing looks abroad as tech bubble grows 9 Comments Intel and pals toss coins at party in the cloud, business at the back startup Making it rain while it thinks of X86? 2 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Hardware ain't hard, money is: Crowdfunding, bootstraps and startups Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Subscribe Xconomy Intersect → ▾ Xconomy San Diego Xperience Tech + Life▾ The Elmendorf Tech Complex in a San Antonio Coffee Plant: Slideshow Missed a Live Virtual Reality Show? AltspaceVR Now Has Reruns GetHuman Arms Itself With $3M to Fight Customer Service Battles Resilient Coders Tackles Tech Diversity Issues, One Person at a Time You May Have Helped Crash the Internet. But How Would You Know? View More in Xperience › EXOME Biotech + Health▾ With New Data, Medicines Co. Takes Long-Lasting Heart Drug to Phase 3 Struggling UniQure Cuts Gene Therapies, Jobs, in Big Restructuring Prytime Medical Gets OK to Sell Anti-Hemorrhaging Device in Europe Corbus Shares Climb on Early Data For Inflammation Drug Bio Roundup: Trump’s Triumph, Election Fallout, CRISPR Arguments & More View More in EXOME › Our Regions▾ Boston › Obamacare's Future Under Trump? Learn More at Xconomy Healthtech Event Thursday View More in Boston › Boulder/Denver › With Reverse Merger, Miragen to Go Public, Get $40M Boost From Investors View More in Boulder/Denver › Detroit/Ann Arbor › Genomenon, Brio Device Score $400K from U-M's Biomedical Seed Fund View More in Detroit/Ann Arbor › Indiana › Plymouth Ventures Leads Kinney Group's Growth Funding Round View More in Indiana › New York › With New Data, Medicines Co. Takes Long-Lasting Heart Drug to Phase 3 View More in New York › Raleigh-Durham › Elanco Leads $8.5M Investment in RTP’s AgTech Accelerator View More in Raleigh-Durham › San Diego › Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 View More in San Diego › San Francisco › Missed a Live Virtual Reality Show? AltspaceVR Now Has Reruns View More in San Francisco › Seattle › Washington Scientists Forge Ahead Amid Uncertainty View More in Seattle › Texas › Geekdom Fund Raising Up to $15M For Second Startup Investment Fund View More in Texas › Wisconsin › Arrowhead Stock Falls After FDA Places Hold on Clinical Trial View More in Wisconsin › Tech Channels ▾ Agtech and Food› Mayonnaise Wrestling, Flavor Fanaticism, and Social Media on Steroids: The Bacon Salt Story View More in Agtech and Food › Cleantech› Xconomy’s Disruptors Houston Conference Showcases Texas Innovators View More in Cleantech › Cybersecurity› Why Friday’s Massive DDoS Attack Should Be Terrifying View More in Cybersecurity › Education› Seattle Week in Review: Private Funding for Public Universities View More in Education › EXOME: Biotech + Health› Veritas Genetics Lands $30M for $1,000 Genome Sequencing View More in EXOME › Fintech› Boston Tech Deals: Nokia, Altiostar, Gridco, Virtudent, & More View More in Fintech › Healthtech› Roundup: Naturalicious, Ford STEAM Lab, MedHealth Summit & More View More in Healthtech › Robotics and A.I.› New Leader at Intel Capital Adjusts Strategy as Global Summit Opens View More in Robotics and A.I. › Startups› Seattle Week in Review: Amazon, AI, and Slipping Earth’s Gravity View More in Startups › Xperience: Tech + Life› From Robo Doctors to Mood Trackers, Emotion Sensing Is Coming View More in Xperience › Meet the Xconomists ▾ Brooks Bell Founder and CEO of Brooks Bell Inc. Andy Liu Co-Founder, BuddyTV Andy Palmer CEO and Co-Founder, Tamr Alan McGlade Founder and Managing Director of DEV Meet All the Xconomists › Alexander Wong Managing Director, D.E. Shaw and Co., L.P. Ben Elowitz Co-Founder and CEO, Wetpaint Andrea Califano Professor of Systems Biology, Columbia University Alan Frazier Founder and Managing Partner, Frazier Healthcare Ventures Our Events ▾ November 17, 2016 · Boston Xconomy Presents: What’s Hot in Boston Healthtech December 6, 2016 · San Francisco Xconomy Presents: State of the Biotech Union December 8, 2016 · Seattle Xconomy Intersect: Innovating Where Disciplines Collide All Xconomy Events › Boston Events › Boulder/Denver Events › Detroit/Ann Arbor Events › Indiana Events › New York Events › Raleigh-Durham Events › San Diego Events › San Francisco Events › Seattle Events › Texas Events › Wisconsin Events › San Diego Home San Diego Events Archives Xconomists X Lists VC / M&A Deals New Leader at Intel Capital Adjusts Strategy as Global Summit Opens Bruce V. Bigelow October 25th, 2016 @bvbigelow @xconomy Like Us Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints Intel Capital has invested $38 million in 12 technology startups since July, highlighting its venture investment focus on innovations in self-driving cars and machine vision, the Internet of Things, sports and health, drones, and virtual reality. The recent funding deals that Intel Capital laid out in San Diego Monday, on the first day of its 17th annual global summit, also reflect the strategic thinking of Wendell Brooks, who took the helm at Intel Capital about a year ago as longtime president Arvind Sodhani retired. Intel Capital is the corporate venture and deal-making arm of Santa Clara, CA-based semiconductor and technology giant Intel (NASDAQ: INTC). Brooks joined the division in 2014 after spending 23 years as an investment banker in Europe and the United States, but his strategic vision for the future of digital technology and computing is only now becoming manifest. In an interview last year, for example, Brooks voiced his enthusiasm for investments in automotive-related technologies like advanced driver assist systems and 3-D camera technology—and his interests were reflected in several deals Intel Capital disclosed Monday: —Perrone Robotics, based in Charlottesville, VA, has been developing a software platform for autonomous vehicles and general robotics that founding CEO Paul Perrone said would be to robotics what Windows is to computers and Android is to smartphones. —Embodied, based in Pasadena, CA, and founded by USC computer science professors Paolo Pirjanian (the former iRobot CTO) and Maja Matarić, are developing robots to care for people. —Chronocam, based in Paris, France, has been developing computer vision technology that mimics the biology of the eye for use in self-driving cars and IoT devices. Including the 12 startups highlighted yesterday, an Intel Capital spokesman said his organization has invested $291 million in 31 new companies so far this year, with another $155 million put into 53 follow-on deals (for a total of nearly $447 million). That’s roughly the same investment pace as 2015, when Intel Capital invested a total of $514 million in 63 new companies and 79 follow-on deals. Brooks said he is looking to invest between $400 million and $500 million a year in tech startups that currently lie just beyond the “virtuous cycle of growth,” but whose technologies Intel Capital expects to become more widely adopted in the future. The idea is to invest in startups that are not already part of Intel’s corporate business units, which comprise everything from cloud and data center technologies to the Internet of Things and mobile devices. “We think of the virtuous cycle as the way things are going to work five years from now,” Brooks said in an afternoon keynote address to some 1,100 executives and entrepreneurs who attended the summit. But Brooks said Intel Capital should focus its investments on disruptive technologies that lie just beyond Intel’s core business strategy. “We need to be on a path-finding mission to find tangential investments,” he told reporters. “We’re aligned, but not overlapping, is the way I like to look at it.” In a significant change, Brooks said he wants to … Next Page » Single PageCurrently on Page: 1 2 Bruce V. Bigelow is the editor of Xconomy San Diego. You can e-mail him at bbigelow@xconomy.com or call (619) 669-8788 Follow @bvbigelow Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from Xconomy Mega Deals (Like Uber) Boost Venture Funding to $13B 2013 VC Funding Tops $29B, and Software Continues to Eat the World First-Quarter VC Activity Buoyant at $12.1 Billion, & Top 10 Deals Trending on Xconomy Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable 12 San Diego Life Sciences Startups to Watch in 2016 X Xconomy Intersect: Innovating Where Disciplines Collide Join us December 8 for a unique view of the crossroads from which the next big idea may emerge December 8, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation Connect with Xconomy Xconomy on Demand Did you miss something? Don't despair… Xconomy offers a number of ways to subscribe for free! Subscribe Now Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Will the Next Generation of Computers be Crowdsourced? Maybe By Doug Mohney October 25, 2016 If you have any doubts that the world of PC design has stagnated – looking at you Apple, Dell, HP, Lenovo, and whoever else is left standing this week – the current wave of crowdsourced projects in bringing hardware from ideas to reality confirms it.  But it's an open question if crowdsourced designs can be more than boutique experiments where major manufacturers fear to tread. Exhibit A for the crowd sourcing wave is Eve V, a 2-in-1 tablet scheduled to be available for order on Indiegogo November 21 with the production devices shipping to customers "in the first few months" of 2017. The Eve community which contributed to setting specifications will get a shot at ordering one of an initial run of 500 units through Indiegogo. Yes, that's not a typo, 500 units available worldwide. I suspect this number may get bumped up by a zero or two, depending on Indiegogo demand. With about a month to go, Eve hasn't set pricing or final specifications, but the community of discussion has bubbled up a design around a 7th generation Intel Core M/Core i - Y series; 8 or 16 GB of RAM; SSD options of 128, 256, and/or 512GB; a touch screen of 12 inches with more details "TBA"; a N-Trig pen/stylus that's Windows Ink compatible; a wireless keyboard with "more TBA"; and battery life around 10 hours for daily use with exact size "TBA."  Other specs bandied about include support for USB Type-C, couple of other USB 3.1 ports, detachable keyboard, 3.5mm audio jack, a case machined out of aluminum, kick-stand for the screen and a fingerprint sensor built into the power button. A lot of "TBA" going on makes me wonder how long it is going to take between order placement and delivery if specs haven't been finalized yet. Eve's website says the Eve V development is "fully funded" with Indiegogo users paying for manufacturing. Intel has invested and is providing engineering design, says the Finnish start-up, but how much money is going in has yet to be announced other than "six figures".  Intel Capital doesn't do a deal less than multiple millions, so a $1 million to $5 million R&D investment is non-trivial.                    Image via Bigstock I'm not sure if you can create a sustainable business by selling 500 units at a time.  At an average order of $1500 per device, you're talking $750,000 before materials and production costs.  On the other hand, you don't have the traditional sales and marketing overhead, so maybe it is a wash. Eve is following the path of the Android-based Superbook project currently making its way out of Kickstarter into production.  The Andronium OS and Superbook launched this summer, raising nearly $3 million dollars from over 16,700 backers, with the initial concept dating back to December 2014 with a simpler Andronium "dock" station bringing together a stand/charger for an Android phone, HDMI display port and 3 full size USB ports. Feedback from the Kickstarter Andronium dock shaped the Superbook and its simple concept. Simply load the Andronium app onto an Android smartphone and connect the Superbook "shell" with a USB cable to get a fully functionally laptop.  I'd call the "shell" a Chromebook, but it doesn't have a processor or memory.  All the compute power and storage reside in your phone, making the Superbook just a 11.6 inch display connected to a keyboard with a multi-touch touchpad and android navigation keys, plus a large battery, so you can charge up your smartphone while doing the things you'd normally do with a laptop. Early supports put down $85 to get a Superbook, a custom USB-OTG cable, and a charging adapter in January, while most regular supports are going to see shipments in February 2017 onward and have paid anywhere from $99 to $159 to get the Superbook, a custom cord bundle, beta access club membership, and a universal side mount for smartphones. If you want to order a Superbook now, the basic model starts at $109 for a 768p resolution display. Adding 1080p resolution and backlit keys bumps the basic price up to $164.  Add $40 for shipping ($30 for California) to get one in March 2017. The Superbook is a concept that will further confuse the lines between laptop, tablet, and phone.  I'd love to have a Superbook so I could stop carrying around a laptop and a tablet, allowing me to concentrate all of my stuff onto a single device. If Google had a half a clue, they'd buy Superbook immediately and get it plugged into all of its distribution channels, because I'd pick up one at Best Buy today. It's cheap enough that I could write it off if it doesn't work out, but I should be able to do all of the basics I need when I'm out of the office. Both Eve V and Superbook are exploring new end-user computing hardware.  Will major manufacturers follow suit in quietly (or not so quietly) starting crowdsourcing projects of their own? Facebook arguably started this trend in the data center with its Open Compute project for server and network hardware, while it's only a matter of time before the (rapidly getting dull) smartphone industry gives crowdsourcing a try.  A few companies have used Kickstarter and Indiegogo as their own start-up farms, but I'm betting that Microsoft will simply crib what specs seem to attract buyers and roll it into future Surface hardware while Amazon, Google or Samsung will end up buying Superbook down the road.  Edited by Maurice Nagle Author Info Doug Mohney Contributing Editor Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder By: Rob Enderle    11/15/2016 The world of 2020 will look massively different on the road and in the dealership than it does today thanks to virtual reality (VR). Read More The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Expansion of the Internet of Things (IoT) is surging. A recent Gartner report predicts IoT spending to increase to $2.5 million a minute, with 1 milli… Read More Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Smart cities offer several benefits, including real time traffic information and coordinated energy control. However, the technology is still in the e… Read More Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees By: Maurice Nagle    11/10/2016 The nation can move forward together or continue on its torrid path of division. Don't be fooled, I'm not pro-Trump, I'm pro-America. And, lest we for… Read More The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone By: Rob Enderle    11/10/2016 The Blackberry DTEK60 is one of two phones I'm testing using the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset and matching radio. The common core features are … Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City PC Back from the Dead: Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies & the Zombie PC Apocalypse FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder Doug Mohney Latest Article: Telecom Chip Merger Madness Running Against Open Hardware Tide Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS The Business Benefits of Managed IT Services DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Hosted UC DOWNLOAD NOW 10 Hidden Costs of a Premises-Based Phone System DOWNLOAD NOW Data Man: Saving One Network at a Time DOWNLOAD NOW Measuring the Business Benefits of Knowledge Management for Customer Support DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 800 Connecticut Ave, 1st Floor East, Norwalk CT 06854 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone Powered by TMC © 2016 All Rights Reserved
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Internet of Things News Intel wants to make its IoT chips see, think, and act The new, faster Atom E3900 series has more powerful graphics and image processing More like this How ARM set itself up for a $32B acquisition Nvidia's new Tegra chip can avoid trouble with the traffic police Intel's new PC, IoT chief brings fresh ideas to the veteran chip maker on IDG Answers Can company see that I'm using their internet? A worker mounts an Intel sign on a pavilion at San Francisco's Super Bowl City attraction on Jan. 27, 2016. Credit: Stephen Lawson Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Stephen Lawson Follow IDG News Service | Oct 25, 2016 2:51 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Internet of Things Computer Processors Car Tech Comments Rolling out the internet of things means using devices as our eyes and ears and even asking them to make decisions for us. The chips at the heart of those devices play critical roles, and on Tuesday some of them got better at their jobs. While ARM introduced two minuscule processor architectures with security features borrowed from larger chips, Intel unveiled its Atom E3900 chips with improved computer vision and industrial-grade timing. The E3900s are designed for a wide range of applications, including manufacturing and surveillance, and they’ll soon be joined by a version specifically for vehicles, called the A3900. Intel is working to help machines evolve from accurately sensing what’s going on around them to acting on those senses. For example, if a device can see defective parts going through an assembly line, it can alert someone or even stop the line. Cameras in cars could see that the driver is drowsy and set off an alarm in the car, and ones pointed in front of the vehicle could tell a pedestrian from a shadow and stop the car – if its vision was accurate enough. Rival Qualcomm also improved its chips for IoT vision recently. The E3900s have more computing power than their predecessors (by 1.7 times), along with faster memory speeds and memory bandwidth. But they also have better graphics and vision: 3D graphics performance is 2.9 times higher than in the previous generation, and the new chips can render 4K Ultra HD video on as many as three independent displays, Intel says. Those three screens could be the virtual dashboard of a car and two seat-back displays for passengers to watch videos. By controlling each separately, the chip could make sure the dash display isn’t affected by the rendering activity happening on the entertainment screens, said Ken Caviasca, vice president of Intel’s IoT group. The new chips are also better at capturing and processing images. They have four vector image processing units to perform video noise reduction, improve low-light image quality, and preserve more color and detail. In a networked video recorder, an E3900 could take 1080p video streams from 15 cameras and display their feeds simultaneously at 30 frames per second on a video wall, Caviasca said. Visual processing needs to keep getting better as technology evolves from rendering images to decoding content and on to image processing. The last step is computer vision, where machines understand what they see well enough to make decisions. “What people are wanting is a processor that can sense like we do in an environment,” Caviasca said. And rather than just report back to humans, it can take action. For industrial uses, the E3900 series gets Intel’s TCC (Time Coordinated Computing) technology. This feature lets the chip tightly control the timing of a device’s actions. Some industrial systems rely on precise timing to be productive. For example, a robotic arm that takes parts off a conveyor belt needs to act when each object comes along. The more tightly the arm is synchronized with the rest of the system, the faster the assembly line can run. Adding TCC, which wasn’t in the e3800 series, cuts the maximum delay to about one-tenth what it would have been. There are also uses for this technology in the automotive world, Caviasca said. RELATED TOPICS Internet of Things Computer Processors Car Tech Stephen Lawson — Senior U.S. Correspondent Stephen Lawson is a senior U.S. correspondent for the IDG News Service based in San Francisco. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources API Use Case BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Data Visualizations for Mobile Users EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Micron Xpoint Data Center Servers Want to use 3D XPoint DIMMs with Intel Purley Xeons? Wait a couple of years for second-gen Not first-gen Purley in 2017 as we were sorta promised 25 Oct 2016 at 21:21, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles Huawei hots up its high-density server line Kaminario's Dani Golan reaches for the sky Arkivum's new CEO gets £3m cash boost to play with – now what? Intel will fab Xeon processors that support 3D XPoint DIMMs in two years, its CEO signaled to analysts on a conference call this month. 3D XPoint is Micron and Intel's post-NAND, non-volatile memory technology that is claimed to be faster than NAND, with near-DRAM speed, and denser and longer endurance. It is intended to fill a performance gap between DRAM and NAND and provide storage-class (Persistent) memory. Intel is sampling 3D XPoint SSDs with OEM customers now but such drives will use an NVMe/PCIe interface, which is slower than putting the media on the faster memory channel using DIMM sockets. In a conference call on the day Intel announced its Q3 2016 figures, chief exec Brian Krzanich said this about XPoint SSDs: "On the 3D XPoint, it will be qualified at the end of [2016's fourth] quarter. And we're shipping thousands of samples to customers, we're shipping samples already, we'll ship thousands through this quarter. And it ramps in 2017... revenue growth in 2017, samples, thousands in the fourth quarter and qualified at the end of the quarter. "There will be a second generation of Purley that includes 3D XPoint. It allows pooling of memory, and then there will be future ones that will allow additional pooling of things like FPGA. So, each one of these now add some additional features across the rack that really helps in the overall system performance." We understand that Krzanich means second-generation Purley chips will take 3D XPoint memory DIMMs. This Xeon processor family is due to arrive in 2018, just in time for Intel to deliver these next-gen CPUs and XPoint DIMMs for the Aurora supercomputer in late 2018. The Purley gates Purley is the codename for a 14nm Skylake-microarchitecture server processor. Purley processors are understood to have up to 28 cores and 56 threads, and support the 100Gbps Omni-Path interconnect and Silicon Photonics. We believe Intel is set on delivering versions of Purley chips with integrated accelerators, such as encryption and compression engines, graphics, media transcoders and FPGAs. Krzanich was being coy, and trying to blur the situation to avoid tipping his hand. To us it sounds as though first-generation Purley chips will not interface directly with 3D XPoint DIMMs – whereas last year it was strongly suggested that first-gen Purley parts would hook up with 3D XPoint DIMMs. These first-generation processors are sampling with selected customers now with general availability expected around mid-2017. Meanwhile, second-generation Purley will arrive the following year, and most definitely include tight 3D XPoint integration. According to Krzanich's comment, third-generation Purley will have pooled FPGAs; we think this third-generation series could be a 2019-2020 story. It's possible that 3D XPoint DIMMs could be supported before second-generation Purley silicon arrives, with that processor bringing XPoint closer to the CPU somehow, perhaps with an Omni-Path interconnect. There has been speculation that Intel could use 3D XPoint as a large-scale DRAM substitute, with terabytes of 3D XPoint used to bulk out a DRAM core, save DRAM cost and provide performance near that of a full DRAM system but at a lower cost. It will be interesting to understand Micron's intentions concerning support of proprietary fast Intel connects, like Omni-Path and Silicon Photonics, as well as OpenCAPI and Gen-Z interconnects. A key set of events will be how the server OEMs react to 3D XPoint DIMMs. If they reject those, or are half-hearted, as they are with flash DIMMs currently, then Intel gets a second bite at the server XPoint adoption cherry with gen-two Purley processors. None of this is simple. Keep watching the XPoint space. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 4 Comments More from The Register Why OpenCAPI is a declaration of interconnect fabric war +Comment Any standard but Intel in another CPU-memory interconnect consortium 11 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments Peglar on the hoof: Micron flash and XPoint VP legs it Exits loss-making company for pastures new Google: We look forward to running non-Intel processors in our cloud OK, so someone's angling for a discount 46 Comments Micron sets a canary to watch over its stock in case of takeover Poison pill filing sparks speculation about aggressive buy-out action 5 Comments Micron, VMware, Supermicro, Nexenta doodle array designs Cosy club comes up with flashy little reference architecture Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight 10x faster servers? Pop a CAPI in your dome Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO VMware do we go from here? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Mobility Is the 32GB iPhone 7 really slower? Confusion abounds with the latest Apple controversy News keeps trickling out about the iPhone 7's speed problem. Several theories have been put forth: What's the real problem? And does it even matter? By Brandon Vigliarolo | October 25, 2016, 1:00 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Every iteration of a popular phone renews its target for critics, and no phone has felt that more than Apple's iPhone series. Controversy follows a new iPhone release like sharks to blood, with critics seeking any flaw to tear apart. Some criticisms have been serious: the iPhone 4 had its "antennagate," which had a very real impact on its function. The iPhone 5 brought the lightning adapter to the world, which was a major source of ire despite the fact that the old adapter now seems ridiculous. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter There are problems that are decidedly less serious, however: the iPhone 6 could reportedly bend, and now the iPhone 7's smaller capacity model is apparently slower than those with larger storage. Sensational headlines and hot YouTube videos only stoke the fire for those bent on hating the iPhone, but like anything sensational there's usually a bit more going on below the surface. There are some competing theories as to why the iPhone 7 32GB seems slower than its larger-capacity brethren, and two are worth looking at: read/write speed and Qualcomm/Intel chipsets. What is actually slower One of the theories floating in the internet ether is that 32GB iPhone 7 models are just slower, period. CNET addressed this with some testing of its own to determine what was really going on behind the scenes and the results make perfect—and mostly unnoticeable—sense. There's a bottleneck in SSD processing power that always affects smaller capacity disks, and it's simply unavoidable: read/write speed. Smaller solid state discs simply have fewer channels to move data from storage to screen, and vice versa. SEE: Research: Apple's Growing Role in the Enterprise (Tech Pro Research) What CNET found by digging down, though, is that write speed was the only one affected by the channel bottleneck. Writing to your iPhone 7's drive occurs when you download files, save pictures, and do anything else that involves saving something to the phone's local storage. Users generally don't notice their write speed slowing down, and with good reason: even slower discs (like the iPhone 7's 32GBs) have a max write speed of 100Mbps. As CNET points out even the most intense write activities, like recording a 4K video, only uses 30Mbps of bandwidth. In other words, writing files to your iPhone won't push its capacity. Read speeds, on the other hand, are noticeable but there's a reason you won't notice a difference on larger vs. smaller capacity iPhones: SSD reads are simple tasks that simply don't tax the speed of the drive in the slightest. What's really going on? If read/write speeds aren't the source of the complaint then what is? Cellular Insights, which tests many of the newest smartphones on the market, has the most likely cause: the iPhone 7 and 7plus were produced with two different chipsets. Anyone familiar with cellular technology knows we have two bands that are popular in the United States: CDMA (used by Verizon and Sprint), and GSM (used by AT&T and T-Mobile). SEE: 19 of Apple's biggest tech blunders (TechRepublic) Up until the latest iteration of the iPhone, Qualcomm was the sole manufacturer of chipsets and modems for Apple's smartphones. The iPhone 7, however, split the ticket between Qualcomm's MDM9645M and Intel's XMM7360 modems. Therein lies the problem: Intel's chip didn't test as fast as Qualcomm's. Image: Cellular Insights Cellular Insights ran tests on both versions of the iPhone 7plus and found that the Intel modem performed considerably worse than Qualcomm's. As the graph above shows, Intel's chipset wasn't even able to match the iPhone 6s for speed, while the Qualcomm iPhone 7 tested well above Apple's previous model. Want to know which one you have? Check the fine print on the back of your iPhone 7. If it has model number A1660 or A1661 you're in luck: It's a Qualcomm. If the model number reads A1778 or A1784 sorry: It's an Intel. Performance of both Qualcomm (red) and Intel (blue) on band 4. Signal strength is weaker to the right of the figure. Image: Cellular Insights Keep in mind, both chipsets delivered similar results in ideal signal strength situations. Once things get dicey the Qualcomm chipset definitely outperforms the Intel one, however. What it all means Your iPhone 7 isn't, in most cases, going to feel inferior so there's really no need to worry about it. Yes, AT&T and T-Mobile customers have a bit more to complain about but their complaints have nothing to do with device storage size: it's all about the chipset in this case. The actual performance of the iPhone 7 is unaffected by its capacity unless you try your hardest to maximize its write speed. In those cases you will see a slowdown between a 32GB device and one with more storage, but those conditions aren't a problem for users in regular situations. They're also not a problem unique to Apple's iPhone 7: It's a universal problem of solid state design. Next conspiracy, please. We reached out to Apple and Intel for commentary on this piece, but no response was received as of publication. This article will be updated with any response. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Reports have been coming out about the slower speed of Apple's 32GB iPhone 7 devices, but it's not a unique Apple issue: smaller SSDs simply can't read or write as fast as larger ones. If anything is slowing down the 32GB iPhone 7 it's the write speed. Even the most complex daily uses, however, can't come close to maxing out its Mbps capabilities. A real cause of slower devices can be found in Apple's use of Intel chipsets in GSM devices. The Intel chipset tested far worse than the one in CDMA devices, which was manufactured by Qualcomm. Confused by the rapid speed of the mobile world? Keep up on all the enterprise trends by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe Also see iPhone 7: What business users need to know (TechRepublic) There are two versions of the iPhone 7 — did you end up with a fast one or a slow one? (ZDNet) Apple iPhone 7: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) iPhone 7 sales profit from Galaxy Note 7 vacuum in South Korea (ZDNet) How to clear space on your iPhone without deleting photos (CBS News) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Brandon Vigliarolo Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Brandon's content bviglia × Disclosure Brandon Vigliarolo has nothing to disclose. He does not hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null

PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Portwell Releases COM Express Compact Module with Intel Atom Processor E3900 Series Portwell's PCOM-B641VG Type 6 COM Express Compact module based on Intel Atom processor E3900 series (6W~12W), features a wide range of optional I/O flexibility, and support for a wide -40ºC to 85ºC industrial temperature range. Type 6 COM Express Compact module featuring Intel Atom processor E3900 series   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Intel Atom E3900 * Industrial Temperature Support * Type 6 Com Module By Industry: * ComputersOct. 25, 2016 - PRLog -- FREMONT, CA. – American Portwell Technology, Inc., (http://www.portwell.com), a wholly owned subsidiary of Portwell, Inc., a world-leading innovator in the Industrial PC (IPC) market and an Associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) Solutions Alliance, today announces Portwell's release of the PCOM-B641VG, a Type 6 COM Express Compact (95mm x 95mm) module based on the 14nm Intel® Atom™ processor E3900 product family (6W~12W). The PCOM-B641VG COM Express module offers many valuable features, including a wide range of optional I/O flexibility like Gen2 PCI Express with mature eco-system, enabler for greater media competence like accelerated DRM (Digital Rights Management) for encoding and decoding. The module is also rated to function at less than 50 DPM (defects per million). Portwell's PCOM-B641VG is designed to help customers who are currently using COM Express module products upgrade their systems without having to change existing carrier boards and operating systems. This helps boost system performance with prolonged service life for another 7 years, maximizing our customers' return on investment. The compact PCOM-B641VG COM Express module supports up to 32GB DDR3L 1600/1866 MT/s SDRAM on two 204-pin SODIMM sockets, making it faster than its predecessor. Its expansion interface supports four (max.) PCI Express x1 Gen2 (5.0GT/s) for enhanced video performance and offers the flexibility to be configured to two x2 lanes or one x4 lane. In addition, it supports one high-resolution display, DP (DisplayPort) or HDMI selectable to double 3D performance compared to its previous generation. Efficient and Effective Energy Management Enabled by COM Technology When designing the PCOM-B641VG, we applied the successful modular computing concept of our COM Express form factor and came up with an even more compact, efficient and economical combination. The ultra-low power Intel® Atom™ processor E3900 family is housed on the PCOM-B641VG module board. And in this way, we are able to maximize Computer-On-Module (COM) technology to produce a unit that not only outputs under 6W~12W for fan-less applications, but also supports a wide -40°C to 85°C industrial temperature range. With two SODIMM sockets support, the PCOM-B641VG provides a more powerful solution for our customers aiming at IoT and Industry 4.0. On the other hand, it conserves scarce energy resources, minimizes carbon impact and keeps its energy budgets under control. We believe our customers should have the choice of using products that help them achieve smarter energy management. By making energy management more individualized, we believe it will lead to positive changes in user behavior and save staggering amount of energy and associated costs. Design and Customization Services for Broad Applications The PCOM-B641VG COM Express module has been enhanced by Portwell in response to market demand for an even lower power platform to take advantage of the Intel® Atom™ processor's compact design. In fact, since its initial inception, Portwell's expanding Intel Atom processor-based COM Express product portfolio has now grown to include industrial temperature range support. Portwell's versatile COM Express modules adapt to these changes by enabling designers to partition commodity host-processors from proprietary baseboards, thereby minimizing current and future design risks during the initial phase of development. This design of separating the CPU-upgradable module from system specific I/O carrier boards further safeguards development investments and lowers total cost of ownership. In addition, Portwell can also provide services to clients on the carrier board design and development, review schematics and BIOS customization. At Portwell, we strive to create superior products for our customers. # # # Product details: http://www.portwell.com/products/detail.php?CUSTCHAR1=PCO... Product availability: In addition to American Portwell Technology, Inc., the Portwell PCOM-B641VG Type 6 COM Express Compact module is also available through Arrow Electronics, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. # # # About American Portwell Technology American Portwell Technology, Inc., is a world-leading innovator in the embedded computing market and an Associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance. American Portwell Technology designs, manufactures and markets a complete range of PICMG computer boards, embedded computer boards and systems, rackmount systems and network communication appliances for both OEMs and ODMs. American Portwell is an ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 14001 and TL 9000 certified company. The company is located in Fremont, California. For more information about American Portwell's extensive turnkey solutions and private-label branding service, call 1-877-APT-8899, email info@portwell.com or visit us at http://www.portwell.com. Intel and Atom are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other products and company names referred to herein may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders. # # # Media Contact: Susan Wei Marketing Executive American Portwell Technology, Inc. 510-403-3354 susanw@portwell.com Product Contact: Richard Chang Product Manager American Portwell Technology, Inc. 510-403-3332 richardc@portwell.com Media Contact American Portwell Technology, Inc./Susan Wei 510-403-3399 ***@portwell.com End Source : American Portwell Technology, Inc. » Follow Email : ***@portwell.com Listed Under- Tags : Intel Atom E3900, Industrial Temperature Support, Type 6 Com Module Industry : Computers Location : United States A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse American Portwell Technology, Inc. News Portwell Announces NANO-6062 with Intel Atom Processor E3900 Product Family (Codenamed Apollo Lake) Portwell Announces Wide Temperature FUDA2-S1921 Panel PC Series w/ Projected Capacitive Touch Scree Portwell Releases High Performance Fan-less Embedded System Powered by 6th Generation Intel Core Portwell Releases ETX 3.0 Module to Extend Legacy Applications and Lifecycles Portwell Releases a Rugged Fan-less Embedded System Powered by Intel Pentium/Celeron Processor N3000 Trending Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 Long Island African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc. Announces Web Launch and Networking Soiree Topps Signs Derek Jeter to an Autographed Trading Card Deal for the First Time in Over a Decade FindingAssistedLiving.com expands into Central Florida and Cleve Loveland is now FAL Approved Vendor Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 Mineral oil, GPUs and thousands of cores Student Cluster Competition hardware revealed 14 Nov 2011 at 22:54, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SC11 The hardware configurations for the 2011 SC Student Cluster Competition in Seattle have been released, and there are quite a few surprises. First, the most surprising surprise: the University of Texas Longhorn team has brought the first liquid cooled system to the big dance. They’ve teamed up with Green Revolution to put together an 11-node, 132 core, Xeon-fueled cluster that is completely immersed in a vat of mineral oil. The oil flows around the large pizza box server boards, then through a radiator where the heat is dispersed into the air via a large fan. Team Texas believes that the move to liquid gives them anywhere between 5-15 per cent more overall compute power while keeping them under the hard 26 amp ceiling. I’ve shot plenty of video of the system and the team, including swapping out servers, so check back for updates. NUDT (Team China) has brought a much more compact design that is more reliant on GPUs than any other – much like the chart-topping Tianhe supercomputer that their institution built last year. The Team China cluster uses a grand total of four Xeon processors (24 cores total) to act as traffic cop for six NVIDIA C2070 Tesla GPU accelerators. Interestingly, most of the teams have configured much more hardware and then throttled it to meet the 26 amp hard limit, while China seems to have configured ‘just enough’ hardware to approach the limit. It is an open question if they’ve optimized the scientific applications well enough to run well on GPUs. Most of the other teams sporting accelerators have found this to be a bit of a barrier on some of the apps and have, as a result, made sure they pack plenty of traditional x86 chippery to handle the non-GPU friendly workloads. No pedal to the metal Colorado and Purdue, the longest-standing teams in the competition, have taken an appropriately old-school approach to their clusters. Their daddies didn’t use any fancy accelerators, their granddaddies didn’t use ‘em – so they’re not using them either. As the teams explained to me, they didn’t see much advantage to accelerators, since not all of the workloads could take advantage of the extra number-crunching power. But they use plenty of traditional iron. Colorado sports sixteen AMD 16-core Interlagos processors, giving them 256 cores on four quad-socket nodes. Purdue is using Intel’s 10-core (deci-core?) Xeon to build a 160-core cluster on four nodes. We’ll post closer looks at both teams soon. Returning champions Team Taiwan has worked with sponsors Acer and NVIDIA to design a hybrid system with 72 Intel Xeon cores plus 6 Tesla GPU accelerators. GPUs are a new wrinkle for the Taiwanese; their award-winning 2010 cluster utilized traditional x86 processors. Like the other GPU-wielding teams, the key to winning will be how much extra bang for the watt they can pull out of the specialty chips. The Boston University Terriers bring more compute cores – 336 – than any other team. Their cluster relies on 16-core AMD Interlagos for x86 compute power, but they’ve also added four NVIDIA Tesla cards to the mix. They certainly can’t run all of this gear and stay under the 26 amp limit, so the question will be how much (and how well) they can gear the cluster down to run fast without gulping too much power. Team Russia, in its second SCC appearance, has brought a cluster that’s composed of seven nodes with 84 Xeon x86 cores and a grand total of 12 NVIDIA Tesla cards. This makes them the most “GPU-riffic” team in the competition by a factor of two. Team sponsor Microsoft has helped the team with the hardware and software optimizations. If the Russian bear can take advantage of all that GPU goodness, then they have a good shot at taking at least the LINPACK award. Time will tell. The Costa Rica Rainforest Eagles lost their sponsor at the last minute. Disaster was averted as the HPC Advisory Council stepped in to sponsor the team, supplying them with all the hardware they need to compete. And it’s top-shelf gear too, with four quad-socket Interlagos nodes sporting 256 cores – which puts them in the mix with the other teams. Gilad Shainer, HPC Council chair, even found the team a couple of GPU nodes, but they probably won’t utilize them given that it wasn’t part of their original plan. The SCC hardware configurations this year can be summed up with one word: Diverse. Actually, two words: Wildly Diverse. Fully half the teams are using some sort of GPU acceleration, up from only two last year. We even have Texas with their attention-grabbing mineral oil deep-fried nodes. (Or compute hot tub?) We’ll see how it all works out as the teams begin their first competition workload: LINPACK. We’ll have full event coverage plus updated odds charts (the betting window is almost closed), video interviews, and overviews of each team. Check back often. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Undergrads build 12.6-TFLOPS cluster out of four nodes, 112 cores HPC Blog New student LINPACK record step 5 Comments Tegile gets IntelliFlash into a cluster duster Cloud Platform for private cloud Student cluster warriors build out 'roomy sedan' clusters HPC Blog Tianhe-2: Where's the manual - we wish we could RTFM Old fashioned engineering: HPC cluster kids would like to thank their fans. No really HPC Blog Gutsy overclockers set new record 2 Comments Nice cluster, kid. But can these supercomputing students actually predict the weather? HPC blog It's hard enough for the Met Office... 4 Comments Home team wins Asia student cluster competition HPC Blog HUST busts out Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: Meet the Purdue Boilermakers Have sledgehammer, will cluster 15 Nov 2011 at 18:15, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Team vid Purdue is one of two teams that’s participated in the SC11 Student Cluster Competition (SCC) since its inception. They’re a solid team with a half-n-half mixture of rookies and SCC veterans. This year they’re bringing the typical workmanlike Purdue attitude to the competition – along with a plethora of traditional HPC gear. The Boilermaker cluster relies on the latest 10-core Intel Xeon CPUs provided by sponsor Intel. They’re running four quad-socket nodes, which gives them a total of 160 cores to devote to the various challenge applications. At 64GB per node their cluster is mid-range memory-wise, which may put them at a disadvantage vs. a few of their competitors. In the off season, the Purdue team worked on gaining greater understanding of the scientific disciplines associated with the specific workloads in this year’s competition. This approach could pay off; they may have learned tuning secrets that can be gained only through experience – or through picking the brains of those experienced practitioners. Another constant with Team Purdue is their signature sledgehammer. I was concerned when I didn’t see it prominently displayed in their booth as they set up their gear. But it was there today while they were running LINPACK, putting my mind at ease. Check out the video to get an up close and personal look at this crop of Boilermakers. ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Undergrads build 12.6-TFLOPS cluster out of four nodes, 112 cores HPC Blog New student LINPACK record step 5 Comments Tegile gets IntelliFlash into a cluster duster Cloud Platform for private cloud Student cluster warriors build out 'roomy sedan' clusters HPC Blog Tianhe-2: Where's the manual - we wish we could RTFM Old fashioned engineering: HPC cluster kids would like to thank their fans. No really HPC Blog Gutsy overclockers set new record 2 Comments Home team wins Asia student cluster competition HPC Blog HUST busts out Nice cluster, kid. But can these supercomputing students actually predict the weather? HPC blog It's hard enough for the Met Office... 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Networking Hardware Enterprise Tech Making connections: The world according to Intel Evolution explained 18 Nov 2011 at 18:18, Trevor Pott Trevor Pott Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Sysadmin, Virtualisation, Vmware, Microsoft Recent Articles It's all got complicated: The costs of data recovery In-depth: Supermicro's youngest Twin is a real silent ice maiden Review: McAfee Endpoint Protection for SMB With the year winding down, I'd like to pull out a crystal ball and peer in. It is not my crystal ball I want to examine here but rather Intel's. Let's start with the networking. We all know that Intel makes networking gear. Specifically, it makes some of the best PC network interface cards (NICs) available. It should be a shock to no one, then, that Intel is going whole-hog on 10 Gigabit Ethernet (GbE). Expect to see server LAN on motherboard ports moved entirely to 10GBase-T (10GbE over copper) very shortly. Intel is also kicking up its 10GbE discrete card line, including some very serious investments into converged networking. Let's talk about that converged networking for a moment. Until now, you could run Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FCoE) only if you had the right NIC. Intel's idea is different: it is pushing FCoE as a software stack. It calls it Open FCoE. The idea here is that – like CIFS, NFS or iSCSI – anyone with any NIC could choose to run FCoE. Bolt from the blue Compliant NICs will do task offloading so the FCoE hit doesn't impinge upon the processor, but it is not a requirement to use Open FCoE. Naturally, Intel's NICs support this, just as they support offloading for all sorts of other networking bits. Intel's take interests me. The vendor chose not to attempt TCP offloading as an all-or-nothing option. Most operating systems can't get it right, and in some cases full TCP offloading conflicts with various applications. Intel chose instead to offer the ability to offload elements of the TCP stack one at a time, so you can turn off various bits if they break things. Another interesting nugget to emerge has been a discussion about Thunderbolt, a 10Gb interface. Does Intel have any plans to use it for networking? The company has said emphatically no. Intel intends to treat Thunderbolt as a desktop bus interface. There's really nothing that prevents someone from creating a Thunderbolt NIC, but that is not the same as using Thunderbolt as an inter-system interconnect. Intel is clear here: Thunderbolt is about connecting things to your computer, not connecting computers to one another. Doomed desktop Intel's future is not a radical departure but an evolution. According to the writing that has been on the wall for a while now, we are going to ditch the desktop as we know it. Workstations will still be around, but they will be a lot more niche. USB will connect our widgets to our Ultrabooks, and Thunderbolt will connect our Ultrabooks to their monitors. Those monitors will contain things like powerful external graphics cards, wired networking and the sorts of static peripherals we already expect from our desktops. Keep your eye on that 27in Apple Thunderbolt monitor. Paired with a Macbook Air Ultrabook-style device, this is Intel's desktop of the future. Intel prefers to evolve these standards rather than continue to see rampant interface proliferation. It is backing USB, Thunderbolt and Ethernet. In Intel’s vision of the future of computer connectivity, these are to be the interfaces of the next decade. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Microsoft boffins: Who needs Intel CPUs when you've got FPGAs? Bing searches get speed boost from Catapult integration 39 Comments Intel has driven a dagger through Microsoft's mobile strategy Analysis Possibly not fatal to Continuum – but it doesn’t help 94 Comments Microsoft will rest its jackboot on Windows 7, 8.1's throat on new Intel CPUs in 2018 – not 2017 Some updates for an extra year then just security fixes 105 Comments Intel helps Redmond ingest Objective-C code Accelerate framework added to Windows Bridge for iOS 8 Comments Microsoft keeps schtum as more battery woes hit Surface sufferers Updated Look on the bright side – at least they're not exploding, right Samsung? 61 Comments Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Sas Server Controller Hardware SC 2011 Report: SAS controller bug holding up Xeon E5 launch A different bug this time? 28 Nov 2011 at 22:26, Timothy Prickett Morgan Timothy Prickett Morgan Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Ibm, Server, Intel, Oracle Recent Articles Juniper open sources Contrail SDN software stack Server hack heads up the stack for a new challenge What's in it for server buyers now that Intel's Xeon E5-2600 v2 is here? Everyone was expecting for Intel to launch the "Sandy Bridge-EP" Xeon E5 processors back in September for delivery in the fourth quarter. Butfor reasons that Intel has never explained – much less admitted that this was the original launch schedule – the E5 processor and its related "Patsburg" chipset has been pushed out to an "early 2012" launch. Unless you were a supercomputer or hyperscale cloud computing customer willing to take the machines under a non-disclosure agreement, that is. Then, if you play your cards right, you could get access to the Xeon E5 chips. A report in DigiTimes says that the E5 processors and their "Romley" platforms, as Intel calls the combination of its processors and chipsets, will come out in the first week of March. Citing unnamed sources in the server supply chain, the publication said that the reason the chips did not launch back in September was because of a bug of some sort in the pairing of the Patsburg C600 chipset and the Xeon E5 processor, which is aimed at two socket servers. You can read all about the Romley platform and Patsburg chipset here in an El Reg exclusive, and you can get the low-down on the forthcoming Xeon E5 motherboards from Intel there. You will recall that the launch of the "Sandy Bridge-DT" Xeon E3-1200 processor for single-socket servers was delayed back in January by a bug in the SAS controller used in the "Cougar Point" Intel 6 chipset, used with Core i5 and i7 variants of the Sandy Bridge processors. The Intel 6 chipset implements four 3Gb/sec SATA ports as well as two 6Gb/sec SATA ports, and only the 3Gb/sec ports were affected by the flaw found in January. OEMs did some testing on the laptop versions of these chipsets and found high bit-error rates on the legacy SATA ports. Intel did its own tests and found that there was a 5 per cent chance a laptop would fail under normal usage with the Sandy Bridge-Cougar Point combo, over the course of three years, and a heavily used machine in a hot environment might see a failure rate as high as 15 per cent. With the desktop chipset delayed, Intel had to double-check the C200 server variant of the Cougar Point chipset before launching later in 2011. Intel had to shell out $300m to cover the costs of manufacturing the faulty PC versions of the Cougar Point chipsets, and took another $700m hit to replace motherboards that OEMs made that had the faulty parts, but because it delayed the launch of the Xeon E3 chips, it didn't take such a hit. If there is a bug in the SAS controller implemented in the Patsburg chipset when used in conjunction with the Xeon E5s, by delaying the manufacturing and launch of the chipsets and boards, Intel could keep its books from being hit a second time by the SAS bug. As you might expect, Intel dodged questions about whether there was a bug in the SAS controller in the Patsburg chipset, or any other bug relating to the Xeon E5, as it has been doing since September. "We are not commenting on rumors and speculations about unannounced products," an Intel spokesman told El Reg via email in response to inquiries. "We are very happy that everyone is so eager to get their hands on our new Intel Xeon E5 processors and based on SC11 published HPC benchmarks results it is clear that this will be extremely high performing platform." As far as El Reg knows, the Romley platforms will support a variety of SAS and SATA ports, depending on the Patsburg chipset chosen. The C600-A has four 6Gb/sec SATA ports, the C600-B adds 6Gb/sec SAS support, the C600-D adds for more SATA ports or two more SAS ports for a maximum of eight ports, and the C600-T adds for software-based RAID 5 data striping across the SATA drives. Interestingly, the Patsburg chipset does not support legacy 3Gb/sec SATA ports. "In the more than two decades that I have been watching Intel, the company never makes the same mistake twice," Nathan Brookwood, principal analyst at chip watcher Insight 64, told El Reg. "If there is a problem with the SAS controller, it is something different." And with Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron 4200 and 6200 processors not exactly putting a lot of pressure on Intel – at least not like AMD did back in 2003 through 2007 – Intel can afford to take the time to get the Romley platform right. The one thing that people were murmuring about back at Intel Developer Forum in September, and the SC11 supercomputing conference earlier this month, is that whatever is holding up the Xeon E5 launch might have to do with performance issues on the on-chip PCI-Express 3.0 controllers that the processors sport. This is the first on-chip implementation of the PCI-Express Gen 3 controller among any chip maker, and there are bound to be issues here, too, between processors, chipsets, and adapter cards (such as 56Gb/sec FDR InfiniBand cards, which require PCI-Express Gen 3) with so many technologies all changing at the same time. Intel refused to comment on the matter at both IDF and SC11 and stood steadfast to its position that it never promised the Xeon E5s this year, that it will ship lots of them this year despite them not being formally launched, and that everything is hunky dory. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Zen biz's only hope is to avoid Chipzilla's wrath, it seems 52 Comments The calm before the storm: AMD's Zen bears down on Intel CPUs More details confirmed ahead of 2017 desktop, server launch – and don't mention ARM 78 Comments AMD accuses Intel of VW-like results fudging Revives ancient SYSmark dispute 39 Comments Latest Intel, AMD chips will only run Windows 10 ... and Linux, BSD, OS X Water cooler El Reg answers your questions while you wait for make all to finish 156 Comments AMD will sell server CPUs at Happy Meal prices so you can supersize servers ARM vs. x86 can wait as first decent Xeon alternatives in ages pressure Chipzilla 26 Comments EU legal eagle: Euro court should review Intel's €1.6bn fine Chipzilla market share WAS overstated, claims Advocate General 6 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Hpc Hardware Enterprise Tech Couldn't be there? Our conference vids for you The Register and Intel LIVE 2011 2 Dec 2011 at 12:14, Phil Mitchell Phil Mitchell Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Virtualisation Recent Articles Test drive Microsoft Azure Win a monster laptop The Register is rocking on Windows Phone 7 Last week The Register teamed up with Intel to put on an all-day conference in Millbank, central London. We had a great line-up of speakers, which included Professor Brian Cox and security God Bruce Schneier - for me a stand-out. We filmed the proceedings for those of you who couldn't be there. The event went down a storm with the invitation-only audience (which included five winners of a lucky dip competition). And we think you will like it too. So to our video /show report. Dr Genevieve Bell, anthropologist and Intel Fellow, opened the day with her keynote on what would Data look like if it were a person. She is a thought-provoking and accomplished speaker. Watch Video Ed Moore, ex-CTO of Carphone Warehouse and now on his third mobile start-up, was next up talking about the evolution of the smartphone. Among other things, he points to the dangers that RIM faces. His presentation is here (pdf). Watch Video We threw Genevieve and Ed to the mercy of the attendees with a Q and A hosted by The Register’s Tim Phillips. Watch Video Our second session was all about HPC and kicked off with Peter Maccallum from Cancer Research UK talking about HPC skills, challenges and science. His presentation is here. Watch Video Martha Bennett from our the analyst firm Freeform Dynamics was next on stage to dive into the facts and fiction of Big Data. You can download her presentation here. Watch Video Closing off the HPC session, Peter and Martha take questions from the floor. Watch Video Next up, the security session began with Jim Walter from McAfee who runs through the latest Malware threats and the rise of Hactivism. His presentation is here. Watch Video Continuing our stride into security, Dr Bruce Schneier took the stage with a must-see talk about Cyber War. Watch Video As Bruce closed off his talk, Jim and Tim joined him on stage to take questions from the floor. Watch Video We dipped into science for final session. Professor Brian Cox who did an excellent talk on fundamental physic. Sadly, we can’t compete with BBC contracts, so we don’t have any video of Brian, but you you can read our write up here. Following our fop haired hero was Andrzej Nowak from CERN with a presentation titled: From Femtoscale to Exascale: Computing at CERN. If you’ve ever wondered how these guys do what they do, watch this – it’s quite amazing. Watch Video Andrzej's presentation is here. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 3 Comments More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments EU legal eagle: Euro court should review Intel's €1.6bn fine Chipzilla market share WAS overstated, claims Advocate General 6 Comments Intel taps baton, tells the IoT orchestra to tune up Chipzilla updates dev environment for Thing connectivity Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware Enterprise Tech El Reg takes man for romantic weekend for two at Intel chip factory Fab trip to Intel Fab 9 Dec 2011 at 12:14, Phil Mitchell Phil Mitchell Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Virtualisation Recent Articles Test drive Microsoft Azure Win a monster laptop The Register is rocking on Windows Phone 7 So what do you get when you enter a competition on the Reg? The leftovers from the Cash and Carrion bin? Whatever unboxed review kit we’ve managed to hide from the courier? Or a cracking weekend for two in a luxury hotel in one of the world’s liveliest cities, with a trip to Europe’s most advanced chip factory thrown in. For free. For Kevin Ellis, technical architect for a rather large British manufacturing group, it was the latter. All for absent-mindedly entering a competition sponsored by Intel on the lovely topic of Desktop Virtualisation, and winning. So it was that Kevin, and his better half, were whisked by Vulture Air to Dublin, and installed at the glamorous Westbury Hotel which is rated even more highly than the average Andrew Orlowski story on The Register. After a night taking in the sights of the city on the Liffey, Kevin popped into a late morning cab to be whizzed out of the city to Intel’s Leixlip campus, where he was met by El Reg’s own Joe Fay. Kevin was treated to an in-depth briefing on where Intel was going with Desktop Virtualisation - which is handy, as that’s what the competition was all about. After that he was treated to an Intel lunch - like your normal, excellent Irish lunch, but even healthier - with Martin Curley, the director of Intel Labs Europe. The Leixlip labs specialise in Reg reader top topics, including cloud, enterprise IT, health, energy efficiency and security. Kevin and Joe were then thoroughly briefed on what the manufacturing plant does. This included being handed a 12 inch silicon wafer. One of those babies has around 500 chips on it, so it’s entirely possible Kevin was holding around $500,000 in his hand. For about 30 seconds. So, we then headed off on a tour of the Fab itself. The Fab is in the midst of an upgrade, linking four existing production lines, to create one mega chip baking powerhouse Imagine, if you will standing in a corridor in your local NHS general, pressing your nose up against a window, where on the other side you can see pods of 20 wafers a time being whizzed round the lines, with occasional interjections by mysterious bunny suited geniuses. Stirring stuff. And that’s even before you think about the bleeding edge tools in the site’s testing labs. We can’t say too much about those, but were Blofeld ever looking for a selection of top end scientific devices to really get under Bond’s skin, he could do worse than start there. Intel has invested around $6bn in the Leixlip facility to date, and the latest $500m should keep the 360 acre former stud farm busy for years to come. Which is great, as we'd love to go back for an even closer look. After that it was back to the airport for a quick pint of Guinness and stocking up on Tayto crisps. For Joe anyway. Kevin was whisked back into Dublin reunited with his shopped out Mrs, before a romantic dinner for two. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 7 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   InterCoastal Net Designs Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from InterCoastal Net Designs: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: ICND Awarded Best Vacation Rental Site of 2016 InterCoastal Net Designs was awarded best vacation rental site of 2016 by VRM Intel. Ocean Isle Beach, NC, October 25, 2016 --(PR.com)-- VRM Intel announced the winners of the best vacation rental management websites of 2016, awarding TopSail-Realty.com, developed by InterCoastal Net Designs as the #1 Vacation Rental Website of 2016. The website met all the major criteria set by VRM Intel to come in first place. The site has urgency marketing calls to action, video tours, a split-payment option, a unique designation for properties that offer specials, and an attractive lead capture form that appears when the user is trying to exit the booking path. VRM Intel announced the “overall design is incredibly sharp and has a heavy focus on e-commerce with an Airbnb-type feel that also markets the destination and vacation lifestyle.” In addition, “the site performs well on tablets and other mobile devices, and professional photos, well-written descriptions, and an easy-to-understand rate table help to communicate trust and credibility.” “Collaborating with our clients and visualizing their needs is an exciting process. Through our tailored website solutions, automated tools and innovative marketing strategies, our clients have successfully seen increased revenue and traffic results. The entire ICND team is honored to be recognized with this award. We see this as a great compliment to the outstanding work we produce,” said Brandon Sauls, President and Owner of ICND. Dozens of companies sent in more than 30 entries to be judged. VRM Intel increased the judging criteria from 20 to 34 factors for 2016, including categories in design, on-site search functionality, property display booking paths, area information, search engine ranking, site errors, speed and lead generation. Every website submitted was launched within the past 12 months.The entries followed some of the best practices being utilized by major online travel agencies (OTAs) and have included a map view in their search results, the ability to search with flexible dates, and urgency marketing techniques. Each website included a responsive design, large home page images, simple booking paths, detailed refined search option and professional photographs of their rentals. InterCoastal Net Designs and TopSail Realty Vacations were excited to be the recipients of this years award. TopSail Realty announced on Twitter they are “thrilled to be awarded ‘Best #VacationRental Website’ for 2016 by @VRMIntel!” Contact Information InterCoastal Net Designs Brandon Sauls 866-249-6095 Contact www.icoastalnet.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from InterCoastal Net Designs Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews News  Intel Introduces PCIe M.2 for the Data Center with DC P3100 Series Intel Introduces PCIe M.2 for the Data Center with DC P3100 Series Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - 12:40 PM Today Intel further expanded its portfolio of 3D NAND solid state drives (SSDs) with the introduction of the Intel SSD DC P3100 Series – the company’s first PCIe / NVMe-based SSD on the M.2 form factor for the data center. The new drive extends Intel’s 30-year commitment in offering innovative memory technologies, and long-term plan to transform the economics of storage across market segments with trusted, breakthrough Intel 3D NAND SSDs. The DC P3100 Series offers the high bandwidth performance of PCIe at SATA-level value for read intensive data center applications. It is ideal as a boot drive for cloud providers, web hosting. The DC P3100 Series has a lower total cost of ownership than traditional hard disk drives through lower power utilization, simpler maintenance and reduced annual failure rates – all backed by Intel quality and reliability, including a 5-year warranty. The DC P3100 is validated across data center workloads and offers better together functionality with Intel Xeon processors. The Intel SSD DC P3100 Series is available in 128GB to 1.0TB capacities starting October 25th through a variety of channel partners. The performance of each capacity is different, but the 1TB DC P3100 has sequential read/write speeds of 1,800 MB/s and 175 MB/s. The read performance is phenomenal on these drives as most cloud and web servers do mostly reads. Intel specifically notes that this drive is ideal for boot, search indexing, edge caching and web hosting.  The Random 4K performance is 114,000 IOPS read and 9,000 IOPS write. If you drop down to the entry-level 128GB drive you are looking at sequential performance numbers of 720 MB/s read and 55 MB/s write. Not super fast, but these are aimed at those with value-based needs in the data center. For more information on the DC P3100 Series, and all Intel 3D NAND SSDs visit Intel.com/SSD or here. YOUDIEMOFO Why is it that the writing speed of these drives are pure garbage…?!? Not sure what “new” technology truly takes a step back In performance when putting out a new iteration of something. I get it that it is the 3D nand tech and all, but if it does not perform as good if not better than the immediate comepetion then what good is it to out something like this. There are many more faster solutions that have been being used for a longer time. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2016 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Chinese eying overseas homes set to grow JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Hyundai to spin off firms to improve efficiency Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Man nabbed for using fake car plate Public To Get A Greater Say Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper Jobless gambler lands back in prison City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News San Marino hits back at Mueller China’s 2018 hopes hit with draw Messi’s bumpy ride Jellyfish attack Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News A panoply of sights and sounds to explore Kashgar’s resplendent past survives in redevelopment Orchestra From Ukraine Violinist Kyung Wha Chung presents Bach's unaccompanied pieces Chile’s National Day festivities made special by visit of Esmeralda Jews: Extraordinary characters in troubled times Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything The end of US soft power as fear overtakes hope? US professor lays out top policy priorities, possibilities as Trump enters White House Misconceptions around growth of business education slow spread of vital knowledge Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Dinosaur brain tissue identified Please do not cuddle the animals Thai companies join in Singles Day online shopathon Tourists flock to Bangladeshi safari park ‘Billy Lynn’s’ a mesmerizing trip Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ smoulders with lust Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: China cautious on groundbreaking digital currency plan Beijing preparing for heavy pollution for following three days Trapped Chinese tourists safely evacuated from quake-hit area in New Zealand Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness The story appears on Page A9 October 26, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business Intel’s startup funding Source: Shanghai Daily | October 26, 2016, Wednesday | Print Edition INTEL Corp said yesterday that it will invest US$38 million from its Intel Capital fund in 12 startups globally, including two Chinese firms. The funds will be ploughed into devices and services for seniors and disabled individuals, advanced audio for 360-degree virtual reality systems, data, connectivity and human-like vision systems for connected cars. The two Chinese startups are Shanghai-based Grand Chip Microelectronics which offers Wi-Fi components for high-speed connection among Internet of Things devices, and Jiangsu-based Eazytec, a smart city developer and service provider. Business <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Work on new Metro Line 14 stations to start HK pair disqualified as lawmakers Xi casts his vote For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything Nail-gun murderer executed Singles Day expects record takings Stricter smoking ban from March Xi congratulates America’s victor Shanghai facing big diabetes problem Toddler Survives after Glass Door Falls on Her Chinese archaeologist refutes BBC report on Terracotta Warriors Foreign trio show how not to win friends abroad Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Airport officials lose licenses after near miss <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News China cautious on groundbreaking digital currency plan Beijing preparing for heavy pollution for following three days Trapped Chinese tourists safely evacuated from quake-hit area in New Zealand Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness View more » Latest Business News Samsung’s phone just for China Min’an Auto gets coveted e-car permit JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Push for 3D printing Hollywood studio deal View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Networking   /   Intel, ARM Up Competition in IoT With New Chips, More Security       Intel, ARM Up Competition in IoT With New Chips, More Security     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-10-25 Print               Intel is rolling out the Atom E3900 low-power chips for the IoT, while ARM is unveiling a range of IoT products, from new SoCs to an SaaS offering. Chip rivals Intel and ARM are making deeper pushes into the increasingly competitive internet of things arena. At the IoT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Oct. 25, Intel officials unveiled the latest iteration of its low-power Atom processors, the E3900 series (pictured), which is aimed at IoT applications and comes with greater levels of performance, security and image and video processing power, according to officials. The chips will drive greater intelligence to the fog and edge of the network. For its part, at the opening day of the company's TechCon 2016 show in Santa Clara, Calif., ARM officials are rolling out a suite of products—from new chip designs and radio technology to a cloud-based services platform—that they say will deliver greater security, low-power connectivity and efficiency to IoT environments. The new offerings come as the IoT continues to grow—officials with both Intel and Cisco Systems are predicting that by 2020, there will be more than 50 billion connected devices, systems and sensors worldwide generating 44 zettabytes of data each year—and security continues to be a concern, as evidenced by the recent high-profile distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack that impacted such big-name sites as Twitter, Spotify and GitHub. With the number of devices becoming connected and the amount of data being generated—and the need for greater security in the wide-open IoT space—tech vendors are looking to become key providers in the IoT market. "There is a lot of opportunity from the edge through the core of the network … as well as in the data center," Ken Caviasca, vice president of Intel's IoT Group and general manager of platform engineering and development, told eWEEK. Under CEO Brian Krzanich, Intel has been aggressively expanding its reach in a broad range of growth areas, including the IoT, where he wants Intel to provide the foundational technologies for all connected systems, from the network edge to the cloud and data center. The focus of the E3900 is driving more intelligence and processing power to the edge and in the fog, enabling more of the the collection, storage and analysis of the data to be done nearer the devices themselves. The 14-nanometer E3900 series provides 1.7 times the computing power of the previous generation of Atom systems-on-a-chip (SoCs) to help deliver faster memory speeds and bandwidth farther out on the network. It's also built into a compact flip chip ball grid array (FCBGA) design, helping to make it a good fit for a broad array of IoT uses where scalable performance, space and power are important. Among the new features are Intel's ninth-generation graphics engine that delivers 2.9 times the 3D graphics performance of its predecessors and supports up to three displays. In addition, there are four vector image processing units for better visibility and quality video in low light, and Intel's Time Coordinated Computing Technology for synchronizing peripherals and networks of connected devices, creating network accuracy within a microsecond. Bringing more processing power out to the network edge is important, given the use cases envisioned for the SoCs, such as software-defined cockpits in vehicles, from driving digital gauges and navigation to driving backup sensors and side-collision avoidance. Caviasca also pointed to high-end IP cameras, where in-device analytics is important. There also are new and enhanced security features, including the Trusted Execution Engine 3.0, a dedicated security coprocessor, that's designed to keep malware away from IoT devices by not booting if there are any changes to the software code. In addition, it monitors the device to check it for physical tampering. Caviasca said the E3900 series is just the latest step for Intel in an IoT effort that will include other Atom SoCs as well as Core and Xeon chips. ARM officials are looking to build upon the 15 billion chips that its partners shipped last year, many of which they said were used for smart embedded devices. The company, which creates chip designs that are then licensed to processor manufacturers, has seen the IoT as a key market for several years. IoT security was a key focus at the TechCon show last year. "The IoT already runs on ARM but the goal now is scale, which we are enabling today through a uniquely comprehensive set of technologies and services built to work together seamlessly," Pete Hutton, executive vice president and president of product groups at ARM, said in a statement.   Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST NETWORKING ARTICLES   Nutanix Brings Networking Into Its Enterprise Cloud Platform Cypress Adds Connectivity Option to WICED IoT Platform BT, CA Make Deeper Pushes Into Growing SD-WAN Space Cisco Brings Flexible Payments, App Site to Spark Collaboration Tool Dell EMC, SnapRoute Expand Contributions to OpenSwitch Project                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web Intel announces the Atom E3900 Series for IoT devices By Anthony Spadafora Intel has announced its new Atom E3900 Series that has been tailored from the ground up for use in Internet of Things devices. Shares Intel has today announced its new Atom E3900 Series chip that will be geared exclusively towards the Internet of Things (IoT) market. The company has been trying to make up for its initial absence in the mobile chip arena by significantly investing into the fast-growing IoT market and its new series of chips - which are based off of its latest generation Goldmount Atom CPU core technology - have been designed with a host of new features tailored for IoT. Currently Intel offers a number of IoT products though until now it has yet to release a chip dedicated to this emerging technology. The company's new Atom E3900 chip is made up of either 2 or 4 Goldmount CPU cores which can be paired with either a 12 or 18 EU configuration of its Gen9 iGPU. The CPU and GPU included on these new chips resemble Broxton, Intel's cancelled Atom system on a chip (SoC), though they have been reworked to include new features specifically for use in IoT devices. One of the major additions to the company's latest chip is the inclusion of added security measures that are made up of its Trusted Execution Technology. However, this time around Intel has decided to measure the boot time of its chips, as any significant change in the time it takes them to boot is likely a sign that the chips have been compromised by either new firmware or even a new operating system. The company has also decided to take the timing of its Atom E3900 chips into account and has included a new way of measuring the synchronisation of its chips called Time Coordinated computing Technology. This new technology allows for multiple chips to be synchronised with one another all the way down to 1 microsecond. Intel decided to include this technology to benefit its manufacturing partners since it will allow them to not only improve the accuracy of the chips but also how they are synchronised while on a manufacturing line. The company will be releasing three versions of E3900 that range in power all the way down to 6.5W up to 12W. These chips will most likely not be seen in wearables or other portable devices, but will be utilised in situations where they are able to obtain the energy needed to run them from a power outlet. Intel is positioning its new E3900 chips to work with what it refers to as “edge” devices as opposed to “core” devices. Basically the company is trying to replace dumb sensors that are unable to process data with ones that are able to do so from the “edge” of the network, which will speed up the ability of IoT devices to collect and provide data. During the first half of next year, Intel is also planning to release the A3900 series, a version of the chip that will be designed specifically for use in the automotive industry. These new chips will be rated for higher temperatures and will be able to run at the higher operational temperature of 110C whereas the E3900 announced today can only run at 85C. Intel has already invested heavily into IoT technology and the release of the E3900 shows that the company will continue to do so going forward. Image Credit: StockStudio / Shutterstock  ABOUT THE AUTHOR Anthony Spadafora Anthony currently resides in South Korea where he teaches and experiences Korean technological advances first hand. Topics intel internet of things Atom E3900 Load Comments GET YOUR FREE eBOOK: LEARNING DOCKER worth £32.38 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for the ITProPortal newsletter to get this FREE 240 page eBook. + All the latest tech rumours, pre-release news, reviews & deals GET MY FREE eBOOK No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 3 How to tell if you've been hit by a DDoS attack, and 5 ways to be prepared 4 The top enterprise firewalls of 2015 5 Five of the biggest outsourcing failures 1 How flexible working is taking over, and improving, the modern office 2 ITSM is broken: establish a Centre of Excellence if you want to get it right 3 Platformification: underpinning future financial services 4 Preparing for PSD2 – How banks and retailers are approaching the five big issues around APIs 5 Why CFOs should be looking at SAM ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.

Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      IT Unmasked      Intel Stakes IoT Claim Related Content Blog :  Now Is the Time to Deal with IoT, Consumer Gear and Security Article :  Telecom and Fleet Management Enjoy a Close Relationship Intel Stakes IoT Claim Mike Vizard |   IT Unmasked   |   Posted 25 Oct, 2016          |         |     Share 5 Questions CIOs and CFOs Need to Ask to Prepare for IoT An Internet of Things (IoT) environment represents one of the most distributed computing endeavors any IT organization is likely to undertake. Intel wants to make sure, to every extent possible, that every system in the distributed IoT environment is running an Intel processor. At the IoT Solutions World Congress conference today, Intel unveiled the Intel Atom processor E3900 series, which employs 14-nanometer silicon to push processing horsepower all the way out to the very edge of distributed IoT environments. Ken Caviasca, vice president of the Intel IoT Group and general manager of platform engineering, says the goal for the Intel Atom processors E3900 series, designed to be deployed either in a sensor or right next to one, is to provide a common processing framework from the edge to the cloud. Often referred to as fog computing, the Intel Atom processors E3900 series includes a graphics engine to help drive local processing of analytics applications as close as possible to the original source of the IoT data. Obviously, Intel has a lot of competitors when it comes to the IoT. In addition to Intel’s offering, many organizations are employing everything from ARM processors to customizable field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). But Caviasca says Intel processors make it easier to converge operational technology (OT) systems with backend information technology (IT) systems that are usually already based on Intel processors. “Any processor can be used to connect to the Internet,” says Caviasca. “But that’s not the same thing as enabling convergence.” Of course, the biggest IoT challenge most organizations might face has less to do with technology than people and processes. The individuals responsible for OT systems don’t often see the world the same way traditional IT people do. It’s clear IoT is the next big technology frontier. Now, it’s not so much a question of if an organization is going to leverage IoT, but rather to what degree.          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Nov 5, 2016 8:36 AM Surinder Singh  says: I'm very grateful for that information. Reply Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Report: New Apple Inc. iMac Computers on Track for Early 2017 Release Per a report from respected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple will refresh its desktop systems in early 2017. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 25, 2016 at 10:00AM Later this week, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is hosting an event at which it is expected to unveil new MacBook computers. What wasn't clear -- at least until now -- was whether the company would make next-generation iMac desktop computers available alongside the new MacBook computers. Apple's current iMac lineup. Image source: Apple.  According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the answer to that question is "no." Kuo says that his team expects Apple to release updated 21.5-inch and 27-inch iMacs in the middle of the first half of 2017. That, at least to this Fool, seems to suggest that they will launch in the March-to-April timeframe -- perhaps not so coincidentally around the time that Apple held its "Spring Forward" event earlier this year. That makes a ton of sense. Here's why. Apple shouldn't update the iMac until Kaby Lake launches The current MacBook Air and MacBook Pro computers use old processor technology from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). The Air machines use Intel's fifth-generation Core processors, which launched back in early 2015. Intel has been shipping its sixth-generation Core processors for quite some time and is currently rolling out its seventh-generation Core processors. The MacBook Pro line is a mixed bag; the 13-inch MacBook Pro uses a fifth-generation Core processor, but the 15-inch MacBook Pro still uses a fourth-generation Core processor. The bottom line is that the MacBook Pro computers need to be upgraded at this point. In contrast, Apple's iMac lineup is in better shape in this regard. The 27-inch iMacs use Intel's sixth-generation Core processors -- the latest desktop processors currently available -- while the 21.5-inch models use a fifth-generation Core processor. Apple simply can't deliver a processor upgrade for the 27-inch iMac until early next year, when Intel's seventh-generation Core processors for desktops are expected to be available. The 21.5-inch model could potentially be updated to a sixth-generation Core processor at the October event, but it would be very strange for Apple to update just one model now. Apple's Mac business should have several good quarters Apple's Mac business should get a much-needed shot in the arm with the launch of the new MacBook systems during the October event. Apple should be able to help keep the Mac's momentum up with the launch of the new iMacs early next year. Going forward, if Apple can deliver new Mac systems at roughly an annual cadence, then it should be able to defend, if not grow, its market share within the world of personal computers going forward. However, if the company lets its Mac products stagnate again, then it risks the resumption of the market share losses it has suffered in recent quarters. Although Apple's overall revenues and profits are still dominated by sales of its iPhone line of smartphones, the Mac is still an important part of its business. During its last fiscal year, Apple's Mac product line was responsible for more than $25 billion in revenue -- more than 10% of the $233.7 billion in revenue that the company took in during that time. Apple doesn't live or die by the Mac, but until there is convincing evidence that the company's iPhone business will return to growth, the company can't afford any self-inflicted wounds to any of its major operating segments.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 10:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products LPDDR 3/2 DDR 3/3L 1600 HS PHY TSMC 40LP USB 2.0 PHY For On-The-Go Controller SuperSpeed USB 3.1 DRD Controller FlexNoC Network on Chip SoC Interconnect IP News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Tuesday Nov. 15, 2016 Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Monday Nov. 14, 2016 Creonic Delivers New CCSDS LDPC Forward Error Correction IP Core Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs IP-SoC 2016: IP Innovation, Foundries, IoT and Security SemiWiki - Eric Esteve US Plans To Scupper China's Chip Ambitions Mannerisms - David Manners Is FPGA Intel Next Big Thing for IoT ? SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Intel, ARM Battle over IoT Explosion of end nodes makes MCUs strategic Rick Merritt, EETimes 10/25/2016 09:00 AM EDT SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The battle for the Internet of Things heats up this week as Intel and ARM fire off competing announcements to establish their microprocessor architectures on its broad frontiers. Intel announced its first Atom SoC with real-time capabilities tailored for automotive and industrial markets. Less than two miles away from Intel’s headquarters, ARM kicked off its annual developer’s conference with news it is bringing hardware security to its lowest-end microcontroller cores. ARM has a clear lead in the emerging ground game for end nodes with its Cortex-M microcontrollers. Intel, the world’s largest semiconductor company, ranks 17th among MCU vendors with its relatively new Quark x86 chips, making it about equal with Panasonic and Sharp according to market watcher IHS Inc. Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Counterpoint:With MIPS still growing, battle isn't over Why ARM has the upper hand over Intel: analysts ARM's Got Leverage in Intel Battle Intel, ARM on even footing in Net of Things, says IDC ARM gets weapon in server battle vs. Intel   Breaking News Packet Introduces Global ARMv8-A Bare Metal Cloud to Power Container and IoT Workloads Imagination Technologies Adopts Synopsys STAR Memory System for Embedded Memory Test and Repair for New MIPS Processor SMIC and IMECAS Sign A Cooperation Agreement for MEMS R&D and Foundry Platform Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Real Intent Announces Meridian RDC, a New Product for Reset Domain Crossing Sign-off   See Latest News >> Most Popular Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Denso to launch joint research on multithreaded CPU cores with Imagination Technologies Socionext Announces New Low-Power, Scalable ARM-based Multi-Core Processor SoC Xilinx Reconfigurable Acceleration Stack Delivers Fastest Path to 2-6x Compute Efficiency over FPGA Competition   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Intel Capital invests $38m in 12 tech startups 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Google, Facebook to block ads to fake news sites Apple mulls AR glasses in possible wearables expansion 5 UK start-ups changing business with AI Apple mulls AR glasses in possible wearables expansion IMAX raises $50m for VR content Fitbit denies takeover bid rumours IBM, Nvidia collaborate on deep learning, AI hardware 5G services need low cost mobile spectrum Governments warned Samsung bets on connected cars with $8 billion Harman acquisition Smart devices are simple when it comes to cybersecurity 5G services need low cost mobile spectrum Governments warned Artificial Intelligence Ethics, Jobs & Trust – UK Government Sets Out AI future IBM, Nvidia collaborate on deep learning, AI hardware 5 UK start-ups changing business with AI IBM Watson to find out why cancer becomes drug registant Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Elon Musk’s artificial intelligence group signs Microsoft cloud deal AWS cuts EC2 prices Hortonworks lands Hadoop Spark on AWS Cloud Travis Perkins turns to IBM Cloud to improve customer experience AWS reveals on-premises Linux test environment Brexit price rise hits software, cloud and devices – here are the tech companies charging more US election: Canada immigration site crashes as Trump defeats Clinton Government IT spending to be driven by cloud and storage – Dell EMC report How businesses can survive Black Friday 2016 Hortonworks lands Hadoop Spark on AWS Cloud Microsoft goes open source native with Pivotal Cloud Foundry Orange introduces Easy Go Network as part of NaaS strategy Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Sony denies PlayStation hack reports as users complain of account lock Teenager pleads guilty to TalkTalk hack offences, tells court he was ‘just showing off’ A lesson from AdultFriendFinder hack: make credentials worthless to hackers A lesson from AdultFriendFinder hack: make credentials worthless to hackers Wi-Fi better than sex, chocolate & alcohol? Mobile pros think so Pushing the envelope: How much should you risk on cyber security innovation? Pushing the envelope: How much should you risk on cyber security innovation? Facebook buys black market passwords for user account safety Sophos sees revenues rise as it targets SME cyber security market A lesson from AdultFriendFinder hack: make credentials worthless to hackers Smart devices are simple when it comes to cybersecurity 412 million accounts hacked in FriendFinder Networks data breach Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Wi-Fi better than sex, chocolate & alcohol? Mobile pros think so Smart devices are simple when it comes to cybersecurity 5G services need low cost mobile spectrum Governments warned US election results – key US mainstream media outlets online for reaction and results US elections 2016- the biggest online only news streams including Google news, Facebook, Buzzfeed and Yahoo How to follow the US Election: Best Twitter, Facebook, Reddit accounts for election results, news & commentary Fintech Adyen taps China’s WeChat Pay for 400 million customers What do Google Play Music and Amazon Unlimited say about the future of music streaming? Amazon Unlimited launches in UK with Amazon Echo deal Telco and mobile bundles: Best Sky and BT Black Friday deals Google and Facebook lobby Trump for “open internet” BT launches cloud collaboration and roaming plans after EE buy Apple cuts dongle prices as critics slam Macbook Pro ports LastPass secures mobile devices with free password syncing Alienware rolls out first compact VR gaming notebook Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular CEOs are flying blind on technology risk – they need insight from CIOs to avoid catastrophe Tesco was warned before hack – claim cyber security firms Data centre operators warned to prepare for Black Friday traffic surge Microsoft bets big on wind energy for green data centres Data centre management – linking assets across the cloud Cisco pushes new modular storage servers as alternative to public cloud 5 data centre efficiency metrics you need to know Data centre efficiency warning – firms need to make better use of tools and metrics Stay cool – Strange ways and new tech to stay cool in the data centre Data centre management – linking assets across the cloud Cisco pushes new modular storage servers as alternative to public cloud Colt continues European push with new Frankfurt data centre Big Data Analytics Facebook’s Zuckerberg claims fake news on site did not swing Trump victory CBR Exclusive: How BMW optimised supply chain big data with Teradata ESA powers Earth Observation Analysis Service with SAP HANA Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation 5 of the best portable storage deals from Seagate to Samsung Hyperconvergence – how far can it penetrate the enterprise data centre? SUSE, Microsoft, Linux and containers: open source continues its enterprise march CEOs are flying blind on technology risk – they need insight from CIOs to avoid catastrophe Siemens acquires software maker for $4.5bn How to disrupt and succeed with innovation NHS email system crashes after mail sent to 840,000 addresses IBM, Nvidia collaborate on deep learning, AI hardware Data centre operators warned to prepare for Black Friday traffic surge AT&T and Colt claim software defined networking (SDN) breakthrough Centurylink funds Level 3 buyout with 57 data centres sell off IT giants go in search of zero downtime standard for enterprise IT CEOs are flying blind on technology risk – they need insight from CIOs to avoid catastrophe Tesco was warned before hack – claim cyber security firms BT to hold a Dragons’ Den for startups in search for new apps and services CEOs are flying blind on technology risk – they need insight from CIOs to avoid catastrophe Hyperconvergence – how far can it penetrate the enterprise data centre? Orange introduces Easy Go Network as part of NaaS strategy Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers LDiscovery acquires data recovery firm Kroll Ontrack In flight broadband gets high speed take off on Lufthansa All Verticals Back to Home Intel Capital invests $38m in 12 tech startups Increase / Decrease text size By CBR Staff Writer Hannah Williams 25th October 2016 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Add to favorites The companies are developing breakthrough technologies to transform lives and industries. Intel Capital, the venture arm of chip giant Intel, has invested $38m in 12 technology startups across a range of innovative technologies, including big data analytics, autonomous machines, augmented reality, and virtual reality. The announcement was made at the chip maker’s annual Intel Capital Global Summit. The companies that secured investment focus on creating solutions for seniors and disabled people using the Internet of Things. The startups also undertake advanced audio for 360-degree virtual reality systems and human-like vision systems for connected cars. Among the investments Intel has made include autonomous machines firms such as Chronocam, Embodied, and Perrone Robotics. Chinese firms Eazytec, Grand Chip Microelectronics and US companies Paxata and StealthMine have secured investments for data and connectivity. Other investments include in sports and health categories in companies like CubeWorks, Kinduct, and K4Connect. Immersive audio firm Dysonics and cloud-based virtual reality solutions provider InContext Solutions have also secured undisclosed investments from Intel Capital. Intel senior vice president and Intel Capital president Wendell Brooks said: “Innovation is exploding as the world transforms into an increasingly smart and connected place, where billions of devices will be made even smarter by intelligence in the cloud. “We’re excited to team with these visionary entrepreneurs developing breakthrough technologies to transform lives and industries.” Intel Capital supports innovative startups targeting computing and smart devices, cloud, datacenter, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. The company invested over $11.8bn since 1991 in 1,478 companies globally, and 617 portfolio firms have gone public or been acquired. The 17th annual Intel Capital Global Summit in San Diego, California is expected to draw about 1,000 entrepreneurs, investors and business luminaries for an event that hopes to shape the future of technology. Tags Augmented reality Autonomous Homepage News List Intel Technologies Virtual Reality Previous ArticleCIOs say IT skills gap hampers digital transformation Next ArticleIn flight broadband gets high speed take off on Lufthansa Most read Cloud forces data centre traffic into the zettabyte era James Nunns 11th November 2016 London tech jobs to grow by a fifth despite Brexit Ellie Burns 11th November 2016 75,000 data protection officers needed worldwide for GDPR CBR Staff Writer 11th November 2016 Latest White Papers Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Monitor Continuously. Respond Swiftly. By Intel McAfee Labs Threats Report By Intel Editor’s Pick 5 of the best portable storage deals from Seagate to Samsung James Nunns 15th November 2016 What do Google Play Music and Amazon Unlimited say about the future of music streaming? Alexander Sword 14th November 2016 Pushing the envelope: How much should you risk on cyber security innovation? Alexander Sword 11th November 2016 5 UK start-ups changing business with AI Hannah Williams 11th November 2016 CBR Exclusive: How BMW optimised supply chain big data with Teradata James Nunns 10th November 2016 Related News Markets Sony denies PlayStation hack reports as users complain of account lock Alexander Sword 15th November 2016 5 of the best portable storage deals from Seagate to Samsung James Nunns 15th November 2016 Markets Telco and mobile bundles: Best Sky and BT Black Friday deals Alexander Sword 15th November 2016 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Elon Musk’s artificial intelligence group signs Microsoft cloud deal James Nunns 15th November 2016 Internet of Things 5 UK start-ups changing business with AI Hannah Williams 11th November 2016 4th Revolution Artificial Intelligence Ethics, Jobs & Trust – UK Government Sets Out AI future Ellie Burns 10th November 2016 Latest in Analysis Markets What do Google Play Music and Amazon Unlimited say about the future of music streaming? Alexander Sword 14th November 2016 CEOs are flying blind on technology risk – they need insight from CIOs to avoid catastrophe Ambrose McNevin 14th November 2016 Cover-up involving ‘The Paranoids’? Latest Yahoo Hack twist shows true cost of cyber attacks Ellie Burns 10th November 2016 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Sony denies PlayStation hack reports as users complain of account lock 14 hours ago 5 of the best portable storage deals from Seagate to Samsung 14 hours ago Telco and mobile bundles: Best Sky and BT Black Friday deals 15 hours ago Teenager pleads guilty to TalkTalk hack offences, tells court he was ‘just showing off’ 15 hours ago A lesson from AdultFriendFinder hack: make credentials worthless to hackers 15 hours ago Elon Musk’s artificial intelligence group signs Microsoft cloud deal 16 hours ago AWS cuts EC2 prices 16 hours ago Hortonworks lands Hadoop Spark on AWS Cloud 17 hours ago Google and Facebook lobby Trump for “open internet” 20 hours ago Fintech Adyen taps China’s WeChat Pay for 400 million customers 20 hours ago Google, Facebook to block ads to fake news sites 20 hours ago BT launches cloud collaboration and roaming plans after EE buy 21 hours ago Wi-Fi better than sex, chocolate & alcohol? Mobile pros think so 21 hours ago Apple mulls AR glasses in possible wearables expansion 22 hours ago Microsoft bets big on wind energy for green data centres 22 hours ago Microsoft goes open source native with Pivotal Cloud Foundry 22 hours ago
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> SOC Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> SOC Intel Announces Atom E3900 Series - Goldmont for the Internet of Things & More by Ryan Smith on October 25, 2016 9:00 AM EST Posted in SOC Intel Atom Auto IoT Goldmont 19 Comments | Add A Comment 19 Comments + Add A Comment Kicking off a busy day for the Internet of Things market, Intel this morning is announcing the Atom E3900 series. Based upon the company’s latest generation Goldmont Atom CPU core, the E3900 series will be Intel’s most serious and dedicated project yet for the IoT market. We’ve talked about Intel’s IoT efforts off and on over the past couple of years. Having largely missed the boat on mobile, the company decided it wouldn’t miss IoT as well, and as a result they’ve been making significant investments into the IoT market, treating it as a fourth pillar of their business. Their efforts have not gone unrewarded, as IoT revenue has continued to quickly grow over the years, and as of Q3’16, IoT is now Intel’s third largest business by revenue, ahead of non-volatile memory and behind only client and data center revenue. Furthermore with 19% year-over-year growth, IoT still looks like a growing market for the company. Overall the company offers a number of IoT products, ranging from the tiny Curie to the relatively powerful Atom E-series. However to date, the company has never built a dedicated, high-end IoT die. The Atom E3800 series were Bay Trail, and the recently announced Joule devices use Broxton, Intel’s canceled-for-mobile Atom SoC. However today that will be changing, as the launch of the Atom E3900 series brings with it Intel’s first custom silicon targeting the roughly 6W to 12W market of more powerful IoT devices. So what does an IoT-centric Atom look like? By and large, it’s Broxton and more. At its core we’re looking at 2 or 4 Goldmont CPU cores, paired with 12 or 18 EU configurations of Intel’s Gen9 iGPU. However this is where the similarities stop. Once we get past the CPU and GPU, Intel has added new features specifically for IoT in some areas, and in other areas they’ve gone and reworked the design entirely to meet specific physical and technical needs of the IoT market. The big changes here are focused on security, determinism, and networking. Security is self-evident: Intel’s customers need to be able to build devices that will go out into the field and be hardened against attackers. Bits and pieces of this are inerieted from Intel’s existing Trusted Execution Technology, while other pieces, such as boot time measuring, are new. The latter is particularly interesting, as Intel is measuring the boot time of a system as a canary for if it’s been compromised. If the boot time suddenly and unexpectedly changes, then there’s a good chance the firmware and/or OS has been replaced. Meanwhile also new to the E3900 series is what Intel is calling their Time Coordinated Computing Technology.  This high precision timing mechanism is to allow multiple Atom E3900s to be tightly synchronized, down to 1 microsecond. We’re told that this feature is of particular interest to Intel’s manufacturing partners, as a means to improve accuracy and synchronization between devices on a manufacturing line. Finally, a bit more nebulous, the E3900 die also includes some changes specifically to improve determinism. What Intel is pitching here isn’t hard determinism, but a higher level of determinism for devices that need better guarantees about how soon an action will be completed. Apparently a big part of implementing this is at the cache level, with Intel noting that polling loops in particular were greatly impacted by this change. All told, Intel will be offering 3 SKUs of the E3900, ranging from 6.5W to 12W. As relatively high power processors these aren’t meant for wearables and such, but rather primarily devices on mains power where additional intelligence is needed. In Intel terminology, the E3900 is focused on “edge” devices as opposed to “core” devices. The idea being that Intel wants to move out data processing to the edge of an IoT network – into sensors and such devices – as opposed to having to use a dumb sensor that sends data back for processing. Intel’s 3 big markets here are the video/sensor, industrial, and automotive market. The first and last in particular are areas that the previous E3800 couldn’t readily compete in, due to a lack of processing power for image processing and video encoding. Thanks in big part to the Gen9 GPU and some E3900-specific Image Processing Unit (IPU) changes – the chip can support 15 1080p30 video inputs – Intel can now go after these markets. And that may be the biggest part of this story here for Intel: they haven’t had a part like the E3900 before. The Bay Trail based E3800 had a decent enough CPU, but it’s the E3900 where GPU computing and computer vision become viable, and this is the cornerstone of a lot of new functionality. Of course, hardware is only part of the picture. Along with the E3900 itself, Intel will also be shipping a number of software libraries to help developers take better advantage of the hardware, and really, bootstrap the whole process. A good deal of this is on the image processing side, providing functions that tap into the hardware’s new image processing capabilities. Finally, in the first-half of next year, the E3900 series will be joined by the A3900 series. This is an automotive-specific SKU that is rated for higher operational temperatures; 110C versus 85C for the E3900. As we mentioned before automotive is a big part of Intel’s efforts here, and that means matching automotive tolerances. Given the performance of these chips, we don’t get the impression that Intel’s entering the fully autonomous car market right now, but they are hoping to go after some lower hanging fruit with driver assistance and in-car entertainment systems. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 19 Comments View All Comments melgross - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Certainly a major pivot for them. This is much more specialized than previous offerings. It also seems to end the speculation of Intel moving back into the smartphone space. Reply Pork@III - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link 106 to 187 GFlops graphic performance may be BADLY low for new generation SoC? Reply BrokenCrayons - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Agreed. On top of that the TDP target for reaching that level of performance is disappointing as well. Then again, for IoT where the chip is acting as a controller for some sort of black-box device that's constantly fed mains power and doesn't have a the same display responsibilities as a more traditional computing device, it may not matter much. Reply Cygni - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link I don't think you understand what this chip is for. Reply Pork@III - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link If You and Intel maked cut off with "& more" I will be understand... Reply Morawka - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link how much better is Tegra X1 at Graphics performance and at what TDP? Reply SquarePeg - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Tegra X1 performance as reported here at Anandtech is 512 GFLOPS (FP32) - 1024 GFLOPS (FP16) @ 10 watts. Reply Alexvrb - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Those X1 performance figures are with the GPU clocked at 1Ghz and a TDP of 15W. The 10W figure is Nvidia's power consumption estimate under who knows what workloads. The only number worth talking about is the 15W TDP. Speaking of which, that's well within the configurable range of Merlin Falcon AMD embedded quadcores. Even at 28nm and configured at a 15W TDP (they can be configured down to 12W), the embedded AMD APUs would be quite competitive with X1. Especially the 8CU models. But Atom and X1 are probably cheaper, and for many embedded applications (such as IoT) you just don't need the oomph. Especially graphics. Fun to talk about though. Reply hojnikb - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Will there be any reviews of apollo lake ? I'm very interested in cpu performance and media playback capability. Reply Ryan Smith - Wednesday, October 26, 2016 - link Yes, there will be. Though I don't have a solid date for you quite yet. Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel introduces Atom E3900 processors to power IoT The new series of chips are designed to unlock the potential of edge and fog computing, with a focus on industrial IoT, the transportation industry and retail. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | October 25, 2016 -- 13:00 GMT (06:00 PDT) | Topic: Processors Intel on Tuesday officially unveiled its Atom Processor E3900 Series, designed to support the complex and rapidly-developing Internet of Things (IoT). The processors were announced during Intel vice president Jonathan Ballon's keynote at the IoT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona. CEO Brian Krzanich earlier this year stressed his commitment to "transforming Intel from a PC company to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices." While the company has taken an "end-to-end" approach to IoT, the E3900 series is specifically designed to power edge devices and fog computing. "As you grow towards 50 billion connected devices at the edge, you have access to an enormous amount of data," Ken Caviasca, vice president of Intel's IoT Group and general manager of Platform Engineering and Development, told ZDNet. "Data processing could occur at multiple points -- at the core, fog, or back into the data center cloud." While intensive data processing has typically happened in the cloud, Caviasca said that factors like the falling cost of sensing, and the reduced costs of connectivity and computing, could change that. "We feel that over the last five years the economics for turning on and unleashing the edge data has become very favorable," he said. Caviasca looked at the vertical needs of industrial IoT, the transportation industry and retail, building on the strong customer relationships built with the deployment of the E3800. The E3900 series meets their needs with higher levels of security, determinism, and image and video processing power. The E3900 has more than 1.7 times more computing power over the previous generation within the same thermal envelope, enabling the faster memory speeds and memory bandwidth needed for edge-to-cloud network computing. It's built into a compact flip chip ball grid array (FCBGA) and features 14 nanometer silicon technology. The series also features Intel's ninth-generation graphics engine, which improves 3D graphics performance by 2.9 times over the E3800 series and supports as many as three independent displays. Additionally, the E3900 series has four vector image processing units, resulting in better visibility, quality video in low light, noise reduction, and color and detail preservation. The demand for high-performance video capabilities spans sectors, Caviasca said, with applications like digital security surveillance, industrial inspection cameras, and edge device data aggregation coming from automobiles. To ensure faster connections that keep devices in sync, the processor series features Intel's Time Coordinated Computing (TCC) Technology. By synchronizing clocks inside the system on a chip (SoC) and across the network, TCC Technology can achieve network accuracy to within a microsecond. This opens a whole new market for Intel that the E3800 couldn't serve because of lack of determinism. Meanwhile, the series has several enhanced and multiple new security features. For instance, the dedicated security coprocessor, the Trusted Execution Engine 3.0, effectively prevents malware or unauthorized software from tampering on low-level devices. It uses signing technology to make sure that with any software code change, the device won't boot. It also allows for monitoring of physical tampering of a platform. Meanwhile, Intel's Platform Trust Techcnology allows customers to store hardware secrets and keys in a more protected way. The series also includes a wide range of features around securing and recovering an in-device system -- features that could stop denial-of-service attacks that occur due to mistakes like failing to change default passwords on network cameras. "We're working with these technologies to make it more fail-proof as you implement a system," Caviasca said. The security features, he said, create a foundation for both ensuring privacy and securing against threats -- the two domains of security that matter as IT merges with OT. Intel already has about 30 customers for the E3900 series ready for launch, with the largest design pipeline Intel has ever had for any Atom product in the IoT space. Its early customers include a few key auto OEMs, including Delphi, which is using the E3900 series for its integrated cockpit controller -- a software-defined cockpit with multiple higher resolution displays, intuitive voice recognition and other apps. Hikvision -- which is already partnering with Intel-acquired company Movidius on smart surveillance cameras -- is also using the E3900 series for surveillance applications. Its network video recorder, for instance, is using the processor series to deliver low-cost video streams. The processors can handle all of the encoding and processing -- on the platform itself -- for 15 streams of 1080p at 30 frames a second coming in directly. special feature IoT: The Security Challenge The Internet of Things is creating serious new security risks. We examine the possibilities and the dangers. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Processors Qualcomm posts strong Q4 results Processors Turning pings into packets: Why the future of computers looks a lot like your brain Mobility MacBook Pro: AMD lifts lid on GPUs exclusive to Apple's new 15-inch models Internet of Things Qualcomm buys NXP in deal valued at $47 billion, diversifies into Internet of things × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Intel, ARM Battle over IoT Explosion of end nodes makes MCUs strategic Rick Merritt 10/25/2016 09:00 AM EDT 3 comments 1 saves Login to Rate Tweet SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The battle for the Internet of Things heats up this week as Intel and ARM fire off competing announcements to establish their microprocessor architectures on its broad frontiers. Intel announced its first Atom SoC with real-time capabilities tailored for automotive and industrial markets. Less than two miles away from Intel’s headquarters, ARM kicked off its annual developer’s conference with news it is bringing hardware security to its lowest-end microcontroller cores. ARM has a clear lead in the emerging ground game for end nodes with its Cortex-M microcontrollers. Intel, the world’s largest semiconductor company, ranks 17th among MCU vendors with its relatively new Quark x86 chips, making it about equal with Panasonic and Sharp according to market watcher IHS Inc. “Renesas, NXP and Microchip are an order of magnitude ahead of Intel in MCUs,” said Tom Hackenberg who tracks the sector for IHS. The market for chips that sometimes sell for less than $1 is new to Intel and strategic to IoT. “What makes IoT a new area are the advancements in end nodes, pushing the intelligence down to apps that didn’t have that Internet access before,” said Hackenberg. While it’s not yet discussing it publicly, Intel has a plan, and the current Quark chips are just its first foray. The company is said to have as many as six other x86 microcontroller designs in the works. “Intel tried getting into deeply embedded systems with [ARM-based] Xscale [chips several years ago], and it didn’t work particularly well. Now they decided they can do it by redesigning the x86,” said Hackenberg. To compete with the leaders in MCUs, Intel needs to deliver Quark x86 chips that: Deliver 1-milliwatt active power levels to compete with Cortex-M0 chips Include the rich portfolio of memory, I/O and connectivity options of ARM’s partners Target specific vertical markets, such as an automotive MCU with multiple CAN buses Bring its x86 programming tools and partners into the MCU world Make it as easy to support a hardware root-of-trust as ARM has with its new TrustZone CryptoCell “The embedded word does not know security well and in the years to come it will be a huge issue,” Hackenberg said. Next page: A first look inside Intel’s Quark An August paper at Hot Chips provided a look inside the first iteration of Intel's Quark x86 microcontroller. (Images: Intel) Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 3 Next > More Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Quark, Low Power? I think not mithrandir   10/25/2016 1:51:08 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate In what universe is 35mW low power? Even if the chip was running at 1.8V that would still equate to 18mA of active current draw! This is an order of magnitude higher than most world class low power MCUs. Typical consumption of leading ARM M4 MCUs(40~65nm) hover around 50uA/MHz which will put them at a significant advantage power wise. Even older node M4s average around 280uA/MHz which is still 3x lower at the same clock speed. Granted the x86 may offer other advantages(none I can think of) but I don't believe Intel is serious about wooing this class of embedded customers if they think they can get away with a 180nm process.  Anyone have any real hands-on with developing applications for the Quark? Is the library/compiler/development environment something special? Anything even remotely comparable to the massive amount of freely available info for ARM? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Chip temp limit must be in degrees C pifourth   10/25/2016 1:45:09 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Great article, as usual, from Rick Merritt. A minor correction: "The E3900 is sampling now in versions supporting operating temperatures up to 85 degrees F with production early next year. Versions supporting operation up to 110 degrees F for automotive will arrive by June."   85 degrees F and 110 degrees F don't make sense.  It must be 85 degrees C and 110 degrees C.      Thanks, Tom Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Freelancer Nice article witeken   10/25/2016 1:21:00 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Good job, nice read. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Interset October 25, 2016 08:19 ET Interset to Demo First DXL-enabled Security Analytics for Risk-Based Threat Detection at Intel Focus Security Conference OTTAWA, ON--(Marketwired - Oct 25, 2016) -  Interset will demonstrate the first service for advanced threat detection based on the McAfee Data Exchange (DXL), Intel's architecture for enabling an adaptive security ecosystem, at the annual FOCUS security conference in Las Vegas, Nov. 1-3. The McAfee DXL-enabled Interset platform leverages Interset's approach to risk-based threat detection with extensive, out-of-the-box analytical models and broad data-class collection and correlation to deliver unprecedented visibility into threats. With Interset, security organizations can learn: What are the most likely compromised accounts or lateral movers in my organization? Which are the most likely insider threats or potential data thieves? What are the highest risk accounts, machines, or files? Which are the top riskiest events? What threats are unfolding now, and should they be prioritized and mitigated? The DXL-enabled Interset platform will integrate with Intel products such as the McAfee Threat Intelligence Exchange (TIE), McAfee Active Response (MAR), and McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator Cloud. McAfee DXL ensures that any DXL-enabled product can exchange relevant security and event-management data in near real time. Interset previously announced a direct connector and integration with McAfee ESM. According to Interset CTO Stephan Jou: "Our customers tell us they're very excited about DXL because it means that any DXL-enabled product can leverage Interset security analytics to quickly understand the risk score of any user, machine, application or file. This level of coordination will mean much greater visibility into the systems and situations where attacks occur and much faster, automated detection and response." The new DXL integration is part of Interset 5, being demonstrated for the first time in the Interset and Intel booths. Interset's booth is located in the SIA Partner Pavilion. Attendees can learn more about how Interset applies security analytics to detect and stop threats as they unfold during the session, "Cyberhunting in Action with McAfee Enterprise Security Manager (SIEM) and User Behavior Analytics" on Thurs., Nov. 3 at 4:30 p.m. FOCUS, Intel Security's annual security conference, brings together leading security specialists -- from C-level executives, directors, and mid-managers to product developers and front-line IT staff -- to exchange ideas, gain valuable knowledge to implement their security initiatives, and share real-world experiences. FOCUS will be held Tues., Nov. 1, 2016, through Thurs., Nov. 3, 2016, at ARIA Resort and Casino in Las Vegas. Register at focus.intelsecurity.com/focus2016/. Recent News from Interset Interset Named 2016 Most Innovative Security Analytics Company by SINET In-Q-Tel Invests in User Behavior Analytics Leader Interset to Stay Ahead of Cyber Attacks on Sensitive Data About Interset  Interset provides highly intelligent, accurate insider and targeted outsider threat detection. Our solution unlocks the power of user behavioral analytics, machine learning, and big data to provide the fastest, most flexible, and affordable way for IT teams to operationalize a data-protection program. Utilizing agentless data collectors, lightweight endpoint sensors, advanced behavioral analytics, and an intuitive user interface, Interset provides unparalleled visibility into sensitive data. This enables early attack detection and actionable forensic intelligence with reduced false positives and noise. Interset solutions are deployed to protect critical data across the manufacturing, life sciences, high-tech, finance, government, aerospace and defense, and securities brokerage industries. For more information, visit Interset.com and follow us on Twitter @intersetca.  Contact Information Contact: Betsy Kosheff Email Contact 413-232-7057   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 Beaten-up Virtual Reality Stocks: Are They Bargains? Are Intel and InvenSense good contrarian plays on the fledgling VR market? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 25, 2016 at 7:05AM There's been a lot of hype recently about the virtual and augmented reality markets. Tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital believes that the global VR market could reach $30 billion by 2020, while the AR market could be worth a whopping $120 billion. Image source: Getty Images. That bullishness has lifted many VR-related stocks -- like Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Sony (NYSE:SNE), AMD, and Ambarella -- and made it tough to find any beaten-down plays on this growing market. Therefore, let's take a closer look at two VR-related stocks that didn't rally and outperform the market in 2016 -- Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and InvenSense (NYSE:INVN). Are these two laggards actually value plays on the VR market? Or do their core businesses face too many headwinds to make them compelling buys? What's Intel's VR strategy? Intel stock has stayed nearly flat over the past year due to ongoing concerns about sluggish PC sales and weak demand for its data center chips. Those two businesses still generate the lion's share of Intel's revenue, although the chipmaker has been expanding into adjacent markets like Internet of Things (IoT) modules, non-volatile memory, and virtual reality. Back in August, Intel unveiled Project Alloy, a mixed reality headset which is powered by Intel's sixth generation Core processor and RealSense depth-sensing cameras. The headset, which is similar to Microsoft's HoloLens, uses depth-sensing cameras that enable it to project "holographic" computer images on top of real-life objects. Unlike Facebook's Oculus Rift and Sony's PlayStation VR, the Alloy is an "all-in-one" headset which doesn't need to be tethered to a high-end PC or console. Project Alloy. Image source: Intel. Intel is offering Project Alloy as an open-source reference design for companies in a bid to gain market share in the headset market. If that effort pays off, it could evolve into a new stream of revenue for Intel over the next few years, considering that Piper Jaffray estimates that annual shipments of VR headsets could reach 500 million by 2025. That plan sounds promising, but Intel's rival Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) also recently launched a similar VR reference design powered by its Snapdragon 820 processors. If Qualcomm leverages its dominance in the mobile market against Intel, Project Alloy might flop and shatter Intel's VR and AR ambitions. What's InvenSense's VR strategy? InvenSense, the chipmaker which produces motion sensors for iPhones and other mobile devices, shed about 30% of its market value this year due to slowing smartphone sales and tough competition from larger rivals like STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) and Bosch. That's why InvenSense's revenue has fallen by double digits annually over the past two quarters. To diversify away from motion sensors for smartphones and tablet (which generated over 60% of its sales last quarter), InvenSense has been selling more sensors for IoT devices, drones, and VR and AR headsets. InvenSense's sensors already power the HTC Vive. During last quarter's conference call, InvenSense CEO Behrooz Abdi said that the company was developing a new "motion tracking device specifically designed to meet their rigorous performance demands of head mounted displays." Abdi also noted that popular AR games like Pokemon Go could boost demand for higher-accuracy motion sensors in newer smartphones. HTC Vive. Image source: HTC. That strategy sounds ambitious, but Bosch and STMicro are pretty tough competitors. Several headsets, including the Oculus Rift, use Bosch's sensors instead of InvenSense's. STMicro, which produces the motion sensors for the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch, could eventually switch back to STMicro's sensors for its iDevices -- which would likely leave a gaping hole in InvenSense's top line. But are Intel and InvenSense bargains? Like most other VR-related stocks, Intel and InvenSense aren't really "pure plays" on the market. Intel is still mostly valued on its PC and data center businesses, while InvenSense's future relies heavily on orders from Apple, Samsung, and other major mobile device makers. If those businesses aren't healthy, it probably won't matter if headset makers embrace Intel's Project Alloy or InvenSense's next-gen VR motion sensors. Looking ahead, analysts expect Intel to grow its annual earnings by 10% per year over the next five years, giving it a 5-year PEG (price-to-earnings growth) ratio of 1.5. That isn't really "cheap," since a PEG ratio under 1 is considered undervalued, but it's much lower than InvenSense's 5-year PEG ratio of 3.2 -- which assumes an annual earnings growth rate of 20% over the same period. That makes Intel look cheaper than InvenSense, but I wouldn't call it a "bargain" due to the ongoing headwinds facing its PC and data center businesses. Therefore, investors should pay attention to Intel and InvenSense's VR efforts, but they shouldn't invest in either company based solely on those headline-grabbing efforts. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ambarella, Apple, Facebook, InvenSense, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 7:05AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $9.23 up $0.11 (1.21%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $117.20 up $2.12 (1.84%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.87 up $1.14 (1.97%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $6.97 up $0.18 (2.65%) Sony NYSE:SNE $29.61 down $0.38 (-1.27%) Ambarella NASDAQ:AMBA $62.20 up $2.16 (3.60%) InvenSense NYSE:INVN $7.82 up $0.10 (1.30%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Generic Governors Support Coming For Intel P-State Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 25 October 2016 at 06:21 AM EDT. Add A Comment Rafael Wysocki of Intel has been hacking an interesting improvement into the Intel P-State CPU frequency scaling driver for the Linux kernel. Rafael Wysocki, the Linux PM/ACPI maintainer, has been working on support for being able to use generic CPUFreq governors within the P-State driver, which would allow using things like the Schedutil governor within this scaling driver used by modern Intel CPUs. Wysocki explained with the experimental patch he's hoping to see tested by the Linux community: There may be reasons to use generic cpufreq governors (eg. schedutil) on Intel platforms instead of the intel_pstate driver's internal governor. However, that currently can only be done by disabling intel_pstate altogether and using the acpi-cpufreq driver instead of it, which is subject to limitations. First of all, acpi-cpufreq only works on systems where the _PSS object is present in the ACPI tables for all logical CPUs. Second, on those systems acpi-cpufreq will only use frequencies listed by _PSS which may be suboptimal. In particular, by convention, the whole turbo range is represented in _PSS as a single P-state and the frequency assigned to it is greater by 1 MHz than the greatest non-turbo frequency listed by _PSS. That may confuse governors to use turbo frequencies less frequently which may lead to suboptimal performance. For this reason, make it possible to use the intel_pstate driver with generic cpufreq governors as a "normal" cpufreq driver. That mode is enforced by adding intel_pstate=passive to the kernel command line and cannot be disabled at run time. In that mode, intel_pstate provides a cpufreq driver interface including the ->target() and ->fast_switch() callbacks and is listed in scaling_driver as "intel_cpufreq".Should be fun to test and hopefully will see mainline support for intel_pstate=passive in the Linux 4.10 kernel. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Patches Updated, Now On By Default For Multi-Socket Systems Intel Stages More DRM Driver Changes For Linux 4.10 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Intel Publishes Open-Source Graphics Driver Code For Bringing Up "Geminilake" Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
null
null
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer well-rounded Digital Signage Solutions The LEC-7388S is a 4K-ready digital signage IPC, powered by the Intel Haswell processors and the Intel HD Graphic 4600 GPU. LEC-7388S_front   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Digital Signage IPC * Embedded Box PCs * Video Surveillance By Industry: * ComputersNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Oct. 25, 2016 - PRLog -- Lanner is delighted to join hands with Rapid Signage to offer a powerful and well-rounded digital signage solution for smart retail/dining, intelligent vending, real-time Information push and interactive education. Lanner's LEC-7388S, a compact and OPS-compliant digital signage appliance built with Intel®'s 4th generation Core™ i5/i3 processors comes equipped with Intel's HD Graphic 4600 GPU and is Crestron 4K-certified, offering hardware-based support for 4K decoders on 2x HDMI ports and 1x Display Port. Also featured are 1x swappable 2.5" HDD/SSD, 16GB of DDR3L memory, 3x USB 3.0 ports, 2x USB 2.0 ports and 1x mini-PCIe slot with SIM card reader. The LEC-7388S is made viable by and benefits from Rapid Signage Central Management System (RS-CMS), a content and device management software suite for administering multimedia delivery and 100+ screens. The RS-CMS takes a three-pronged approach to digital signage management, offering dynamic and powerful features for content design/scheduling, system monitoring/logging and access control/authorization. Lanner and Rapid Signage together are committed to setting the industry standard for the digital signage market. Contact Lanner for more information. LEC-7388S 4K-Ready Digital Signage IPC Powered by the Intel "Haswell" Processors - 4K Ultra HD resolution (3,840 x 2,160) video playback - Support 4th Generation Intel Core i3, Core i5 or Celeron CPU - Intel AMT remote management - Swappable 2.5" HDD/SSD Drive Bay - Intel QM87 chipset - Support DDR3L Memory up to 16GB - Intel HD Graphics 4600 - Intel i217AT LAN controller - 1 mini-PCIe slot with SIM card reader - 3 x USB 3.0 and 2 x USB 2.0 ports To know more about this product: http://www.lannerinc.com/products/all-purpose-box-compute... About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Lanner Electronics Inc. ***@lannerinc.com End Source : Lanner Electronics Inc. » Follow Email : ***@lannerinc.com Listed Under- Tags : Digital Signage IPC, Embedded Box PCs, Video Surveillance Industry : Computers Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Lanner Electronics Inc. PRs Lanner Partners with Versa Networks to Enhance SD-WAN and vCPE Solutions at Customer Site Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications Lanner Adds NCA-1210 into its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup The LEC-2580: Unsurpassed in Performance, Flexibility and Scalability Lanner Adds NCA-1011 to Expand Its vCPE, Edge Security Product Lineup Trending News Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 Long Island African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc. Announces Web Launch and Networking Soiree Topps Signs Derek Jeter to an Autographed Trading Card Deal for the First Time in Over a Decade FindingAssistedLiving.com expands into Central Florida and Cleve Loveland is now FAL Approved Vendor Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Top Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Top Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Leisure Last Modified: Wed, Oct 26 2016. 04 28 AM IST Looking to buy a laptop? Amazon, Flipkart have some deals you cannot ignore If you are planning on buying a new laptop, you should check out the last leg of Diwali sales on Amazon and Flipkart Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Abhijit Ahaskar The third round of festive discounts are available on popular online shopping websites like Amazon.in and Flipkart.com With the third round of festive discounts available on popular online shopping websites Amazon.in and Flipkart.com, there are a bunch of offers on laptops and convertible PCs running Microsoft Windows. Here are some top deals to consider. Acer One 10 runs Windows 10 and is powered by Intel Atom 1.3GHz Z3735 processor with 2GB RAM in tow Acer One 10 Price Rs12,990 (earlier Rs14,290) Amazon.in Buying a convertible no longer requires a big wallet. Acer’s One 10 is a small screen laptop with a detachable keyboard that can double up as a stand-alone tablet. Holding the keyboard and the display together is a magnetic clip that can flex backwards up to 360 degrees so that you can use the keyboard as a stand. Despite the fact that the device has a 10.1-inch HD (1,280x800p) display, Acer has managed to integrate a touchpad and handrest in the keyboard. It runs Windows 10 and is powered by Intel Atom 1.3GHz Z3735 processor with 2GB RAM in tow. It offers 32GB storage. You can save Rs 1,500 on this through cashback on select debit cards. Lenovo Ideapad 100s runs windows 10 and is powered by Intel 1.3GHz Atom processor with 2GB RAM Lenovo Ideapad 100s Price Rs13,490 Amazon.in While there are no price cut, buyers can get a discount of up to Rs10,000 on exchange with an older laptop and another 15% on cashback with debit cards of select banks (State Bank of India). The 11.6-inch display which has a resolution of 1,366x768p is big enough for casual users, students or professionals on the move. Though it has a plastic exterior, it doesn’t feel poorly built. It weighs just 1kg. It runs windows 10 and is powered by Intel 1.3GHz Atom processor with 2GB RAM. You get about 32GB of internal storage, expandable via SD cards to another 32GB. Micromax Neo PQC runs the latest Windows 10 OS Micromax Neo PQC Rs17,990 (earlier Rs20,199) Amazon.in Micromax’s foray into the laptop segment has been an interesting one. From the Intel Atom-based entry-level laptops, they have moved to more powerful mid-range laptops in no time. Neo runs on Intel 1.6GHz Pentium N3700 processor with 4GB RAM and provides 500GB of HDD storage. It runs the latest Windows 10 OS. For connectivity, it packs in a 2 USB 2.0 port, one USB 3.0 port, one HDMI, and a SD card reader. The laptop offers a display of 14.1 inches with a respectable screen resolution of 1,366x768p. Dell Inspiron 3168 runs on 2.7GHz Intel Pentium N3710 processor with 4GB RAM Dell Inspiron 3168 Price: Rs32,900 (earlier Rs36,550) Amazon.in Inspired by Lenovo Yoga series of laptops, Inspiron 3168 is a stylish looking convertible laptop with a 360-degree hinge design. It weighs 1.3kg and is solidly built. It runs on 2.7GHz Intel Pentium N3710 processor with 4GB RAM. It comes with 500GB HDD storage and runs Windows 10 with a free pre-loaded copy of Microsoft Office 16 Home edition, which will cost Rs5,999 in the market. The 11.6-inch display looks impressive and has a resolution of 1,366x768p. Lenovo Yoga 500 runs on Intel’s 2.7GHz Core i5 processor with 4GB RAM Lenovo Yoga 500 Price: Rs47,990 (earlier Rs56,490) Amazon.in Yoga 500 is a mid-range convertible with powerful innards. It is powered by 2.7GHz Intel Core i5 processor with 4GB RAM and offers 500GB HDD. It has a 14.1-inch display, which supports touch gestures and has a resolution of 1,920x1,080p.The lid can be flipped backwards until it touches the back of the base and can be used as a tablet, albeit a heavy one. It is a bit thick and weighs 1.8kg, but feels well-built and is good looking. It is a powerful device running on Intel’s 2.7GHz Core i5 processor with 4GB RAM. It offers 500GB HDD storage and has two USB 3.0 ports and one HDMI port. Powering Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is Intel 6th gen 2.2ghz core M3 processor with 4GB RAM Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Price Rs63, 890 (earlier Rs81,599) Amazon.in A convertible by design, Surface Pro 4 offers greater flexibility to users due to its detachable keyboard which also serves as a type cover. It weighs 766g without it and is 8.45mm sleek. The display has a kickstand so it can be propped up with or without the keyboard. The 12.1-inch display is big enough for day-to-day activities and pretty big enough by the standards of a tablet. It has a resolution of 1,920x1,080p and supports a stylus pen keeping in mind the various nuances of office work for which it might come in handy. Powering the laptop is Intel 6th gen 2.2ghz core M3 processor with 4GB RAM. It offers 128gb storage and runs windows 10. Powered by Intel”s 6th gen Core i7 processor with 8GB RAM and Nvidia’s GTx 960m 4GB graphics card, Asus RoG GL552VW can handle any of the modern games smoothly Asus RoG GL552VW Price Rs 80,990 (earlier Rs 90,990) Amazon.in For gaming enthusiasts willing to spend on a full-fledged gaming rig without compromising on the form factor, this laptop from the RoG series is a solid proposition. The RoG shield on the metallic top gives it a funky and premium look. It is well-built but doesn’t feel very hefty for a big-screen laptop. Powered by Intel”s 6th gen Core i7 processor with 8GB RAM and Nvidia’s GTx 960m 4GB graphics card, the laptop can handle any of the modern games smoothly. The laptop offers 1TB storage and has a Blu-ray drive, besides three USB 3.0 ports and 1 HDMI port. It has a full-fledged keyboard with red backlit keys. Driven by 2.7GHz Intel Core i5 processor with 8GB RAM and 128GB SSD, Apple Macbook Pro MF839HN/A comes with a 13.3-inch Retina display with resolution of 2,560x1,440p Apple Macbook Pro MF839HN/A Price: Rs 89,990 Flipkart.com If you are in for an Apple MacBook, the current deal on the latest MacBook Pro can help save about Rs20,000 on it. Flipkart is offering an exchange offer on it for older laptops allowing users to save up to Rs10,000. With select debit cards, users can get another 15% reduced through cashback. Driven by 2.7GHz Intel Core i5 processor with 8GB RAM and 128GB SSD, the laptop comes with a 13.3-inch Retina display with resolution of 2,560x1,440p. The full aluminium exterior lends it solidity and premium looks. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Laptop DealsAmazonFlipkartBudget LaptopAcer One 10 More from this Section WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone OnePlus 3T: The One Plus 3 is evolving Air purifiers keep indoor pollutants at bay Bose QuietComfort 35 vs Sennheiser PXC 550: Turn that noise down How Walnut mobile app can help you find an ATM that is active Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Tue, Oct 25 2016. 01 09 PM IST Latest News Will the cement cartelization case be decided anytime soon? Gold futures rise 0.24% on global cues WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News Gold futures rise 0.24% on global cues WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone News in Numbers | 9 new bills in line to be listed in Parliament’s winter session Boom time for Asia’s plastic makers OnePlus 3T: The One Plus 3 is evolving Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn It’s time for young researchers to have a voice How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT START-UPS Intel Capital leads investment of over $30m in VR and robotics start-ups by John Kennedy 25 Oct 201611 Shares Intel Capital is accelerating the chip giant’s move into advanced new fields of computing, including machine vision and VR. Image Jeff Whyte/Shutterstock Intel Capital is busy preparing for the next world order of tech, and has invested in two start-ups in the areas of robotics and VR. Intel has invested $15m in Paris-based Chronocam, a maker of advanced vision sensors for robots, drones and self-driving cars. The chip giant has also invested $15.2m in a Chicago-based company called InContext Solutions that develops virtual reality solutions for retailers. Intel confirmed the news at its global summit in San Diego, where it announced investment of over $38m in start-ups, in markets such as augmented reality and internet of things (IoT). The investments follow on the heels of the chip giant acquiring Irish machine vision chip maker Movidius recently for a rumoured $300m. Intel Capital vision for making machines see Chronocam makes computer vision technology that analyses captured images on a pixel-by-pixel basis in real time, for instant decision-making by machines such as cars in changing weather situations. The company hopes to begin shipping its technology next year. “Conventional computer vision approaches are not well suited to the requirements of a new generation of vision-enabled systems,” said Luca Verre, CEO and co-founder of Chronocam. “For example, autonomous vehicles require faster sensing systems which can operate in a wider variety of ambient conditions. “In the IoT segment, power budgets, bandwidth requirements and integration within sensor networks make today’s vision technologies impractical and ineffective.” Improving the bottom line for retailers InContext Solutions effectively brings retail experiences into the VR world. This brings to $40m in capital that the company has raised from investors, including Plymouth Venture Partners and Hyde Park Venture Partners. The company’s technology helps to give retailers an understanding of how goods and concepts in store are catching consumers’ eyes using heat maps, and this helps retailers develop new concepts. “This latest round of funding gives us strong strategic backers who share our vision of even more robust, fully immersive virtual reality solutions for retail,” said Mark Hardy, CEO of InContext Solutions. “We have long been a leader in web-based VR, and this investment allows us to aggressively develop our VR platform, further lowering costs and improving speed and revenue for our clients.” By merging Intel technology with InContext’s, retailers will be able to conceive optimal shopper experiences that reduce risk and improve the bottom line. “Intel believes virtual reality has great potential to disrupt retail and manufacturing, and InContext’s platform has demonstrated the value VR and merged reality can provide to those industries,” said Joe Jensen, VP of the IoT group and general manager of the retail solutions division at Intel. “We’re pleased to enter this relationship to bring best-in-class VR to market.” In-Depth: Life at Intel Related: VR, AR, funding and investment, Intel, internet of things Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Enterprise Europol and security giants to combat rise in ransomware 25 Jul 20168 Shares Life at Intel Enterprise Intel’s Tick-Tock is dead as Moore’s Law to live on in new way 23 Mar 20168 Shares Companies Intel diversity report reveals 100pc gender pay parity in US 8 Feb 201642 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines 9 reasons why Ireland is the natural home for the internet of things 28 Jul 2016620 Shares Jobs Check out these 10 jobs of the future 9 Aug 2016564 Shares Business Augmented and virtual reality industry about to explode into life 17 Aug 201649 Shares Latest News Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption 15 hours ago Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing 15 hours ago Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn 15 hours ago It’s time for young researchers to have a voice 15 hours ago Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation 15 hours ago Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition 16 hours ago How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 19 hours ago New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine 19 hours ago Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? 20 hours ago Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ 21 hours ago 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 22 hours ago Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland 22 hours ago Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people 22 hours ago Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? 23 hours ago Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 23 hours ago Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers 23 hours ago Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news 23 hours ago Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland 23 hours ago Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 1 day ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 1 day ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 1 day ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 1 day ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 1 day ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
null
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Vr Drones Business The Channel 2016 has been a garbage fire. But 2017's looking up – there'll be loads of IPOs, beams Intel Head of chip giant's VC arm bullish about exits 24 Oct 2016 at 23:56, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Google makes it to third base with Home digital assistant Twitter trolls are destroying democracy, warn eggheads Fresh Euro Patent Office drama: King Battistelli fires union boss Pretty much everyone can agree that 2016 has been awful all round, but hey here's something we can look forward come January 1: 2017 is going to be the year of new tech IPOs, according to the CEO of Intel's venture capital arm. Giving the keynote at the Intel Capital Global Summit in San Diego, Wendell Brooks was bullish about what the new year will bring, arguing that the "backlog is building" of tech companies that want to access public markets. He put the sluggish 2016 market – where fewer tech IPOs than any time in the past decade took place – down to two factors: a shake-out of the privately valued "unicorns" and fears brought about by the US election cycle. "Some of the private unicorns have come back down to earth," Brooks noted, pointing out that now there are roughly 150 tech companies valued at over $1bn, as opposed to around 175 a year ago. And despite big market upsets like the Brexit decision by the UK and the Chinese re-evaluation last year, he noted that the equity market was "resilient and stable." Brooks shared some stats about Intel Capital's investments in 2016 compared to the previous year. So far, it has made just 31 deals, compared to 63 in 2015; but it is in line to spend more – $446m so far, compared to $514m in 2015 overall. As for exits, there were just 22 in 2016, compared to 26 in 2015, and just two of them were from IPOs. Those stats highlighted what Brooks said would be a different approach from Intel Capital going forward: more money spent but in fewer deals. And with a 50-50 split between investing in new companies and putting more into companies already in Intel's "portfolio." Where we're going As for the next few years of tech and tech investment, Brooks highlighted four main areas: drones; automated driving; "new experiences" – largely VR; and "verticals." During the presentation, a number of demonstrations highlighted new virtual reality technologies – and in particular live-streamed VR, often tied into sports. There was a lot of technical work to be done to build up the VR ecosystem, Brooks noted, and it was still in its infancy but the possibilities were enormous. Both high-end and low-end systems were demoed. The high-end Voke camera system captures everything at extremely high quality and could see use at big sports events, whereas the lower-end Altia Systems camera setup offers panoramic 4K video with real-time stitching of images for as little as $2,000. Brooks also spoke enthusiastically about the "drone economy," where drones can be used for a range of things from industrial inspections of everything from wind farms to oil rigs to bridges and planes, to logistics, to things like search and rescue – where 100 or 1,000 drones could be used to search an area quickly and efficiently. He even proposed that drones could be used to carry mobile phone base stations at times of high demand, then removed when demand lifted. As just one example of how drones may save businesses money and time, Brooks said that an oil rig inspection that could take as long as eight weeks using traditional methods could take as little as two days when done with drones. But getting back to the IPO market, Brooks put up a slide highlighting the five things companies needed in order to profit from the "return of the traditional growth market" that he foresees in 2017: a large market opportunity; unique business model; barriers to entry; a credible management team; and a business model that is scalable. "You don't necessarily need the best tech," he noted. "What you need is a scalable model." ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Intel throws the ball long with sports, VR and IoT cash injections Chip giant puts $38m into next generation of digital tech Intel puts cash behind Wi-Fi-first smartmobes Chipzilla funds FreedomPop to get its SoFIA silicon into more mobes 3 Comments You're right to fear a second dot-com crash, says Intel VC boss ICGS Chip giant's investment wing looks abroad as tech bubble grows 9 Comments Intel and pals toss coins at party in the cloud, business at the back startup Making it rain while it thinks of X86? 2 Comments Open sourcerer Mirantis taps up Intel for $100m worth of funding Chipzilla backs OpenStack vendor as part of collaboration lunge Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Mozilla Javascript Developer Web Software IndexedDB pulls away from less-loved web storage options IndexedDB API 2.0 spec has reached draft form. Contain yourself, and your data 26 Oct 2016 at 23:27, Thomas Claburn Thomas Claburn Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Software Recent Articles DMCA updated – toaster penetration testing gets green light in America No nudes, bloated apps, Android sucks and 497 other complaints about Apple to the FTC CIA will put records online The Indexed Database API 2.0 has arrived in draft form, promising a variety of improvements in the way developers of web applications can store data in browsers. IndexedDB is a JavaScript-based object-oriented database within modern browsers. It began taking shape in 2011 and, after years in draft form, it met with W3C approval last year. It's particularly useful for web applications that need to store large amounts of data to function offline, and for Progressive Web Apps. Now there's a second version under consideration. IndexedDB is one of several client-side storage options for web apps. Other options include: Cookies, which are limited in size and data type, and don't support recent APIs like Web Workers. DOM Storage, which has similar limitations. WebSQL, a one-time challenger that has been deprecated. AppCache, characterized as a "douchebag" for being difficult to use. The Cache API, intended for URL-addressable resources and not available in all browsers. The File API, which isn't yet fully baked. The Chrome-only FileSystem API. Unlike Cookies and DOM Storage, IndexedDB works asynchronously, so its operations do not block other operations while active. Although broad support for IndexedDB has been slow in coming – Apple just recently implemented full support in Safari 10 – it's now a worthy choice for storing significant amounts of structured data in the browser. In a blog post on Tuesday, Bevis Tseng, a platform engineer at Mozilla, highlighted some of the new capabilities coming to IndexedDB in Firefox 51, available for developers now and scheduled for the general public in January 2017. The IndexedDB API 2.0 offers a setter to rename existing object stores and indexes, via IDBObjectStore.name and IDBIndex.name. It also provides a way to listen for storage change events through the IDBDatabase.onclose() event handler. The updated API also adds support for binary data types as index keys. "Now you can have binary signatures as keys directly, without serializing them into strings or array objects as required by the previous API version," explained Tseng. And a variety of other methods have been added that improve how database keys can be accessed, such as IDBObjectStore.getKey(query), IDBObjectStore.openKeyCursor(range, direction),and getAll/getAllKeys(range, count). IndexedDB doesn't yet support JavaScript Promises – a way to deal with events that may succeed or fail while running asynchronous code – but there's a proposal and there are libraries that provide support. For those who have to store client-side data in web apps, IndexedDB is worth a look. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Mozilla wants woeful WoSign certs off the list Backdating SHA-1 certs is just not on 23 Comments Mozilla emits JavaScript debugger for Firefox and Chrome When it's easier to rewrite than refactor 7 Comments Mozilla plots TLS 1.3 future for Firefox Quicker handshake starts encrypting data sooner 7 Comments Mozilla's trying on seven hot new spring/summer logo looks LOGOWATCH Poll Seven new logo candidates run from Monsters Inc to completely mad 48 Comments Mozilla will patch zero-day Firefox bug to fizzle man-in-the-middle diddle Cert-pinning cockup can be exploited to identify Tor users What do Tor, Tails and Caddy have in common? Mozilla bucks Latest round of MOSS cash splashed 5 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets Tailored Swift – coming soon to a cloud near you Toblerone's Brexit trim should be applied to bloatware Red Hat eye from the Ubuntu guy: Fedora – how you doin'? Pair programming – you'll never guess what happens next! Open Sorcerers: Can you rid us of Emperor Zuck? Apple’s macOS Sierra update really puts the fan into 'fanboi' Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PUMPED Here’s what you need to know after today’s big Microsoft event Written by Dave Gershgorn October 26, 2016 Panos Panay, vice president for Surface Computing at Microsoft, is perpetually pumped. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn October 26, 2016 For a firm that makes most of its money selling software and cloud services, Microsoft sure wants to look like a hardware company. Alongside new features for Windows 10, Microsoft execs spent more than an hour of the company’s event on Oct. 26 pitching new computers, VR headsets, and accessories focused on artists and designers. When it comes to Microsoft’s bottom line, hardware sales are just a drop in the bucket. And while niche-targeted products like creative-friendly desktops are unlikely to change that, new hardware puts the company right next to Apple in the headlines. They also paint a clear picture of the message Microsoft wants investors and consumers to hear: Macs are over, and PCs are once again for creative types. In a hardware landscape that has users living in fear of which port Apple will nix next, the strategy just might work. Surface Studio Today’s largest announcement was a 28″ 4K desktop PC called the Surface Studio. The Studio looks a lot like an angular iMac, except the computer’s touchscreen can swing down to rest on the desk at a 20-degree angle, which lets it function as a drawing tablet. The Studio screen works with the Surface Pen, as well as the new Surface Dial, a little knob that either sits alongside the computer to scroll through pen strokes or can be placed on the screen to bring up additional menus. Microsoft’s Surface Studio and Dial (Quartz/ Dave Gershgorn) Combined with a Pen and a Dial, Microsoft says Surface Studio is the best computer on the market for creative tasks. It’s being pitched at artists, architects, engineers, and anyone else who currently creates on the PC (or rather, anyone who makes a lot of money creating things on a PC, because the Studio starts at $2999). For that price, you’ll get an Intel i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 2GB Nvidia GPU. For Microsoft’s most powerful machine—Intel i7 processor, 32GB of RAM, and 4GB GPU—you’ll have to shell out $4199. The Studios are available in limited quantities for pre-order, and will ship in mid-December. Let’s be honest: Nobody is buying this computer for its specs. It’s a beautiful machine that just might be functional, and it natively works with a stylus and navigation dial. Microsoft also announced an update to the Surface Book, which costs $2300 for increased battery life and 2x speed. Windows 10 Creators Edition It looks like Windows 10 really is the last version of Windows. Instead of dealing with hassle of a new software launch, Microsoft is releasing a free update to the world’s most popular operating system, dubbed the Creators Edition. It will be officially available in the spring, but beta releases are coming as early as next week. The update contains two big changes worth noting: a messaging overhaul, and 3D everything. With messaging, Microsoft has chosen to put people first in their redesign. Instead of opening an email client or Skype, you’ll be able to pin individual people to the bottom taskbar. Clicking on them will bring up your preferred method of communicating with that person, making it easy to maintain multiple conversations and to quickly send files. Microsoft clearly has seen the success of Apple’s iMessage, and is also trying to imitate that. The Windows 10 update includes a new message-relay system that allows users to answer text messages from their Android or Windows phone, as Mac users can with iMessage. The update also gives a classic Windows program, Paint, a whole new look and skillset. The software, now named Paint 3D, will be able to create and manipulate 3D models, and integrate seamlessly with online repositories of models. Powerpoint will also be able to import 3D models, and transitions between slides can rotate and zoom to show different aspects of objects. This honestly looks pretty silly right now, and doesn’t make a lot of sense until you think about Microsoft’s long-term master plan: to lead the pack in VR and AR. Microsoft’s multiple realities The VR duopoly—a showdown between Oculus and Vive—is about to end. HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus, and Acer will all begin producing VR headsets that don’t require any kind of exterior sensor to function, called inside-out positional tracking. All new headsets should have positional tracking. (Quartz/ Dave Gershgorn) One unspecified headset was shown on stage today, in a demo where a model created in Paint 3D was brought into a virtual room. Microsoft seems to imagine each user having a personal room or set of rooms, analogous to a desktop. In the demo, soccer played on one wall, while apps were located on another alongside a shelf of digital toys. The 3D models also can be viewed through the HoloLens, which was briefly trotted out on stage but not given much time. Microsoft did not announce any expected release dates for the VR headsets, nor did they give additional information about a consumer HoloLens release. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Wednesday / 16 / 11 / 2016 العربية Français Türkçe Español Pусский העברית فارسی Syrian Arab News Agency S A N A Home Syria and the World Al-Jaafari: Al Saud regime is the last one who has right to talk about human rights 15 November، 2016 Russian forces begin wide-scale operation targeting ISI 15 November، 2016 Foreign Ministry calls on OPCW to investigate the use o 15 November، 2016 Syria, China sign MoU to support excellence projects in 14 November، 2016 Ambassador Mahmoud offers condolences on martyrdom of I 14 November، 2016 Ansari, de Mistura discuss prospects of political solut 12 November، 2016 Konashenkov: Main condition for new humanitarian pause 12 November، 2016 Local President Bashar al-Assad interview given to RTP TV channel 16 November، 2016 Updated-Two citizens killed, several persons injured in 15 November، 2016 Cabinet decides to reactivate al-Sheikh Najjar industri 15 November، 2016 Foreign Ministry calls on OPCW to investigate the use o 15 November، 2016 Tuesday weather: Skies clear to partly cloudy, rain sho 15 November، 2016 Updated – Prime Minister: One of the government&# 15 November، 2016 New batch of Military academy students graduated 14 November، 2016 Arab, International Russian Defense Ministry: Russian and Syrian air forces have not conducted any strikes on Aleppo for 28 days 15 November، 2016 Russian forces begin wide-scale operation targeting ISI 15 November، 2016 Putin, Trump discuss crisis settlement in Syria and cou 15 November، 2016 Lavrov, Kerry agree to extend experts’ consultations on 14 November، 2016 Russian Defense Ministry: Samples taken in al-Nairab ar 14 November، 2016 Russian fighter jet crashes into the Mediterranean due 14 November، 2016 De Mistura discussed situation in Aleppo with Iranian o 13 November، 2016 Business & Finance People’s Assembly discusses performance of Agriculture and Agrarian Reform Ministry 14 November، 2016 Budget and Accounts Committee discusses 2017 investment 14 November، 2016 Information Ministry’s 2017 investment budget discussed 13 November، 2016 Monthly “Made in Syria” festival showcases 13 November، 2016 Syriatech 2016 expo opens at Dama Rose Hotel 12 November، 2016 Minister Arnous: Public and private sectors have key ro 11 November، 2016 Budget and Accounts Committee discusses 2017 budgets of 10 November، 2016 Culture & Arts More Sports SANA photo Tourism & Society Health & Environment Education Reports Expatriates News Ticker Russian forces begin wide-scale operation targeting ISIS and al-Nusra positions in Idleb and Homs Foreign Ministry calls on OPCW to investigate the use of toxic gasses by terrorists in Aleppo Army regains control over Kherbet Khan al-Shih in Damascus Countryside, destroys Jabhat al-Nusra fortifications in Daraa five citizens killed, three injured due to terrorist attacks in Aleppo, Idleb, Hama and Quneitra A civilian killed, 18 others injured in terrorist attacks on Damascus, its countryside, Aleppo and Idleb US-led coalition kills at least 16 civilians including children in Raqqa Authorities seize large amounts of weapons and munitions bound for terrorists in Hama and Idleb Two people including a nurse killed, 7 others including a doctor injured in terrorist attacks in Damascus and its ountryside Mikdad to Larijani: Syria will triumph over terrorists despite unparalleled support for terrorists Four people killed including child, 25 others injured in terrorist attacks in Damascus, its countryside, Aleppo, Homs, Quneitra and Hasaka IPU calls for respecting Syria’s territorial integrity 26 October، 2016 Geneva, SANA -The Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) called for respecting Syria’s territorial integrity and revive the Russian-US agreement on the cessation of hostilities reached on the 9th of September. In a statement issued Wednesday on the humanitarian situation in Syria as part of the 135th meeting of the IPU Assembly, the IPU urged the US, Russia and all parties concerned to resume serious dialogue to reach a political solution to the crisis, respect Syria’s territorial integrity and end this war which claim the lives of men, women and children. According to Sputnik, The statement called for immediate halting of attacks against the Syrian people and infrastructure, in addition to lifting the siege imposed on certain cities and putting an end to forced displacement. It also stressed the need to allow representatives of humanitarian organizations to enter besieged areas and provide assistance to people in need there. Jabhat al-Nusra terrorist organization, supported by Washington, has prevented families from leaving Aleppo eastern neighborhoods through humanitarian corridors which were specified by the Syrian army. The 135th meeting of the IPU Assembly is currently held in Geneva with the participation of MPs from 138 countries. R.Raslan/Mazen   IPU calls for respecting Syria's territorial integrity 2016-10-26 m.eyon Share tweet Previous Relief aid arrives to Hasaka via the airlift Next Tehran: Tripartite meeting among Syrian, Russian and Iranian foreign Ministers to be held next Friday in Moscow Check Also Al-Jaafari: Al Saud regime is the last one who has right to talk about human rights New York, SANA-Syria’s permanent Ambassador to the UN, Bashar al-Jaafari said that submitting a draft ... Video SANA A unit of army unearths nets of tunnels of 700 m length established by terrorists in al-Maranah town to the east of Khan al-Sheh in Damascus countryside 14 November، 2016 Under the patronage of President al-Assad, a new batch of the Military Academy students was graduated 14 November، 2016 Realtiy of Events Updated-Two citizens killed, several persons injured in terrorist attacks on Homs, Daraa and Idleb 15 November، 2016 Updated-Army continues targeting terrorists’ positions, kills scores of them 15 November، 2016 Update -The army destroys positions of terrorists, killing many of them in several areas 14 November، 2016 Subscribe to our Channel Photo Reports New visions for optimal investment of renewable energy in reconstruction stage in a symposium at al-Baath University 15 November، 2016 Activities of the National Program for Diabetes in Sweida on the occasion of the World Diabetes Day kick off 15 November، 2016 Army regains stability to al-Assad Suburb, establishes control over Carton Factory and the offices area in Aleppo western countryside 13 November، 2016 Decrees and Laws Amnesty decree No. 15 extended for three months 27 October، 2016 Updated-Presidential decree naming new governor for Deir Ezzor 26 October، 2016 President al-Assad appoints new governor for Hasaka 16 October، 2016 News in Photos Powered by sana | Designed by team to develop the software © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Intel P3100 M.2 SSD has datacenters in mind by Eric Frederiksen  3:22 PM on October 26, 2016 When it comes to datacenters, not all storage is created equal. Datacenters move more data around in an hour than most of us will in a lifetime, and they need storage that can handle that. SSDs are already in wide use in datacenters, but the M.2 form factor isn't widely adopted yet. Intel wants to help with that, and it's giving businesses an M.2 option in the form of the P3100 NVMe SSD, which it calls the first M.2 SSD designed with datacenter use in mind. The P3100 comes in capacities of up to 1TB. Intel says these SSDs' power and endurance ratings will save their owners money in the long run. Intel says the P3100 operates at about half the power draw of standard enterprise hard drives, while enduring up to 580TB of writes in its largest incarnation. Here's what the full specs look like. Capacity Sequential reads (MB/s) Sequential writes (MB/s) Random 4K reads (IOPS) Random 4K write (IOPS) Endurance rating (TBW) 128GB 720 55 27,000 2,200 72 256GB 1400 100 52,500 5,500 145 512GB 1200 145 88,000 10,000 300 1TB 1800 175 114,000 9,000 580 The biggest hurdle the product has to overcome is that M.2 is more or less a new thing in datacenters. As Storage Reviews notes, there are a few server boards out there with M.2 slots, but not many. If the cost savings the drive offers live up to Intel's promise, datacenter demand for M.2 may increase, meaning we might see more drives like these in the future. Tags: Storage Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Sports BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Michael Phelps takes a not-too-subtle shot at Olympic rival in new commercial for Intel Cork Gaines Oct. 26, 2016, 2:27 PM 19,448 facebook linkedin twitter email print YouTube/Intel Maybe the most memorable moment of the 2016 Rio Olympics occurred prior to the 200-meter butterfly when Michael Phelps was shown with a menacing and somewhat disgusted look on his face while his chief rival, Chad Le Clos of South Africa, was shadow-boxing-dancing-something in the foreground. Many assumed Phelps was annoyed by Le Clos and whatever he was doing. But no matter the reason, in those few seconds, a meme was born: #PhelpsFace. Intel recreated that moment in a new commercial starring Phelps and Jim Parsons. While the commercial has Phelps mimic the PhelpsFace as the result of a slow computer, with a fake Le Clos dancing in the foreground, the best part comes at the end. That's when Parsons asks Phelps what Fake Le Clos is doing. We still don't know either, Michael. Here is the original PhelpsFace moment: Phelps' stare down of Chad le Clos is much better with the Curb Your Enthusiasm theme song: https://t.co/Bpy94Wbb3c https://t.co/q12NPhnP4r — NBC Olympics (@NBCOlympics) August 9, 2016   SEE ALSO: Steve Bartman spokesman calls chances of a World Series appearance 'slim, none, and no chance,' and that is probably for the best DON'T MISS: The 25 schools that make the most money in college sports NOW WATCH: How much the world has changed since the Cubs last won the World Series 108 years ago Loading video... More: Michael Phelps Jim Parsons Intel facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Michael Phelps takes a not-too-subtle shot at Olympic rival in new commercial for Intel Michael Phelps takes a not-too-subtle shot at Olympic rival in new commercial for Intel Maybe the most memorable moment of the 2016 Rio... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Sports Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Sports Select Sports Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Jump to main content Jump to navigation We use cookies to improve your experience with our site. Accept and close | More info. nature.com homepage Publications A-Z index Browse by subject Cart Login Register Nature International weekly journal of science SearchGo Advanced search MenuMenu Home News & Comment Research Careers & Jobs Current Issue Archive Audio & Video For Authors Archive Volume 538 Issue 7626 Outlook Article Nature | Outlook Print Share/bookmark Cite U Like Facebook Twitter Delicious Digg Google+ LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Previous article Nature | Outlook Diagnosis: Warning signs Next article Nature | Outlook Electrotherapy: Shock value Technology: Monitoring gets personal Lauren Gravitz1, Journal name: Nature Volume: 538, Pages: S8–S10 Date published: (27 October 2016) DOI: doi:10.1038/538S8a Published online 26 October 2016 Article tools PDF PDF Download as PDF (910 KB) View interactive PDF in ReadCube Citation Reprints Rights & permissions Article metrics By bootstrapping existing technologies, researchers can gain a minute-by-minute understanding of a patient's disease. Subject terms: Parkinson's disease• Neurodegeneration• Technology• Medical research Juan Moyano/Alamy Stock Photo When Steven DeMello started his job as a health-technology researcher, he had no idea that he would soon become a participant in his own research. As part of a University of California initiative, he spent his days studying the potential uses of communication technologies, such as smartphones, in health care. But just a few months into the job, he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. One month later, he was told he also had cancer. He was surprised by the difference in care between the two diseases. To monitor his particular cancer, a rare form of lymphoma, he has a regular blood test, which was weekly at first. Five objectively measured markers tell DeMello and his oncologist what is going on. “When we sit down and look at results over time, we have consistent testing,” says DeMello. “We know the values matter, and we know why they matter.” With his Parkinson's, however, there is no unbiased, quantitative way to assess disease progression. Every four months or so he visits his neurologist, who runs him through an assessment to determine where he falls on the unified Parkinson's disease rating scale (UPDRS) — a universal test created, used and validated by neurologists worldwide. He reports any changes in mood, cognition or physical abilities, and he is assessed for tremor, rigidity and irregularities in his gait. The UPDRS test is invaluable, and has been improved over the years, but it is labour intensive. It must be administered by a neurologist, and its results are subjective and depend on how patients such as DeMello are doing at that particular moment — something that, for someone with Parkinson's, can vary hugely from hour to hour, let alone day to day. Part of Nature Outlook: Parkinson's disease There is nothing inherently wrong with the contrast in care, which reflects the different characteristics of these diseases. Cancer can attack rapidly, requiring aggressive treatment, whereas Parkinson's is a chronic disease that might have daily ups and downs but in general progresses over decades. Yet there is much to gain from frequent and quantified monitoring of Parkinson's disease, and many physicians, patients and their carers are keen to have a reliable way to do so. DeMello knew of a new technology that might help. He downloaded an experimental smartphone application called mPower. “I used what I've learned about mobile applications with myself as a guinea pig,” he says. The iPhone app administers a few simple tests — getting him to tap the screen, hold the phone in an outstretched arm or put it in his pocket and walk across the room — so that he can objectively measure and keep tabs on his symptoms on a daily basis. In the past decade, as smartphones, smartwatches and exercise trackers have become more pervasive, the sensors they carry have got more advanced. These are tantalizing tools for researchers looking to monitor everyday movements. And because Parkinson's is a progressive disorder that affects a person's motor skills, it is a good candidate to test the sensors. Scientists are tapping into this technology to gain a more granular look at the symptoms and progression of this insidious disease. Growing potential One of the researchers who helped to develop the mPower app is Max Little, a mathematician at Aston University in Birmingham, UK. Little broke ground in the remote assessment of Parkinson's back in 2006, when technology company Intel recruited him for a project. Intel had amassed thousands of voice recordings from people with the disease, and — because Little had recently developed an algorithm that could identify voice disorders — it was interested in whether he could use the recordings to distinguish people with Parkinson's from those without. Little's algorithms were so successful at identifying people with the disease that he began to look for other opportunities to use them for remote monitoring. When he began a fellowship in a lab that specialized in human–smartphone interactions (and how those data can objectively quantify behaviour), the pieces clicked into place. He has been working on ways to use smartphones to monitor Parkinson's ever since. “Smartphones are pretty miraculous things that are packed full of sensors.” “Smartphones are pretty miraculous things that are packed full of sensors,” says Little. “We're walking around with devices that measure movement and hence behaviour all the time.” Little is investigating approaches that use these sensors to assess the disease. The microphone records someone's voice; a triaxial accelerometer detects their movement in three dimensions to provide information on gait, posture and hand tremor; a gyroscope measures rotation; and the touch screen can evaluate finger tapping and reaction time. Such information might reveal whether a new therapy is effective, an old therapy remains effective, or whether it might be time to change the dose or medication. “I've been using mPower as a way of trying to understand my own trends and, in particular, my own variability,” says DeMello. The app provides a long-term view, so that when he has a few bad days in a row, he is no longer concerned. “That's something that, a few years ago, I would have been much more worried about,” he says. The data show him that, at this point in his disease, a run of bad days will turn around. “It's giving me a way to understand my own patterns.” Despite its obvious allure, tapping into technology that people already have in their pockets is no simple solution for detecting medically important events. mPower was developed to collect a huge amount of data, which researchers could sift through to work out which pieces are useful — just as Little did with the voice recordings. But it is difficult to mine vast amounts of data when there is no certainty that something significant will show up, says Joe Giuffrida, president of Great Lakes NeuroTechnologies, in Cleveland, Ohio. Giuffrida's company has developed wearable, sensor-packed devices and apps that are dedicated to tracking the symptoms of Parkinson's. Rather than trying to pick out a signal from a sea of unverified data, Giuffrida says that it makes more sense to know what you're looking for before starting the analysis. “To develop algorithms, you need gold-standard data to test their output,” he says. “When you just put sensors on a patient and let them loose in the world, it's hard to have that gold standard.” Great Lakes put its sensors on people with Parkinson's disease and gathered data while neurologists determined the participants' UPDRS scores. Then the company recorded thousands of hours of video of the participants wearing the sensors. This allowed its researchers to identify specific moments in the video and sensor data that correlated with different UPDRS scores, and build algorithms using these known quantities. The Great Lakes approach is time- and cost-intensive, however, and the company will charge for the wearable sensors and for a monthly subscription to the app. mPower is free, but before people can use it they must consent to trial conditions and allow their data to be sent back for analysis. And those data are constantly assessed. Andong Zhan, a computer-science PhD candidate at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland, helped to develop an app for the Android platform that was an early prototype for mPower. The Hopkins-PD app is also being assessed in several trials, including one called Smartphone-PD, which has been running since 2014. Zhan says that the trial has finally gathered enough data to start verifying the algorithms. The researchers are collaborating with Ray Dorsey, a neurologist at the University of Rochester Medical Center in New York, who is assessing some of the people with Parkinson's across the state by teleconference before the patients test themselves using Hopkins-PD. “He gives them a score, and then we correlate that with our score from the smartphones,” Zhan says. Left, Andong Zhan; Right, Max Little & Andong Zhan Full size image (253 KB) Using a general device, rather than one that is specifically made for monitoring, can create issues with data quality. “Because the tests are done at home using smartphones, some of the data can be very noisy,” says Siddharth Arora, an applied mathematician also at Aston University, who is also working on Hopkins-PD, with a focus on data quality. “In a lab, we can control for confounding factors.” The home environment is much less predictable. For a voice test, for instance, there might be someone coughing in the background, he says. Nevertheless, the Hopkins-PD algorithm is producing some striking preliminary results. The results for a finger-tapping test, which assesses a person's motor function, indicate noticeable improvement for some participants after they have taken their medication (see 'Smart data'). The app also records more nuanced information. “It's so exciting to see that simple software and hardware could pick out subtle differences in motor performance in people with Parkinson's,” he says. For now, Arora, Little and their colleagues are honing the app. And others — including drug and medical-device companies — are actively involved in similar experiments. Testing times Smartphone apps may also allow for a change in how Parkinson's therapies are tested and approved. Little is collaborating with the pharmaceutical division of Roche, based in Basel, Switzerland, which has developed a smartphone app for use in a Parkinson's trial. One problem with drug trials is that the participants, just like other people with Parkinson's, are assessed only a few times a year. With such sparse data collection, as DeMello discovered, it is difficult to quantify someone's symptoms and disease progression, let alone gain any detail about how a drug affects them under real-world conditions. What's more, assessments can be affected by the disposition of everyone involved on that particular day. “They're highly subjective,” says Christian Gossens, who heads the early development informatics team at Roche. Technology is free of such whims. The app, Gossens notes, “takes away all influence of mood or stress” for both the patient and the physician, and eliminates differences between observing physicians. The app is being informally assessed as part of a current trial, and the Roche researchers are already seeing benefits. “If you want to zoom into an individual patient, and zoom into disease progression a certain way, now you can,” Gossens says. When you look at a group of patients, or general properties of a disease, he says, “things look like they're on a continuum. But the more you zoom in, the more they become discrete.” Such granularity allows researchers to find and analyse more specific aspects of both drugs and disease. If the app proves useful, Roche will consider including it in future trials in order to file for US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval. For now, the FDA remains curious, Gossens says. It wants to know what is technically possible, how it could be valuable, and how future trials of such an app could be regulated. Bootstrapping existing technologies and using them in ways for which they were not intended can yield game-changing results. There are no biomarkers for Parkinson's that definitively identify the disease in its earliest stages. But Little says that he and his colleagues have preliminary evidence that the same smartphone tools can detect sleep issues, which are emerging as useful early warning signs for Parkinson's (see page S5). And then there are applications in countries with less-developed health-care infrastructure. “More than 2 million Parkinson's patients haven't been diagnosed in China,” Zhan says. “Some don't know they have it, and some can't access good health-care resources for diagnosis or treatment.” Zhan imagines a day when a smartphone app could be used in countries such as China and India as an inexpensive, simple way to monitor people who have the disease — or even to help with diagnosis. Smartphones have huge potential, Little says. “We're really only beginning to scratch the surface of what it's possible to do with this technology.” Author information Author information• Related links Affiliations Lauren Gravitz is a science journalist and editor based in Pennsylvania. Author details Lauren Gravitz Search for this author in: NPG journals• PubMed• Google Scholar Related links Author information• Related links Related links in NPG Multifunctional wearable devices for diagnosis and therapy of movement disorders Mobile data: Made to measure Smartphones as new tools in the management and understanding of Parkinson’s disease First, design for data sharing Incentivizing data donation Mobile-phone health apps deliver data bounty Smartphones set to boost large-scale health studies Parkinson's disease Outlook 2010 Parkinson's disease Outlook Related external links Oxford Parkinson's Disease Centre Max Little Great Lakes NeuroTechnologies Andong Zhan Siddharth Arora Additional data Editors' pick Image credit: Andy Potts Why dementia is so difficult? The three things that could help to prevent a meltdown in health-care systems worldwide. Science jobs NatureJobs.com Chief of Newborn Medicine Mass General for Children at North Shore Medical Center (NSMC) Faculty Position for Research Director of the Animal BSL3 Facility at Duke-NUS DUKE-NUS Medical school Ph.D. Program and Integrated MS-Ph.D. Program of IBS School-UST Institute for Basic Science Post a job More science jobs Science events NatureEvents Directory 3rd International Conference on Self Assembly and Molecular Electronics November 16-18, 2016, Aalborg, Denmark 16 November 2016 — 18 November 2016 Skjernvej 4A, Aalborg, Denmark Biopharma Innovation Cup 2017 18 June 2017 — 23 June 2017 Germany 39th International Annual Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine & Biology Society 11 July 2017 — 15 July 2017 Jeju Island, Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Post a free event More science events Most read The antibody aducanumab reduces Aβ plaques in Alzheimer’s disease Nature 31 August 2016 HER2 expression identifies dynamic functional states within circulating breast cancer cells Nature 24 August 2016 Structure of the voltage-gated calcium channel Cav1.1 at 3.6 Å resolution Nature 31 August 2016 Nature ISSN: 0028-0836 EISSN: 1476-4687 About us Contact us Accessibility statement Help Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms Nature jobs Nature Asia Nature Education RSS web feeds About Nature Contact Nature About the Editors Nature awards Search:Go © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, ORCID, CrossRef, COUNTER and COPE
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation's High-End Desktop Lineup Could Use an Early 2017 Refresh To keep customers interested in its ultra-expensive desktop chips, Chipzilla may need to refresh this product line in early 2017. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 26, 2016 at 12:05PM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) develops two parallel desktop processor lines. The first is what the company refers to as its "mainstream" processors: These typically have between two and four processor cores as well as integrated graphics technology. They're derived from chips that go into notebook computers. Image source: Intel.  The second is what the company calls high-end desktop processors (HEDT). These chips have between six and 10 processor cores, no built-in graphics, and are derived from the company's server processor lineup. They're generally much more expensive than even the fastest mainstream processors. Back in May, Intel refreshed its high-end desktop product line with a family of chips known as Broadwell-E, replacing the prior-generation Haswell-E series of chips. Broadwell-E's main claim to fame is that with this generation, Intel released a 10-core variant (the first 10-core consumer desktop processor in the industry) for an eye-popping $1,723. Although the company released the first Broadwell-E processors in May, the reality is that the successors to those Broadwell-E parts -- known as Skylake-X -- aren't expected to arrive until the fourth quarter of 2017. Due to that delay (old leaked road maps showed a much more aggressive schedule for Skylake-X), Intel would do well to refresh the current Broadwell-E parts in early 2017. Higher out-of-the-box speeds could be enough Although Intel can bring out new Broadwell-E processors with increased core counts by simply rebadging a server/workstation part and calling it a day, this doesn't seem a likely course of action on Intel's part. Instead, what the company could do is bump up the frequencies at which the current variants run to boost customer interest in the product lineup. If Intel can increase base and turbo-boost frequencies for these parts by around 200 MHz across the board, then that could keep customers interested. Here's what the potential lineup could look like: Metric  Core i7 6820K Core i7 6870K Core i7 6920K Core i7 6970X Cores/threads 6/12 6/12 8/16 10/20 Base/boost frequency 3.6 GHz/3.8 GHz 3.8 GHz/4.0 GHz 3.4 GHz/3.9 GHz 3.2 GHz/3.7 GHz More cores could work well, too A speed bump in the form of the proposed product line above could help bump demand up some, but if Intel wanted to get even more aggressive, it could -- in addition to the speed boosts -- introduce a higher core count model at the very top of the stack. Introducing such a part would be extremely simple -- trivial, in fact. All the company would need to do is to take the workstation-oriented chip known as the Xeon E5 2687W, unlock the multiplier (to allow users to manually adjust the chip's clock speed beyond the rated specification), and sell it as, say, a Core i7 6990X. The 2687W sells for around $2,145, so Intel could probably get away with charging approximately $2,300 for a potential 6990X (the extra $165 seems like a fair trade for the ability to adjust the chip to run at higher speeds). This pricing would be quite steep for a consumer-grade processor, but considering that Intel reported seeing better-than-expected demand for the $1,723 6950X, a $2,300 6990X is still probably worth making.  Not only would introducing an even higher-end, higher-core count model potentially spur demand (buyers of the 10-core are probably the same people who would be interested in upgrading again to a 12-core chip), but it could also lift Intel's desktop processor average selling prices as well.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 12:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Computers Laptops USB Type-C and Thunderbolt 3: One port to connect them all USB Type-C and Thunderbolt 3: One port to connect them all CNET editor Dong Ngo explains USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 and the significance of these peripheral standards. USB Type-C and Thunderbolt 3: One port to connect them all 0 Share: Laptops by Dong Ngo October 26, 2016 5:30 AM PDT @riceandstirfry Up Next Does the internet have a fake-news problem? USB-C and Thunderbolt 3: One port to rule them all CNET editor Dong Ngo explains the joy of connecting devices together using the latest USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 standard. by Dong Ngo 2:58 Close Drag Look around your house and chances are you have at least a few devices that use Universal Serial Bus. On average, some 3 billion USB ports are shipped each year, making it by far the most successful peripheral connection type in the world. In fact, device manufacturers are so confident in the new USB-C standard that Intel announced last year that Thunderbolt 3, once thought to be a USB replacement, will use the same port type as USB-C. This means every Thunderbolt 3 port will also work as a USB-C port and every Thunderbolt 3 cable will work as a USB-C cable. Before you can fully appreciate what a leap forward both USB Type-C and Thunderbolt 3 are, let's familiarize you with Type-A, Type-B, and the various versions of the Thunderbolt standard. Thunderbolt Prior to Thunderbolt 3, Thunderbolt 2 and the original Thunderbolt shared the same cable type and port (which is the same port type as Apple's Mini DisplayPort) and had top data transfer speeds of 20Gbps and 10Gbps, respectively. With these older Thunderbolt standards, the cable was active, meaning the cable itself is a device that requires power to operate (which is why most Thunderbolt 1 or 2 devices would require an external power source in order to function.) This made Thunderbolt a much more expensive solution, as the cable itself is some 10 times more expensive than a USB cable of the same length. Thunderbolt revisions Revision Year released Super set of Top speed Port type Thunderbolt 2011 Mini DisplayPort 10Gbps Mini DisplayPort Thunderbolt 2 2013 Thunderbolt 20Gbps Mini DisplayPort Thunderbolt 3 2015 Thunderbolt 2 (adapter required,) DisplayPort, PCIe 3rd Gen, USB 3.1 40Gbps (short or active cable) 20Gbps (long, passive cable,) USB-C Here's how Thunderbolt 3 is different from its predecessors: The Mini DisplayPort connection type has been ditched in favor of a USB-C connection type. All Thunderbolt 3 cables will work as USB-C cables. All USB-C cables will work as Thunderbolt 3 cables as long as they are good quality cables. Thunderbolt 3 has a top data transfer speed of 40Gbps as long as the cable is 0.5m (1.6 ft.) or shorter. For 1m (3.2 ft.) or longer cables, Thunderbolt 3 supports passive (cheaper) ones that have a top speed of 20Gbps, and active cables (more expensive) that retain the 40Gbps speed. Thunderbolt 3 is backward-compatible with earlier versions of Thunderbolt, but due to the new port type, adapters are required to use legacy Thunderbolt devices. Any USB-C device (like a Google Pixel) plugged into a Thunderbolt 3 port will function normally. Since Thunderbolt 3 devices use discrete Thunderbolt chips to function, they will not function if plugged into a USB-C port. All versions of Thunderbolt allow for daisy-chaining up to six devices together to a host and in addition to data, can also carry Hi-Def video and audio signals. USB In the USB world, things are a bit more complicated because there have been more versions and types than Thunderbolt. Generally, the versions refer to the speed and functionality of the USB cable, while the USB type refers to the physical shape and the wiring of the ports and plugs. Let's start with the USB type. For the most part, Type-A ends (left of the coin) of the USB cables remains the same across existing USB versions.Photo by Dong Ngo/CNET USB Type-A Also known as USB Standard-A, USB Type-A is the original design for the USB standard and uses a flat rectangular shape. On a typical USB cable, the Type A connector, aka the A-male connector, is the end that goes into a host, such as a computer. And on a host, the USB port (or receptacle) where the Type A-male is inserted, is called an A-female port. Type-A ports are mostly in host devices, including desktop computers, laptops, game consoles, media players and so on. There are very few peripheral devices that use a Type-A port. Different USB versions including USB 1.1, USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 (more on differing versions below) currently share the same USB Type-A design. That means a Type-A connector is always compatible with a Type-A port event if the device and host use different USB versions. For example, a USB 3.0 external hard drive also works with a USB 2.0 port, and vice versa. Type-A USB port for USB 3.0 (blue) and USB 2.0 on the back of a computer.Photo by Dong Ngo/CNET Similarly, small devices such as a mouse, keyboard or network adapter that have hard-wired USB cables always use Type-A connectors. That's true also for gadgets without cables, such as a thumb drive. USB 3.0's connectors and ports have have more pins than USB 2.0. This is in order to deliver faster speeds and higher power output. However, these pins are organized in a way that doesn't prevent them from physically working with the older version. Also note that there are smaller Type-A plugs and connectors, including Mini Type-A and Micro Type-A, but there are very few devices that use these designs. Popular USB Type-B: From left Standard-B, Mini-B, Micro-B, Micro-B USB 3.0, and Standard-B USB 3.0.Photo by Dong Ngo/CNET USB Type-B Typically, the Type-B connector is the other end of a standard USB cable that plugs into peripheral device (such as a printer, a phone or an external hard drive). It's also known as Type B-male. On the peripheral device, the USB port is called Type B-female. Since the peripheral devices vary a great deal in shape and size, the Type-B connector and its respective port also come in many different designs. Up to now there have been five popular designs for the USB Type-B's plugs and connectors. And since the Type-A end of a USB cable remains the same, the Type-B end is used to determine the name of the cable itself. (Wikipedia has a great USB connector mating matrix you can consult.) The original standard (Standard-B): This design was first made for USB 1.1 and is also used in USB 2.0. It's mostly for connecting large peripheral devices, such as printers or scanners to a computer. Mini-USB (or Mini-B USB): Significantly smaller, the Mini-USB Type-B ports are found in older portable devices, such as digital cameras, phones and older portable drives. This design is now close to obsolete. Micro-USB (or Micro-B USB): Slightly smaller than Mini-USB, the Micro-USB Type-B port is currently being replaced by USB-C as the charging and data port for latest phones and tablets. Micro-USB 3.0 (or Micro-B USB 3.0): This is the widest design and mostly used for USB 3.0 portable drives. Most of the time, the Type-A end of the cable is blue. Standard-B USB 3.0: This design is very similar to the Standard-B, however, it's designed to handle USB 3.0 speed. Most of the time, both ends of the cable are blue. Note that there's also another, less popular, USB 3.0 Powered-B plug and connector. This design has two additional pins to provide extra power to the peripheral device. Also, there's a relatively rare Micro Type-AB port that allows the device to work as either a host or a peripheral device. A few proprietary USB cables for Samsung and Apple devices.Photo by Dong Ngo/CNET Proprietary USB Not all devices use the standard USB cables mentioned above. Instead, some of them use a proprietary design in the place of the Type-B plug and connector. The most famous examples of these devices are the iPhone and the iPad, where either a 30-pin or Lightning connector takes place of the Type-B end. The Type-A end, however, is still the standard size. USB revisions Top speed Max power output Power direction Cable configuration Availability USB 1.1 12Mbps N/A N/A Type-A to Type-B 1998 USB 2.0 480Mbps 5V, 1.8A Host to peripheral Type-A to Type-B 2000 USB 3.0 / USB 3.1 gen 1 5Gbps 5V, 1.8A Host to peripheral Type-A to Type-B 2008 USB 3.1 / USB 3.1 gen 2 10Gbps 20V, 5A Bi-directional / Host to peripheral (compatible) Type-C both ends, reversible plug orientation / Type-A to Type-C (compatible) 2013 USB versions USB 1.1: Released in August 1998, this is the first USB version to be widely adopted (the original version 1.0 never made it into consumer products). It has a top speed of 12Mbps (though in many cases only performs at 1.2Mbps). It's largely obsolete. USB 2.0: Released in April 2000, it has a max speed of 480Mbps in Hi-Speed mode, or 12Mbps in Full-Speed mode. It currently has the max power out put of 5V, 1.8A and is backward-compatible with USB 1.1. USB 3.0: Released in November 2008, USB 3.0 has a top speed of 5Gbps in SuperSpeed mode. A USB 3.0 port -- and its connector -- are usually colored blue. USB 3.0 is backward-compatible with USB 2.0 and its port can deliver up to 5V, 1.8A of power. This is sometimes refereed to as USB 3.1 Gen 1. USB 3.1 (sometimes refereed to as USB 3.1 Gen 2.): Released on July 26, 2013, USB 3.1 doubles the speed of USB 3.0 to 10Gbps (now called SuperSpeed+ or SuperSpeed USB 10 Gbps), making it as fast as the original Thunderbolt standard. USB 3.1 is backward-compatible with USB 3.0 and USB 2.0. USB 3.1 has three power profiles (according to USB Power Delivery Specification), and allows larger devices to draw power from a host: up to 2A at 5V (for a power consumption of up to 10W), and optionally up to 5A at either 12V (60W) or 20V (100W). The first USB 3.1 products are expected to be available in late 2016, and will mostly use USB Type-C design. A compatible Type-C USB cable from Aukey that has a Type-A end.Photo by Dong Ngo/CNET USB Type-C (or USB-C) Physically, the Type-C port and connector are about the same size as those of the Micro-B USB mentioned above. A Type-C port measures just 8.4 by 2.6mm. This means it's small enough to work for even the smallest peripheral devices. With Type-C, both ends of a USB cable are the same, allowing for reversible plug orientation. You also don't need to worry about plugging it in upside down as it will function both ways. Since 2015, USB-C has been widely adapted and used in many phones and tablets. Many new storage devices also use USB-C ports instead of a USB-B port. Almost all devices that support USB 3.1 use the USB-C port. USB 3.1 has a top speed of 10Gbps and can deliver a power output of up to 20 volts (100 watts) and 5 amps. When you consider most 15-inch laptops require just around 60 watts of power, this means in the future they will be charged the way phones are now, via their little USB port. Apple's new MacBook has just one USB-C port as the sole peripheral and power port. Type-C USB also allows for bi-directional power, so apart from charging the peripheral device, when applicable, a peripheral device could also charge a host device. All this means you can do away with an array of proprietary power adapters and USB cables, and move to a single robust and tiny solution that works for all devices. Type-C USB will significantly cut down the a amount of wires currently needed to make devices work. 20 USB Type-C is taking over -- here are the phones to prove it One port, one cable, no fuss Type-C USB and USB 3.1 are backward-compatible with USB 3.0 and USB 2.0. In a pure Type-C USB connection, the Type-A ports and plugs are no longer included. However, you'll find compatible Type A-to-Type C cables. On top of that, there will be adapters to make Type C hosts and devices work with existing USB devices. This is the first time adapters are required with USB connections, and likely the only time, at least for the the foreseeable future. USB Implementers Forum, the group responsible for the development of USB, says that Type-C USB is designed to be future-proof, meaning the design will be used for future and faster USB versions. It will take a few years more for Type-C become to become as popular as the current Type-A on the host side, but when it does it will simplify the way we work with devices. In fact, Intel is even working on a USB audio standard that might render the 3.5mm audio jack obsolete. And with the addition of Thunderbolt 3 now being the super-set of USB-C, eventually, we'll just have only one type of port and cable to connect all peripheral devices to each other and to a computer. It's predicted that, thanks to support for USB-C, the adoption of Thunderbolt 3 will take off, which hasn't been the case with previous versions of Thunderbolt. Editors' note: This article was originally published on August 22, 2014 and has been regularly updated. Tags Laptops Computer Accessories Laptops Peripherals Computers Desktops Intel Related Stories Xbox One S lowest price ever for Microsoft Black Friday deals Is the new MacBook Pro a must have? (The 3:59, Ep. 140) 7 ways to keep your MacBook from overheating These powerful PCs may cure your MacBook Pro spec blues Close   Discuss: USB Type-C and Thunderbolt 3: One port to... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Does the internet have a fake-news problem? CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Seagate Toshiba Wd Data Center Storage Seagate bowls out fattened-up spinner Ups Enterprise's capacity, speeds up data streams 26 Oct 2016 at 12:20, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles Pluck-filled platter-stuff: Bold disk drive makers fatten up Violin switches stock exchanges fast Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Seagate's sixth generation Enterprise Performance disk drive ups its capacity by 50 per cent to 900GB and increases data transfer speed past 300MB/sec. This is a small form factor or 2.5-inch drive spinning at 15,000rpm with 300GB, 600GB and 900GB capacity points.The prior fifth generation topped out at 600GB and its sustained transfer data rate (outer to inner diameter) was 246-180MiB/sec. The new drive, using the same 12Gbit/s SAS interface, reaches 300-210MB/sec in the 512e format, and 315-215MB/sec 4Kn/512e format. A cache jump from 128MB to 256MB helps this as does TurboBoost read caching technology in the 4Kn format mode. There are better write caching algorithms as well. The average latency is 2ms. The drive has 1 300GB platter and 2 heads at the 300GB capacity, 2 platters and 4 heads at 600GB, and 3 platters and 6 heads at the 900GB level. This gen 6 drive has a two million hours MTBF rating, a 0.44 per cent annualised failure rate, and a five-year limited warranty. There is a self-encrypting version available. Seagate Enterprise Performance v6 SFF drive detail Seagate has no disk drive competition at the 900GB, 15,000rpm product level. WD's HGST Ultrastar C15K600 is a 15,000rpm, 2.5-inch drive that tops out at 600GB. Perhaps we have a C15K900 coming, if WD can see a market for it? Toshiba's AL13SX is also a 600GB, 15,000rpm drive. Like the WD one it uses the same 12Gbit/s SAS interface as Seagate's latest product. And, similarly, we might see a 900GB version of this drive too. El Reg thinks that this 900GB drive from Seagate may possibly be its last such drive made, as SSDs are replacing performance disk drives at quite a rate. Get yourself a data sheet for this new drive here. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Seagate soups up M.2 Nytro flash card Doubles capacity of its mini NMVe drive to 2TB 7 Comments Seagate coats SATA flash in Nytro, waits for explosion It's a power-sipper, apparently 3 Comments Seagate flashes 60TB (yes, sixty) SSD monster Micron helps disk biz join the 3D NAND party 27 Comments Seagate to dismount and fsck its ClusterStor? 'We're unable to provide any other information at this time' 2 Comments Seagate floats out 10TB HDD filled with lifting gas Catches up with HGST’s basic helium-filled drive tech 26 Comments Wow, everyone loves our drives, says Seagate sitting on a pile o' cash Disk arrays and flash still minor league stuff, though 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Bad news, Trump. NASty storage is pretty popular, too Flash reaches the enterprise tipping point Dell EMC World tease: What does 'composable' mean to you, readers? SSDs in the enterprise: It's about more than just speed Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Latest: Styr Labs’ Smart Bottle tracks your hydration levels Zepp Golf gets the official nod of approval from USGA Powerwatch: the smartwatch that runs on body heat Apple said to be testing virtual reality glasses Amazon Black Friday 2016 wearable tech deals Gadgets & Wearables News, reviews, comparisons News Smart gadgets Wearables Health trackers Smart scales Smart blood pressure monitors Sports trackers Basketball Cycling Football/soccer Golf Swimming Tennis Weightlifting Wearables for kids Wearables for pets Reviews Wearables Health trackers Sports trackers Buying guides Comparisons Fitness trackers Wrist worn Heart rate chest straps Biometric headphones Health trackers Smart scales Smart blood pressure monitors Smart sleep trackers Smart thermometers Sports trackers Brands Crowdfunding About us Subscribe to our newsletter Contact us Write for us Partnerships The Team Privacy policy basis news wearables  Basis extends refunding program to B1 Band owners October 26, 2016 Marko Maslakovic 423 Views 0 Comment Intel subsidiary Basis reaffirmed plans this week to shut down its fitness platform on December 31st. It also extended its refunding program to Basis B1 Band owners. The initial recall didn’t affect older Basis devices. “Today we are letting you know that we will soon stop support for our legacy watch, the Basis B1,” the company wrote in an email to Basis customers. “The B1 has been a central part of our community for 4 wonderful years and we made the difficult decision to stop all services effective December 31, 2016. This means that your watch will no longer function after that date. We know that many of you will be disappointed by our decision and we are deeply sorry for the inconvenience this will cause.” The company first sent a statement in June about overheating issues. Apparently, a small number of people reported that their Peak watches overheated, and in some cases caused discomfort, blistering or burns on their wrist under the watch body. The number of reported cases was very small, approximately 1 in 500 watches sold. It seems that the problems first started back in late 2014, which means the company has not exactly been lightning quick in reacting to the complaints. If you are a Basis Peak or Basis B1 owner, you can return your watch and any accessories for a full refund by applying on this page. Basis recommends you download your old fitness data before the end of this year. Your fitness data will be delivered in a .ZIP document containing a series of .CSV files. A company spokesman said he couldn’t estimate how many Basis Science devices had been sold, and it doesn’t seem to us that a replacement product will be developed any time soon. Like this article? Subscribe to our monthly newsletter and never miss out! You May Also Like 1 in 10 Brits so lazy they never walk anywhere Research by leading wearables manufacturer Fitbit, revealed that a half of Brit's have not walked for 30 minutes at a time for more than a week. And 1... Ditto: a simple device that makes sure you don’t miss important ... Smartphones do many things. But it’s easy to become a slave to them. Ditto is a wearable that aims to lessen the chances of that happening. Coined the... Michael Kors enters fitness tracker market with Access wearable Michael Kors, the American luxury fashion company, announced its entrance into fitness tracking with the Access Crosby wearable. The company, which... ← Fossil launches 40 more smartwatches to smash through its 140 target for 2016 Wearables – a glimpse into the future → Share This Post: Leave a Reply Be the First to Comment! Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Compare fitness trackers Alex Posture TrackerAmazfit ArcAmazfit EquatorAmazfit MoonbeamApple Watch Series 1Apple Watch Series 2Archon TouchAtlas Fitness Tracker 2Basis PeakBeast sensorBellabeat Leaf NatureBellabeat Leaf UrbanDittoEmbraceEpson Pulsense PS 100Epson Pulsense PS 500Fitbit AltaFitbit BlazeFitbit ChargeFitbit Charge 2Fitbit Charge HRFitbit FlexFitbit Flex 2Fitbit OneFitbit SurgeFitbit ZipFitbug OrbGarmin VivoactiveGarmin Vivoactive HRGarmin VivofitGarmin Vivofit 2Garmin Vivofit 3Garmin VivomoveGarmin VivosmartGarmin Vivosmart HRGarmin Vivosmart HR+GymwatchHuawei FitHuawei Talkband B3iHealth EdgeiHealth WaveJawbone UP MoveJawbone UP2Jawbone UP3Jawbone UP4LG Lifeband TouchLumo LiftLumo RunMichael Kors AccessMiCoach Speed CellMicrosoft BandMicrosoft Band 2Mio Alpha 2Mio FuseMio LinkMio VeloMiraMisfit FlashMisfit LinkMisfit PhaseMisfit RayMisfit ShineMisfit Shine 2Misfit Shine 2 Swimmer`s EditionMisfit Speedo ShineMisfit Swarovski ShineMoov HRMoov NowMuseNike Plus FuelbandNike Plus Fuelband SEPavlokPebble 2 + HRPebble 2 SEPebble ClassicPebble SteelPebble Time RoundPebble Time SteelPhilips Health WatchPipPivotal LivingPolar A360Polar LoopPolar Loop 2Polar Loop CrystalPolar M600PranaPush StrengthRazer NabuRuntastic OrbitSamsung Gear FitSamsung Gear Fit 2Skulpt AimSkulpt ChiselSonaSony Smartband 2Sony SmartBand SWR10Sony Smartband SWR30Spire Breath TrackerStrive Fusion Strive Fusion BioStrive Fusion LiteThyncTomTom TouchUA BandUpRight Posture TrainerWellBeWithings ActiviteWithings Activite PopWithings Activite SteelWithings GoWithings Pulse O2Withings Steel HRXiaomi Mi BandXiaomi Mi Band 1SXiaomi Mi Band 2Zikto Walk   Breaking News Styr Labs’ Smart Bottle tracks your hydration levels November 15, 2016 Ivan Jovin No Comment Zepp Golf gets the official nod of approval from USGA November 15, 2016 Dusan Johnson No Comment Powerwatch: the smartwatch that runs on body heat November 15, 2016 Marko Maslakovic No Comment Apple said to be testing virtual reality glasses November 15, 2016 Marko Maslakovic No Comment Amazon Black Friday 2016 wearable tech deals November 14, 2016 Marko Maslakovic No Comment Quantify your baby November 14, 2016 Marko Maslakovic 2 Comments Popular Recent Comment Top fitness trackers for kids April 11, 2016 Marko Maslakovic 3 Comments The best smartwatches for kids August 8, 2016 Marko Maslakovic 4 Comments Wearables that won’t break the bank October 8, 2016 Marko Maslakovic 1 Comment Activity trackers for women – merging fashion with fitness October 1, 2016 Marko Maslakovic 4 Comments Garmin Fenix 4: rumours, release date, design and features September 25, 2016 Marko Maslakovic 7 Comments Which Garmin fitness tracker should you buy? May 21, 2016 Marko Maslakovic 1 Comment Styr Labs’ Smart Bottle tracks your hydration levels November 15, 2016 Ivan Jovin Zepp Golf gets the official nod of approval from USGA November 15, 2016 Dusan Johnson Powerwatch: the smartwatch that runs on body heat November 15, 2016 Marko Maslakovic Apple said to be testing virtual reality glasses November 15, 2016 Marko Maslakovic Amazon Black Friday 2016 wearable tech deals November 14, 2016 Marko Maslakovic Quantify your baby November 14, 2016 Marko Maslakovic Marko Maslakovic says: I totally agree - there is a lot of overlap betwee... Erick says: Sorry, by compelling usage I mean to ask, what is ... Erick says: I just got a new Garmin 230 and have used the Live... Marko Maslakovic says: You are going to struggle to find a ladies watch t... Irina says: Could you recommend a trekker that will measure di... Harl says: I've tried a few of these gps trackers mentioned a... Hot wearables Fitbit Charge 2 Apple Watch 2 Vivosmart HR Fitbit Flex 2 Withings Steel HR Vivoactive HR Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Alta Xiaomi Mi 2 Band User Polls Subscribe to our monthly newsletter Email Address Submit Twitter feed Tweets by @hfgenthusiast Tags Adidas Apple Atlas Babolat Basis Beast Bellabeat Catapult CES 2016 Crowdfunding Cuff Epson Fitbit Fossil Garmin Gymwatch HereO iHealth Jawbone Koogeek Microsoft Mio Misfit Moov Muse Omron Pebble Philips Pip Polar Qardio Qlipp Samsung Skulpt Sona Sony Spire Thync TomTom Under Armour Viper WellBe Withings Xiaomi Zepp Social Twitter Facebook Pinterest Explore News Smart gadgets Wearables Health trackers Sports trackers Wearables for kids Wearables for pets Reviews Wearables Health trackers Sports trackers Buying guides Product comparison tool Crowdfunding Brands About us Write for us Partnerships Privacy policy Gadgets & Wareables is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.ca, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, Amazon.it and Amazon.es. @All rights reserved Gadgets & Wearables 2016 Subscribe to our monthly newsletter We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech Reviews Dell Inspiron 11 Review: The fun Windows 10 notebook Dell Inspiron 11 Review: The fun Windows 10 notebook Dell Inspiron 11 is ideal back-to-school notebook that now gains the ability to flip 360-degrees? But do you really need one? Read our review to find out Rating: 4 out of 5 Written by Karthekayan Iyer | Published:October 26, 2016 4:20 pm Dell Inspiron 11 is the latest from the company that pushes the convertible form factor to an even more affordable price range The PC industry has reported another quarterly decline in shipments, the eighth consecutive quarterly decline. But that hasn’t stopped manufacturers from innovating. The threshold of innovative design is still catapulted by Microsoft (looking at the Surface Book) but the broader PC industry is catching up in the race with thinner design, near bezel-less display and yes, convertible form factor. Dell, Lenovo, HP — all are making convertibles either with detachable keyboards or with a flippable screen. PC OEMs are pushing notebook design towards a convertible form factor, which is a great option. Dell Inspiron 11 Dell Inspiron 11 is the latest from the company that pushes the convertible form factor to an even more affordable price range. The USP of Dell Inspiron 11 is its affordable price, colourful variants and 360-degree hinge. It is that ideal back-to-school notebook that now gains the ability to flip 360-degrees? But do you really need one? Read our review to find out. Specs: 11.6-inch HD (1366 x 768) Display | Windows 10 Home | Intel Pentium N3710 processor | 4GB RAM | 500GB storage | Intel HD Graphics | 2 Cell Li-Ion battery | USB 3.0 x1 | USB 2.0 x2 | HDMI port | microSD card reader | 1.3kg Price: Rs 34,990 What is good? If there is one thing to really like about this notebook, then it is the form factor. I have used notebooks with a 360-degree hinge costing nearly Rs 1,00,000 before, but this is the first time I have found it effective. Since Dell Inspiron 11 features a smaller 11-inch display, it works well in all kind of modes – tent, tablet, stand and standard laptop. If you watch a lot of videos then you’ll find the tablet mode really convincing on this one. With Inspiron 11 series, you get bold colour options – our review unit came in punchy blue colour With Dell Inspiron 11, Windows 10 nicely helps the form factor. The tablet mode with Windows 10 which converts the icons into larger live tiles and disables the keyboard, helps when you flip the notebook flat on its face. Windows 10 core features like Cortana and touch work seamlessly along with easier workflow between programs. The app support is not big, but it is decent enough for PC users. Dell Inspiron 11 is a classic Dell machine, so you get the design the Texas firm is known to deliver. With Inspiron 11 series, you get bold colour options – our review unit came in punchy blue colour. There is also a pink option which is ‘very pink’ in my opinion. The Dell Inspiron 11’s design highlight is the 360-degree hinge which is sturdy and can easily last for years. The design also involves a nicely laid out keyboard and a decently large trackpad. Dell has also laid out the ports nicely allowing for ease of access to HDMI and USB ports. After using Inspiron 11 for more than two weeks, I easily got accustomed to its keyboard and the trackpad After using Inspiron 11 for more than two weeks, I easily got accustomed to its keyboard and the trackpad. The keyboard has a very nice travel and the keys are punchy too. It is certainly not as mushier as the one found on XPS range, but I am convinced that this keyboard will be good enough for writing a thesis or jotting down notes. Right from the early generation Inspiron series, Dell has managed to build a great trackpad and that continues with Inspiron 11 too. I mostly have multiple programmes open on my Windows machine and with Inspiron 11, I was easily able to do three finger swipe up gesture to expose open windows and then switch between them by gently swiping one finger on the trackpad. The feature will be appreciated by people who have multiple apps or programs open on their machine. One of the best things about Dell Inspiron 11 is its sub 1.5Kg weight. Trust me, I carry a notebook that weighs 3Kg and with Inspiron 11, I felt as if my backpack is missing the notebook. Dell Inspiron 11 is light, but it doesn’t compromise on performance, which is another bonus here. What is not good? Dell has also laid out the ports nicely allowing for ease of access to HDMI and USB ports There is only one little quirk with this machine – the display. Dell Inspiron 11 has a 11-inch 1366 x 768 display which is adequate in terms of resolution but fails in terms of brightness and viewing angles. The viewing angle becomes a painpoint when you push the notebook to a slightly odd angle in tent mode. The display is definitely not bad, but it is not the most comfortable one. Should you buy? If you are a student looking for a notebook to take notes or write assignment, Inspiron 11 easily fits the bill With Inspiron 11, Dell has managed to bring the premium convertible design to a sub-35k range and I am convinced it works in the favour of the device. With Dell Inspiron 11, affordability finally meets the convertible design and it will only get cheaper. If you are a student looking for a notebook to take notes or write assignment, Inspiron 11 easily fits the bill. The fact that it weighs just under 1.5Kg, means you can still carry other stuff. If you are a student thinking of a back-to-school notebook, I think this is where your money should be. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaLIVE: Calls grow for PM Modi to address House over Demonetisation IndiaRahul Gandhi: PM Narendra Modi is running the government of few industrialists IndiaSushma Swaraj suffers kidney failure, undergoes dialysis at AIIMS BusinessSBI writes off Rs 7,016 crore loans owed by wilful defaulters IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal EntertainmentI am besharam, nudity means nothing to me: Ranveer Singh on Befikre EntertainmentBefikre and all its kisses get U/A certificate, Ranveer Singh calls it family film EntertainmentDirector Ameer questions Rajinikanth's integrity for supporting PM Modi's demonetisation EntertainmentTwinkle asked Karan full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget KWK Must Read SportsDemonetisation greatest move in Indian politics: Kohli SportsThere will be few surprises in the playing XI: Virat Kohli SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyOnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's the big difference? TechnologyOnePlus 3T goes official: Price, specifications and features TechnologyWhatsApp video calling on Android, iOS: Here is how it works LifestyleHere's why some women are unable to conceive: Study Nov 16: Latest News Pramila Jayapal describes India as ‘incredibly important’, says lot of work needed to done for Indo-US relations Submit data on EWS admissions in upper classes: Delhi government to schools John Kerry arrives at Marrakesh conference overshadowed by Donald Trump Cairo Film Festival paid tribute to Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan and others I am not qualified to comment on demonetisation, says Befikre Ranveer Singh Karthekayan IyerEngineer by training, tech journalist by passion.... read more Dell Inspiron 11 Review: The fun Windows 10 notebook Titan Juxt Pro review: There is nothing smart about this watch Offline will be a gamechanger, exploring space keenly: LeEco India head                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved

/ Big Data Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Web Dev Let's be friends: Apache Spot (Incubating): Fighting Cyber Threats via an Open Data Model This is an overview of the new open source apache project for cyber security analytics originally from Intel. by Mark Grover · by Morris Hicks · Oct. 26, 16 · Big Data Zone Like (5) Comment (1) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Is iPaaS solving the right problems? Not knowing the fundamental difference between iPaaS and dPaaS could cost you down the road. Brought to you in partnership with Liaison Technologies. The open source Open Network Insights (ONI) project, now called Spot, was recently accepted into the ASF Incubator. Here are the highlights about its open data model approach and initial use cases. One of the biggest challenges organizations face today in combating cyber threats is collecting and normalizing data from numerous security event data sources (often up to thousands of them) to build the required analytics. This process often results in those analytics becoming dependent upon specific technologies for detecting threats and prevents the necessary flexibility and agility for keeping up with these ever-increasing (and complex) attacks. Thus, technology lock-in is often a byproduct of today’s status quo, as it’s extremely costly to add new technologies (or replace existing ones) because of these downstream analytic dependencies. Apache Spot (incubating), formerly known as Open Network Insight (ONI), is an open source project (based on the Cloudera platform) originally developed by Intel Corp. engineers for cyber security analytics, and premised on a community-driven open data model that addresses the need for agility and de-coupling of analytics from threat detection to counter constantly evolving use cases. In this blog post, you’ll get an overview of Spot’s unique open data model and initial use cases. Spot’s Open Data Model Strategy Today, Spot’s primary use case is network traffic analysis for network flows (NetFlow, sFlow, and so on), DNS, and proxy. Essentially, Spot enables identification of threats through anomalous event detection using both supervised and unsupervised machine learning. However, Spot’s open data model strategy aims to extend Spot’s existing capabilities to unlock a broader set of cybersecurity use cases than are currently supported. The availability of an open data model, which can be applied “on-read” or “on-write”, in batch or stream, will allow for the separation of security analytics from the specific data sources on which they are built. This “separation of duties” enables the Spot community to build analytics that are independent of specific technologies and provide the flexibility to change underlying data sources, without impacting the analytics. This approach will also give security vendors the opportunity to build additional products on top of the open data model to drive new revenue streams. For example, to support this broader set of use cases, Spot could be extended to collect and analyze other common event-oriented data sources analyzed for cyber threats, including but not limited to the following log types: Active Directory/identity management User/entity behavior analysis Endpoint/asset management Proxy Web server Operating system Firewall Intrusion prevention/detection Data loss prevention Network meta/session and PCAP files You can learn technical details about Spot’s open data model (and supported data formats) here. Use Cases for Spot, Today Even with this strategy for adding community-driven extensions, today, Spot is unique in its ability to address the following cyber security use cases, which are not effectively addressed by legacy technologies: Detection of Known and Unknown Threats via ML and Advanced Analytic Modeling Current technologies are limited in the analytics they can apply to detect threats. These limitations stem from the inability to collect all the data sources needed to effectively identify threats (structured, unstructured, and so on), and inability to process the massive volumes of data needed to do so. Legacy technologies are typically limited to rules-based and signature detection; they are somewhat effective at detecting known threats but struggle with new threats. Spot addresses these gaps through its ability to collect any data type in any volume. In addition to the various analytic frameworks that are currently supported (including machine learning), Spot unlocks a whole new class of analytics that can scale to today’s demands. The topic model for detecting anomalous network traffic is one example of where the Spot platform excels. Reduction of Mean Time to Incident Detection & Resolution (MTTR) One of the challenges organizations face today is the inability to detect threats early enough to minimize adverse impacts, which stems from the limitations previously discussed with regard to limited analytics. It can also be attributed to the fact that investigative queries often take hours or days to return results. Legacy technologies can’t offer a central data store for facilitating such investigations due to their inability to store and serve the massive amounts of data involved. This limitation cripples incident investigations and results in MTTRs of many weeks and months; meanwhile, the adverse impacts of the breach are magnified, thus making the threat harder to eradicate. Spot addresses these gaps by providing the capability for a central data store that houses all the data needed to facilitate an investigation, returning investigative query results in seconds and minutes (vs. hours and days). Therefore, Spot can effectively reduce incident MTTR and reduce adverse impacts of a breach. Threat Hunting It has become necessary for organizations to “hunt” for active threats as traditional, passive threat-detection approaches are not sufficient. “Hunting” involves performing ad-hoc searches and queries over vast amounts of data representing many weeks or months of events, as well as applying ad-hoc algorithms to detect the proverbial needle in the haystack. Traditional systems do not perform well for these types of activities as the query results sometimes take hours and days to be retrieved. These traditional systems also lack the analytic flexibility to construct the necessary algorithms and logic. In contrast, Spot addresses these gaps in the same ways it addresses others: by providing a central data store with the required analytic frameworks that scale to the required workloads. Join the Mission The Spot project already includes contributors from Cloudera, Intel, eBay, Webroot, Jask, Cybraics, Cloudwick, and Endgame, but for success in its mission, more contributors will be needed. With its open data model approach, Spot has the potential to become a touchpoint project that galvanizes the developer community to help combat the serious (and constantly mutating) cybersecurity threat faced by virtually every organization, and connected consumer, on the planet. We’re confident that ASF governance would go a long way toward making that vision a reality. For more background about the motivation behind Spot, read this. Discover the unprecedented possibilities and challenges, created by today’s fast paced data climate and why your current integration solution is not enough, brought to you in partnership with Liaison Technologies. Topics: big data,security,machine learning Like (5) Comment (1) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Mark Grover, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Big Data Partner Resources The Rise of Stream Processing Hortonworks Revolutionary Approach to Integration and Data Management Liaison Technologies Integrating Apache Hadoop with the Enterprise Data Warehouse Hortonworks iPaaS vs. dPaaS: The High Cost of the Wrong Choice Liaison Technologies Take the Hortonworks Big Data Scorecard to learn where you stand, and stand to improve! Hortonworks Unlock your Data-Inspired Future Liaison Technologies The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Have you heard of Phoronix Premium? It's what complements advertisements on this site for our premium ad-free service. For as little as $3 USD per month, you can help support our site while the funds generated allow us to keep doing Linux hardware reviews, performance benchmarking, maintain our community forums, and much more. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. ARB_gpu_shader_int64 Patches For Intel's Mesa Driver Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 26 October 2016 at 12:05 AM EDT. 12 Comments Well known Intel open-source developer Ian Romanick has published a massive set of 59 patches for enabling GL_ARB_gpu_shader_int64 within core Mesa and their i965 DRI driver. "Whew! Here it is! There are four main groups to this patch series," began Ian Romanick in announcing the patches for this big code addition to Mesa. ARB_gpu_shader_int64 is about adding 64-bit integer support for OpenGL shaders, similar to ARB_gpu_shader_fp64 in bringing double-precision floating data point to shaders. More details on the ARB_gpu_shader_int64 support can be found via this patch series. The INT64 Intel support is limited to Broadwell "Gen 8" hardware and newer. 12 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Patches Updated, Now On By Default For Multi-Socket Systems Intel Stages More DRM Driver Changes For Linux 4.10 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Intel Publishes Open-Source Graphics Driver Code For Bringing Up "Geminilake" Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.

Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News Deals Brand new Intel Kaby Lake HP laptops, up to $510 Off 7th gen Intel Kaby Lake processors now arrived on HP's lineup - there's even discounts available at up to $510 off By: TweakTown Dealzon | Deals News | Posted: Oct 26, 2016 3:41 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel's Kaby Lake, the CPU successor to Skylake, is finally hitting the mainline retail shelves as evidenced by HP. Earlier this past weekend, HP added five new 7th Gen laptops to their online store catalog. Four of the five laptops are 15.6-inch machines while the last pick is a 17.3-inch desktop replace - all on the higher-end spectrum in terms of specification. To move units, there are even coupon discounts on the Kaby Lake HP Envy 15 laptops upon release week - something HP has traditionally been doing for the past handful of years.     Keep in mind, Kaby Lake is all about resolution performance. It will have a slightly faster clock speed to 6th gen, but the best reason to go 7th gen is 4K displays and 3D graphics. For the most part, HP is offering 4K, but going 1080p will make it hundreds less.   For all deals use promo code: EMRY9599   Envy 15   15.6" HP Envy 15t i7-7500U, 6GB, 1080p - $639.99 (list $830) 15.6" HP Envy 15t i7-7500U, 8GB, 256GB SSD, 1080p Touch - $719.99 (list $950) 15.6" HP Envy 15 i7-7500U, 16GB, 512GB SSD, 4K - $1,009.99 (list $1,200)   Envy 17   17.3" HP Envy 17 i7-7500U, 16GB, 512GB SSD, GeForce 940MX, 1080p Touch - $989.99 (list $1,500) 17.3" HP Envy 17 i7-7500U, 12GB, GeForce 940MX - $869.99 (list $1,030)   The greatest savings you'll achieve in these opening deals for the HP Envy Kaby Lake laptops is the 17.3-inch model. Its base configuration starts out pretty high-end with a 1080p touch display, discrete graphics, a fast-booting 512GB SSD, and 16GB RAM. Upgrading to a 4K display is available given the Kaby Lake excels in 4K performance, but the display upgrade is fairly costly, being an extra $250.   If you look at all configurations listed above, you'll notice three laptops are customizable and two are pre-built models. The pre-built, like the high-end 15.6-inch 4K model with a 512GB SSD, will be shipped out the next business day from HP and will arrive for free in about a week. The customizable laptops take a little more time because HP will need to build them to your specifications, and will arrive in about two weeks after purchase straight from the factory. GPU options for select machine includes the GeForce 940MX, a mid-range option which will be able to run most modern titles at low to medium settings. Recommended for You Save big on this week's best tech deals Two PlayStation 4 Pro pre-order bonuses now available... Dishonored 2 pre-load goes live, Steam deals 20% off... Boost your resume with tech's hottest certifications... >> NEXT STORY: Bethesda throws a massive game sale on Steam << PREVIOUS STORY: New Moto Racer 4 gameplay trailer revealed Related Tags HP deals laptops kaby lake Intel Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Diversity Brian Krzanich Business That time Brian Krzanich had dinner with Elon Musk, Marc Benioff, David Blaine and Lars from Metallica Intel CEO talks teamwork, not reading books and white privilege 25 Oct 2016 at 21:39, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Samsung ties Thread into two new IoT Artik chips Benioff on being hacked: We're looking into some next-gen fax machines That time Brian Krzanich had dinner with Elon Musk, Marc Benioff, David Blaine and Lars from Metallica Intel CEO Brian Krzanich doesn't read books. "I don't read. I don't read books. I don't have time," said BK – as everyone at the chip company calls him – on the second day of the Intel Capital Global Summit. "The last book I read was on the technology of welding; I decided one day I would teach myself how to weld." That statement is seemingly at odds with what two of BK's board members – former eBay CEO John Donahoe and former PeopleSoft VP Aneel Bhusri – said of Krzanich the day before on stage. The quality that they said ultimately gave Krzanich the CEO job in 2013 – after more than 30 years working at the company – was the fact he was a "learning machine." If there was one persistent theme about learning during Krzanich's keynote it was that he does it from listening to others' viewpoints – and tries to impose the same approach on others. "I've fired more people for not being able to work in a team than for being dumb," he revealed. "Team skills are more important than most other skills." He also listed "being humble enough to say you don't know it all" and "being willing to accept feedback and improve" as the two biggest lessons he'd learned from his time at Intel. Another example of learning: diversity. Last year, Krzanich made headlines when he announced an aggressive diversity program at Intel – a program that he admits he unwisely omitted to tell his board he was launching. As opposed to the rest of Silicon Valley – which makes promises to increase the number of women and people of color in their ranks every year and then 12 months' later makes excuses for why they failed again to do so – Intel has taken the task seriously and not only promises to spend money on the issue, but also tied in exec bonuses to meeting diversity targets – targets that have largely been met. Krzanich said three things led him to decide to take diversity seriously: He decided that as CEO he "should try to do something that's meaningful" and had noticed that despite a seemingly constant effort, the diversity figures were not improving. He spoke of his two daughters, who have technical interests, and how he wanted to "make the industry a little bit better for them; give them an equal chance." He gave an example of where having a diverse team can lead to better products and escape "group-think." He described a whole group of male engineers focused on how to improve some plugin who were at a complete loss until a woman on the team came in and simply suggested they use a bowl – she uses a bowl to put her jewelry in every night. The answer was obvious and staring them in the face, but they all came from the same mindset and so didn't see it. Role of tech Related to that, Krzanich argued that diversity of views is going to be increasingly important, particularly with technology playing a greater role in people's lives. "You can definitely put biases into these systems," he noted when asked about the potential downside to a world where your devices know where and who you are at all times. "Everyone has a bias, so we need enough people's biases to rule them out. As an industry we have to police ourselves, or we'll be policed." The drive for greater diversity did raise some "ugly" issues however, he noted, top of which was "white male employees who were wondering: what about me? Will I no longer get a promotion? Will my son, just because he's white, not be able to get a job?" Krzanich noted that these questions – which he called a "backlash" – had come up a few times at open staff meetings that he presides over and his response was that there was "enough room and space for everyone." "I would say, 'look, we are hiring 5,000 people this year – even if 2,000 of them go to women and people of color, there are still literally thousands of other jobs; we're not cutting anyone out'." The future Krzanich still feels that Moore's Law is driving change. Where we had the PC 30 years ago and the mobile phone 10-15 years ago, he feels we are on the cusp of a new "set of transitions" thanks to changes coming from opposite ends of the technology spectrum. At one end are the machines. Or more exactly machine learning – "what the press likes to call artificial intelligence" – where machines are able to recognize and interpret the world around them and provide meaningful responses to simple requests on the back of huge amounts of analyzed data. And at the other end is artificial and augmented reality, where the amount of computing that can take place in your end device – your headset or glass – "is going to be phenomenal." Taken together, "you'll be able to look down the street and see a list of businesses, or you'll ask 'where's my car?' and an arrow will point you toward it." He also sees a "huge opportunity" in people creating content for new devices – everything from giving you the sensation of being courtside at a big game, to learning about the Pyramids by visiting them virtually, rather than reading about them in, yes, a book. Intel is going to be known as "the experience company," Krzanich argued, reflecting the chip company's rebranding efforts to become hip, new and relevant to a new generation of consumers. As experiences go however, perhaps Krzanich's most intriguing one happened in the real world. Asked about other tech folk he admired, he listed, among others, Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff. "He is the most eclectic person I can think of," he noted. "I've actually been for dinner at his house and along with him, Elon Musk and myself, he had invited Lars from Metallica and David Blaine the magician. And I thought 'well this is going to be a wild ride,' and it was." How wild a ride, unfortunately, he would not divulge. Although it's safe to say that is the sort of dinner that people would be happy to experience through Intel-funded tech. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 6 Comments More from The Register Intel's latest diversity report shows numbers at a standstill No progress on Operation De-pale-and-male since 2014 24 Comments Microsoft's equality and diversity: Skimpy schoolgirls dancing for nerds at an Xbox party Console boss apologizes amid PR disaster 231 Comments Girls! Girls! Girls! Intel brags about diversity push, Silicon Valley tells itself it's doing great Gender equality report raises issues, asks questions 38 Comments Thought Apple was kidding about diversity? Here's 50 MEEELLION reasons you're wrong Big bucks to make Silicon Valley less white, civilian, and male 17 Comments Intel President Renée James says Chipzilla's diversity efforts are moving too slowly Calls for industry to get better at offering family-friendly workplaces 3 Comments Intel workforce diversity report throws up a bunch of 'unknowns' Chipzilla continues its efforts to diversify its mostly pale, male staff 16 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Hardware ain't hard, money is: Crowdfunding, bootstraps and startups Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Innovation   /   Intel Capital Invests $38 Million in 12 Promising Startups       Intel Capital Invests $38 Million in 12 Promising Startups     By Chris Preimesberger  |  Posted 2016-10-25 Print               Companies joining ICap's portfolio have come up with impressive IoT, video, vision and driverless vehicle solutions that we will be seeing in the future. SAN DIEGO—As IT-plus-money conferences go, the Intel Capital Global Summit here at the waterfront Manchester Grand Hyatt is an A-lister, for sure. Nearly 1,000 business and tech executives are spending a few days in the autumn sun to mingle, talk about business and the World Series, and hear respected thought speakers such as author and former NBA all-star Sen. Bill Bradley, Salesforce founder and CEO Marc Benioff, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, PayPal Chairman John Donohoe, Workday CEO Aneel Bhusri and Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam. Intel Capital, a global investment organization, itself made news Oct. 24 when it announced new investments totaling more than $38 million for 12 promising startups. The companies joining ICap's portfolio have come up with internet of things (IoT) solutions for seniors and disabled individuals, advanced audio for 360-degree virtual reality systems, and human-like vision systems for connected cars, among other products. Following are details on Intel Capital's new investments in 12 pioneering startups: Autonomous Machines Chronocam (Paris) develops innovative computer vision sensors and systems for a variety of applications in autonomous navigation and connected objects. Formed by the leading pioneers in the field of neuromorphic vision, the company wants to establish a new computer vision standard by unlocking a paradigm shift in vision sensing and processing inspired by the human eye. Embodied (Pasadena, Calif.), co-founded by Paolo Pirjanian, the former CTO of iRobot, maker of Roomba, and a world-renowned professor of robotics and neuroscience from the University of Southern California, is developing state-of-the-art products that aim to revolutionize robotics. Using major recent advances in machine perception, cognition and learning, its systems develop affordable personal robots that improve human wellness and quality of life. Perrone Robotics (Charlottesville, Va.) provides software and solutions that make it easier to build robust mobile autonomous robotics applications. Its technology helps researchers and engineers develop partial and fully autonomous vehicle and robotics applications. Data and Connectivity Eazytec1 (Jiangsu, China) is a smart city developer and service provider with proprietary core firmware (BIOS) technology. Its headquarters and research park, located in Yixing City, Jiangsu Province, have been identified as a national science and technology business incubator in China. The company specializes in application software and firmware development, system integration, and data center services. Grand Chip Microelectronics (aka Kangxi Communication Technologies; Shanghai, China) is committed to delivering high-performance, high-linearity and highly integrated WiFi front-end devices for WLAN infrastructure, wireless connectivity on cellular platforms and the internet of things. Paxata (Redwood City, Calif.) is an enterprise-grade, self-service business information platform that serves the needs of both the business consumer and IT. With Paxata, business analysts, data engineers and data scientists are able to instantaneously transform raw data to information ready-for-business analysis with accuracy and efficiency. There is no need for code or sampling because Paxata uses a patent-pending, machine learning, natural-language processing and semantic text algorithm built on a distributed, in-memory columnar pipeline architecture for massive scale. StealthMine (Sunnyvale, Calif.) enables enterprise applications to run on encrypted data. The technology provides full data insulation against server, network, storage and database attacks and insider compromises. Sports and Health CubeWorks (Ann Harbor, Mich.) delivers the next generation in millimeter-scale computing with its Cubisens platform, which enables the first truly autonomous wireless sensing platform measuring less than a millimeter. Cubisens systems are able to sense and process their environment, wirelessly transmit the results or store them for later usage. Kinduct (Halifax, Canada) provides cloud-based data and analytics software for sports organizations, military and public safety units, physical medicine clinics, and health and wellness institutions. With a client list that includes teams in all five major sports leagues in North America, the Kinduct platform is changing the way information shapes human performance by allowing organizations to derive insights from multiple sources of data. K4Connect (Raleigh, N.C.) creates solutions that serve older adults and individuals living with disabilities by integrating the latest smart technologies and applications into a single responsive system. Its first solution, K4Community, is specifically designed for residents of senior living communities, creating smarter and healthier living environments, as well as fostering family and community engagement, while also providing the operators with the insights and analytics needed to offer world-class care and hospitality. Virtual Reality Dysonics (San Francisco) leverages more than 20 years of academic research to deliver patented technologies that yield lifelike 360-degree sound experiences over headphones. Dysonics creates immersive audio software and hardware products for capture, creation and playback of next-generation content including virtual reality. InContext Solutions (Chicago) develops scalable, cloud-based virtual reality solutions for retail that provide important insights for manufacturers and retailers. The company's enterprise SaaS VR platform and services help brands more efficiently and profitably visualize new concepts and better understand shopper behavior in a rapidly evolving retail space. A number of these investments were made under the auspices of Intel Capital's new sports and health focus, which uses a cross-disciplinary approach that spans multiple investing teams. The new concentration reflects recent comments by Intel CEO Krzanich that "digitization is the biggest change in sports in decades. With Intel's high-performance computing power, every aspect of sports and wellness can now be captured as a piece of data, measured and broadcast nearly in real time—fueling the continued buildout of the cloud." In addition, Brooks announced the formation of the new Intel Sports Group, which will develop partnerships with major sports leagues to use Intel technologies to create new immersive experiences for fans. Brooks will oversee the business unit. This year's Global Summit also demonstrated a group of new products from existing Intel Capital portfolio companies. They include: --Altia Systems, creator of the PanaCast camera system, which demonstrated the PanaCast 3D Virtual Reality kit, which produces 4K 3D videos with real-time, in-device stitching; --Braigo Labs, founded by Shubham Banerjee, one of the world's youngest entrepreneurs, which demonstrated a new iOS smartphone app for the visually impaired that features image recognition-to-text capabilities and converts text to speech; --Keyssa, which showed a high-speed contactless connectivity solution for the two-in-one detachable market segment. It delivers the high-speed I/O of a PC while preserving an ultra-thin form factor; and --NetSpeed Systems, which demonstrated a machine learning-based interconnect platform for streamlining system-on-chip (SoC) architectures and designs. Additionally, NetSpeed Systems CEO Sundari Mitra announced the completion of a $10 million Series C investment round led by Intel Capital.         Chris Preimesberger is Editor of Features and Analysis at eWEEK. Twitter: @editingwhiz. Join us Nov. 9 for our next #eWEEKchat: "Trends in New-Gen Mobility and Mobile Devices."   LATEST INNOVATION ARTICLES   Facebook CTO Explains AI's Role in Long-Term Roadmap Google Acquires Virtual Reality Technology Firm Eyefluence Intel Capital Invests $38 Million in 12 Promising Startups eWEEKChat Oct. 12: Why DevOps/Agile Development Is IT's Future IBM's Weather Company Launches Cold and Flu App Tracker                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal ‹ › Jim W. Dean is managing editor of Veterans Today wearing many hats from day to day operations, development, writing and editing articles. He has an active schedule of TV and radio interviews He is co-host of the popular VT Radio show Jim and Gordie Show. Jim comes from an old military family dating back to the American Revolution. Dozens of Confederate ancestors fought for the South in the War Between the States. Uncles fought in WWII and Korea. His father was a WWII P-40 and later P-51 Mustang fighter pilot. Vietnam found several uncles serving, a cousin, and brother Wendell as a young Ranger officer. His mother was a WWII widow at 16, her first husband killed with all 580 aboard when the SS Paul Hamilton, an ammunition ship with 7000 tons of explosives aboard, was torpedoed off the coast of Algiers. He has been writing, speaking and doing public relations, television, consulting and now multimedia work for a variety of American heritage, historical, military, veterans and Intel platforms. Jim's only film appearance was in the PBS Looking for Lincoln documentary with Prof. Henry Lewis Gates, and he has guest lectured at the Army Command and General Staff School at Fort Gordon. Currently he is working to take his extensive historical video archives on line to assist his affiliated organizations with their website multimedia efforts, such as the Military Order of World Wars, Atlanta, Sons of the American Revolution, Sons of Confederate Veterans , Assoc. for Intelligence Officers, the Navy League, Georgia Heritage Council, National Memorial Assoc.of Georgia. View Latest Posts >>> Motorola is Dead but Donbass lives on By Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 25, 2016 by Jim W. Dean, … with New Eastern Outlook, Moscow We few, we happy few, we band of brothers; For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother ~ William Shakespeare, Henry V __________ Dick Winters was unknown until the movie. There are many more unknowns, too many to count. [ Editor’s Note: I knew Motorola would be trashed in the media as follow on to the assassination plot — the CIA and Kiev wanting to paint a picture of itself just “killing terrorists to make the world safer”. But that does not include any court-martials of their own troops, or especially the neo-Nazi groups. The story of Pavlov executing 15 prisoners was on a phone interview tape, where even the Telegraph reporter referred to it as “purportedly” being a call with Motorola. Such calls are mere child’s play to invent by national Intel organizations as an ABC-level psyop. Such propaganda was done all the time during the Cold War era. The analogy with Lt. Dick Winters, (who ended up as a Major) of Band of Brothers did not come to me until I found some tributes from Motorola’s men about his bravery under fire, and his leading from the front, particularly his famous charge in the movie. There was nothing in Pavlov’s background that showed any hint of this level of leadership. Intense combat is a hot fire and anvil that forges leaders out of raw material. So I thought I would cover Motorola’s back, as he certainly earned it, and VT readers all know who the aggressors and bad guys have been in the Ukraine and Donbass war. This is our present to them… JD ] ____________ – First published  …  October 24, 2016 – Arseniy Pavlov The old saying of “three strikes and you’re out” came true for the beloved Donbass commander, Motorola, known as Arseniy Pavlov. He was one of the many Russian veterans who went to fight in East Ukraine in response to the threats from Ukraine’s Rada that they were going to slaughter the Russians there. In case anyone missed it, even the ladies got in on the mass killing hysteria, starting with Yulia Tymoshenko who wanted to nuke Donbass and then go on to nuke the Russians. Her phone call was intercepted and quickly found its way into Internet legend. There had already been two attempts on Motorola’s life this year, one on June 24th at a hospital he was scheduled to visit for an injury, when a car bomb went off with bad timing and missed him, and another attempt in August behind his apartment building. Veterans Today has seen similar cases with our own people over the years; situations we refer to as people not having mastered the art of knowing when to leave town, which is a necessary survival skill when you are in the field. Younger people tend to fall victim to this, and often the bravest. Donetsk shows solidarity with Russia Whoever killed him probably could not believe their luck in his not moving to a safer place, and focused their efforts at getting him cornered inside his building somehow, where the most vulnerable place is in the elevator. They placed a bomb on the easily accessible ceiling and detonated it remotely. Motorola and his bodyguard, whose name was not published, were killed instantly, their body armor and weapons being of no use to them. This is the kind of assassination that Special Ops people are trained to do, but we have seen no solid investigative evidence as to who did it yet. The head of the Donetsk Republic, Alexander Zakharchenko claimed he knew who the killer was, a Latvian who had infiltrated the militia, named Ozolinysh. But the photo posted of him on a Twitter report turned out to be that of an unfortunate Russian attorney named Maxim Capes, whose image was lifted from an old social media account. This has the fingerprint of a major intelligence agency creating disinformation, dead-end trails to follow. But with no official published material from Donetsk yet, that leaves us with only the media spinmeisters to look at for clues. Professional high profile killings like this, that are done by national agencies, will often have a prepared post-killing media campaign to help cover their tracks. This can be a breadcrumb trail to follow back to the organizers, if you know what to look for. I went for the low-hanging fruit in Kiev first, and found their media trying to lay suspicion onto Moscow for wanting to eliminate hard-to-control combat leaders. The obvious aim with that ploy was to sow dissension between the Donbass military and Russian veterans serving in their ranks. In a stalemated but simmering conflict like this, undermining your opponent’s morale with psychological operations would be a high priority task. And Lugansk military commanders have been getting killed as part of that leadership decapitation program, with Kiev and its foreign helpers being everyone’s primary suspects. 2014 – Korsun – Eight buses of Crimeans returning from anti-Maidan protest in Kiev were stopped, beaten, tortured and some murdered The CIA has worked to prop up the semi-idiots in Ukrainian Intel, using their long Cold War history of divide and conquer tactics like this. But “the Russians did it” is really getting overused by the lazy Ukies, and the NATO crowd, also. When the CIA is involved, you will always find their fingerprints of having major medial platforms publishing “talking point” stories to avoid having the real killers making the suspect list. My next stop was the British media, which are a formal extension of British Intelligence and really don’t work hard to hide it. I’ll start with the Guardian, compliments of the young Shaun Walker in Moscow, who picked up on the evolution of the “pro-Russian” tag, to its newer improved “Warlord” model, a silly use of the term for grassroots patriotic fighters. The use of the Warlord term was an obvious spin smear, something a “journalist” would receive in his article talking points of requested terms to be used; the one other media will use for the echo chamber effect it has on readers when they hear and see the derogatory term used repeatedly, as was done with the Euromaidan Press article, a rabidly anti-Russian NGO site with a whiff of an Intel front to it. Shaun Walker double dipped on his “lord” terminology, using it to frame Russia as the Donbass “overlords”, complete with its negative connotations. But I would bet he has never referred to Ukraine and its US, EU, or NATO “overlords”, despite their backing a violent coup which has destroyed the country. Reflecting the American political divide, do US Senators work their own agenda against Russia? The CIA thread throughout these spinmeister reports was the repetition of Moscow’s cleaning up some unruly mercenaries who had grown too independent, or might be indicted for war crimes, but without any framing of how many Ukies would be found in the dock with them. Next we have Jack Losh of the Telegraph, He not only uses the Warlord term, but another one, describing Motorola as a Russian-born “mercenary”, and worse, a former “blue collar worker”. Heaven forbid that a blue collar worker would actually take up arms to protect his people. Arseniy Pavlov And with no sourcing whatsoever, Losh gives us some reinforcement for the possible Moscow involvement in the killing. “While rebel leaders blamed Sunday’s bombing on a Ukrainian sabotage group, Pavlov’s slick murder bears all the hallmarks of an inside job, possibly with the involvement of Russian special forces.” Describing a terror bombing assassination in an apartment building as “slick” is not a term that a real journalist would use. Losh closes with a obviously biased source, the former Ukrainian head of foreign intelligence, who claims that Motorola was having disputes with other commanders, and repeating the speculation of Moscow approval of the killing. This is all the breadcrumb trail I had alluded to earlier… but it’s in spades. Russell “Tex” Bentley, who knew Motorola well and lived 500 meters from him, had the best balanced report; saying that, with the two previous attacks, if Motorola had felt the Donetsk leadership had been involved, he would have gotten out of town first. And if the Sparta brigade had thought competing leadership was involved, they would have protested in the streets, which they did not. The war is still going on in Donbass, with constant ceasefire violations that could flare into major fighting at any time. To think that the Donbass leaders or Russians would be killing off their most experienced and successful commanders is, of course, just ludicrous. Politicians are vastly more replaceable than proven military commanders. Motorola was one of those, on the level of the famous Lt. Dick Winter of WWII fame, who was discovered in the special TV series Band of Brothers, which is still all over YouTube. The rank-and-file soldiers of both these men would have followed them to hell and back. Both were described as being able to size up a tactical combat situation almost instantly, then lead from the front, and be fearless under fire. What I see going on here is the slow and steady elimination of the Donbass Republic’s most capable commanders as part of the current attrition war, with Western intelligence involved in the media spin to justify the continuation of the Russian sanctions and to take attention off the huge crimes by the Ukrainian coupmeisters and their Western backers. This is a fairly black and white, good and evil situation here. No experts are required to read the tea leaves for us, as it is a matter of simple observation. The people of Donbass, with help from their Russian friends, have defeated the realization of the US-NATO takeover of Ukraine. Jim W. Dean, managing editor for Veterans Today, producer/host of Heritage TV Atlanta, specially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”. _____________ Related Posts: “We need to talk”… Stoltenberg says NATO seeking Russia meeting Alla Pierce – ‘Motorola’ was the Donbass Dick Winters in Band of Brothers NEO – Russia’s Red Lines: How Far will NATO go? NEO – Joining NATO: Ukraine a Warning to Others Alexey Mozgovoy’s Chief Legacy: The Pechersk Battalion The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 25, 2016, With 2398 Reads Filed under World. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 4 Responses to "Motorola is Dead but Donbass lives on" ayelyahbenjamin  October 27, 2016 at 3:53 pm Arsenly Pavlov lives on….while they may rejoice they have killed the body, they are powerless against the rest, utterly and completely powerless Log in to Reply Laura Green  October 26, 2016 at 11:57 am Thank you, Mr. Dean. A very good article about heroic Russian people of East Ukraine who stand against Nazi Ukraine . Motorola was 33 y. old , and has 2 kids : a girl 1y. old , and a son 2 weeks. A real hero. Log in to Reply Garry Compton  October 26, 2016 at 2:21 am Nice Article Jim Dean – I hope the East Ukraine folks get to see that there are some decent honorable men writing the truth about their war-torn world and the Heroes that deserve a ” Final Tribute”. The Russian men and women serve their country and their People with the utmost respect and allegiance. Spacibo Bolshoy Log in to Reply yamgourchi  October 25, 2016 at 10:43 pm Thanks for an artcle and to its author.Not in vain Motorolla’s detauchment was called “storming batallion”.He and his men deserved it after being in most hottest places of such crazy war(Slavyansk,Airport of Donetsk etc).We,ordinary volunteers,from Russia and Donbass natives,admired their skill and bravity.And sitting in frontline trenches envied them having such a commander.More than half of Donbass territory is now under ukro-nazy occupation.But the remaining part could stand fast because of having such men as Motorolla.Being there in 2015 I saw ruined villages,destroyed factories,burned schools and kindergartens,churches with deadmarks of bombardings.Fresh rows of civillian gravesOSCE mission never came to see or fix it.They only slandered misinformation..I dont care about 15 “warprisoners”.I doubt about them,but if they existed,I’m sure they were WarCRIMINALS,rapers,maraudeurs and murderers ought to be executed.They were bloody agressors and invaders,against whom Motorolla fought untill his death. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal Balochistan Blasts and the Issue of Pak-Afghan Border Syrian War Report – November 15, 2016: 500 Militants Were Killed in Clashes in Western Aleppo PART III: Neoconizing the Just War Doctrine in the service of American empire Empowering Veterans – Rebuilding the American Nation Army Special Forces soldiers killed in Jordan were working for the CIA SouthFront: Turkey Seizing More Syrian Territory while Russian Fleet Readies for Attack 1.8 Million Votes Behind, Trump Goes Neocon while voters stats suggesting “hack” are suppressed Israeli ministers okay draft bill to legalize Jewish settlements on private Palestinian land Iran Ready for Joint Military Drills with China Trump Asks to Postpone Fraud Trial until after His Inauguration Most Americans Go to Polls in History But Voting at Lowest Level Since 1996? Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (78621) Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) (23412) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (15732) Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? (15221) We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? (13480) Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) (10945) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9176) 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor (9171) Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans (8498) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? (8217) Worker Bee: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Simpsons Donkey: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” James Robertson: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” George Bowling: Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab LC: Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times JS: Election Wrapup LC: Making America Great Means Ending the War on Islam and the People of Afghanistan VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 We Should Take Our Cues From the Market — Not Politicians In personal finance, there’s a gender divide How to Streamline Your Business Using Video Conferences Short Term Investments for Veterans National News View all Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Chili’s under fire after manager takes free meal from vet on Veterans Day US, British ‘Clean House’ to Delete Syria Terror Links Leftist Loons Want a Civil War EU Holds Meeting to Discuss Trump VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now MDRC Joins HireVeterans.com! Kohler Joins HireVeterans.com! Former sergeant channels years of guilt into hope for veterans How You Can Pay Veterans Back With a Job Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: John Denugent and Kevin Barrett TCK Radio: Josh Tolley “Post Election Prognosis, Putin & Preparedness” RAG RADIO: ‘The Resisitible Rise of Donald J. Trump’ with Jonathan Tilove & Glenn W. Smith Freeing our Minds to Reclaim our Nations: Radio Free Kanata TRUTH JIHAD: Gordon Duff on Trump’s election theft TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) The City of London’s ReColonization of America The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Who Towers Behind Trump? Rodrigo Duterte to New World Order agents: “I’ll humiliate you” New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Qatari princess having sex with seven men Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 NEO – Mosul Offensive Reveals Larger Geopolitical Game Plan Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Rose McGowan: I was raped by a studio head in Hollywood Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Armageddon Proportions Western Media attacks Aleppo with Guided Missile Lies Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Assad: New World Order agents (like John Kerry) have no political or intellectual teeth The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Power, Pedophilia and the US Government Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: Meet Team Taiwan ’10 Champs look for repeat 15 Nov 2011 at 17:29, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Team vid The team from Taiwan's National Tsing Hua University is on a mission: to become the first university to repeat as Student Cluster Competition champions. The team in Seattle this year is almost entirely new, but they have the same coach and have been mentored by their predecessors from the 2010 championship team. They've added a new sponsor to the mix this year. Acer returns as their system sponsor, supplying a 72-core Xeon-based cluster, and NVIDIA is jumping on the Taiwan bandwagon with their contribution of six Tesla GPU cards. Like the other teams driving GPUs, Taiwan's success is somewhat dependent on how well they have adapted the scientific codes to optimize these specialized number-crunching beasts. Or, in the case of non-GPU friendly apps, how well Taiwan can utilize their traditional cluster hardware to handle the loads. Take a look at the video to get a feel for Team Taiwan. To me, they are the definition of quiet confidence and competence. Like last year, they never seem to hurry and never show any signs of frustration. As one observer noted, they're one of the most well-prepared teams in the competition - something that should aid them in their quest to take home another SCC trophy. (There isn't a real SCC trophy, but there should be.) ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Chinese bit-squatter information thieves dupe Taiwan Govt site Payloads unknown 2 Comments Taiwan Supreme Court rules former TSMC exec leaked chip secrets to Samsung Ex-R&D boss banned from working for Korean firm 5 Comments Taiwan incumbent adds G.fast to tech mix Could launch as soon as September 2 Comments Apple orders white box servers from Taiwan for data centre refresh Report hints at bad news for branded server-makers as Cupertino cranks up bit barns 11 Comments Taiwan Mobile unveils Granny-tracker smart bracelet NFC-enabled wearable could help elderly users find their way home 6 Comments ARM to open CPU design centre in Taiwan Computex Greater China scores lab for next-generation M-series kit for wearables and IoT 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this China Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: Meet Team China Does Tianhe legacy spell SCC win? 15 Nov 2011 at 16:33, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Team Vid China’s NUDT (National University of Defense Technology) shocked the world in 2010 when it unveiled the fastest supercomputer known to man, the 1.86 Pflop Tianhe-1A. It came out of nowhere and caught the entire industry by surprise. Team China, sponsored by NUDT, is hoping to do much the same thing at this year’s SC11 Student Cluster Competition (SCC) in Seattle. The team didn’t bring as much hardware as the others, but what they brought is potent. Their cluster consists of only two nodes, each with dual Intel Xeon processors, for a total of twenty-four x86 cores. The punch comes with their NVIDIA GPU accelerators – six C2070s, to be specific – that will make short work of number-crunching workloads. The success of Team China will depend on how well they’ve been able to adapt the scientific workloads to run on their GPUs. Some of the challenge workloads, like PFA, will run like a greased weasel (i.e. fast) on GPUs while others, like POP, haven’t yet been remodeled to take advantage of them. Although the scientific applications are an open question, Team China should be able to mount an effective challenge on LINPACK. Teams this year have the ability to submit a separate LINPACK run on modified hardware. This means that they can throw all the GPUs they have at it in order to capture the LINPACK crown. This should work in Team China’s favor and give them a solid chance to take home the LINPACK blue ribbon. (There isn’t an actual blue ribbon.) Despite the obvious language barrier, it was clear that the students were happy to be at SCC and enjoying the experience. Take a look at the video to get a better feel for Team China and their chances at clustering glory. ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register Your next flight is to Glorious China, Owners Of All South China Sea Vietnamese airports hacked by propaganda-spouting ninnies China swaps cyber czars Lu Wei steps down, Xu Lin steps up Whoosh! China shows off J-20 'stealth' fighters and jet drones Slowly but surely, they're gearing up. But for what? 57 Comments China's Shenzhou-11 capsule docks with Tiangong-2 station A month in space is the plan as China's ambitions escalate 12 Comments China decrees it will grow world-class enterprise vendors by the year 2025 Huawei's rise and rise may have been just the beginning 5 Comments Look out, SpaceX et al – China's Long March-5 rocket blasts off Pic Successful launch takes payload into orbit 16 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: Meet Team Costa Rica Can Rainforest Eagles soar to cluster glory? 15 Nov 2011 at 17:15, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Team vid Team Costa Rica is another first-time entrant in the 2011 Student Cluster Competition in Seattle. Their official name is Tecnológico de Costa Rica, but to me they’re the Rainforest Eagles, and they’ve earned respect for not only representing their entire region but for the hardships they overcame to make it to the SCC. The team lost their hardware sponsor at the last minute, putting their chance to participate in the challenge in jeopardy. But the HPC Advisory Council and its chair, Gilad Shainer, stepped in to ensure that the team could not only show up but compete with the other teams on an equal footing. The Rainforest Eagles are running the latest AMD Interlagos 16-core processors on Dell servers, utilizing a Mellanox Infiniband interconnect. As you’ll see in the video, Team Costa Rica is experiencing Infiniband for the first time and is anxious to share this discovery with their computing compatriots back home. Even though the audio quality on the video could be better (my fault – new microphone) I hope that the enthusiasm of the team shows through. They’re a bit shy; this is all new to them. But they’re having a great time and are ready to test themselves against much more experienced competitors. If you like pulling for the underdog, Costa Rica is your team. Take a look at the video and prepare to be convinced that maybe, just maybe, this is the year of the underdog. ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Costa Rica launches investigation after reports hackers ‘rigged’ 2014 election Campaign wasn't full of badness like the others, claims hacker 16 Comments Alcatel-Lucent pays $10 million to Costa Rica's ICE over old bribery scandal A step closer to settlement 2 Comments Costa Rican authorities detain drug-smuggling pigeon Wings come off cunning prison dope delivery plan 24 Comments Costa Rica Cluster Finale SCC11 Rainforest Eagles compete to finish Instituto Tecnológico de Costa Rica SCC Team Profile: Rainforest Eagles attack clustering Days are numbered for the Czech Republic Na shledanou Česká republika, dobry den Czechia! 78 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Virtualisation Performance Hardware Enterprise Tech Release the brakes on your virtual servers Step up the pace 17 Nov 2011 at 11:11, Liam Proven Liam Proven Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Linux Recent Articles One container to rule them all? No. Um, a plastic box* refresher Linux is so grown up, it's ready for marriage with containers From Zero to hero: Why mini 'puter Oberon should grab Pi's crown One of the dirty little secrets of virtualisation is the performance cost: operating systems running inside a virtual machine are slower than those running natively on the same hardware, sometimes by quite some margin. This is termed virtualisation overhead, and with current whole-system virtualisation, it's a given. It always happens. The question is, how much. Back in the days of ESX Server 3, VMware itself admitted that integer performance suffered an overhead of up to six percent and more complex CPU operations up to 18 per cent. It claimed that Xen 3 was about twice as bad. These days, things are not so serious, and the performance differential between the main hypervisor vendors has mostly evened out. Stiff competition Even so, bear in mind that this was on a single host with a single virtual machine. Contention for shared resources is also a significant issue, especially when it comes to disk storage where virtual machines often share a single drive or array. Most current virtualisation on x86 is whole-system virtualisation: each virtual machine is a complete emulated PC containing a complete PC operating system. The virtual machine's "disks" are actually files in a file system managed by a different operating system. All the componentry of that nice uniform hardware platform that means you can move virtual machines from host to host – network cards, motherboard chipset, graphics adaptor and so on – is not nice fast hardware, it is software emulations running as part of the hypervisor. Hardware extensions Gradually, x86 chips are acquiring hardware extensions to assist in this emulation. The first generation of hardware virtualisation assist extensions was Intel's VT, introduced in some of the last models of Pentium 4, the 662 and 672, in 2005. AMD-V followed with the Socket AM2 Athlons in 2006. This hardware virtualisation merely allowed hypervisors to create a "Ring minus-one" – essentially, trapping Ring 0 (kernel-mode) code and running it though a software emulator. The CPU-intensive process of mapping virtual machines' memory to the host's physical memory still had to be done in software. This changed in 2007 with the arrival of AMD's second wave of hardware virtualisation, Rapid Virtualization Indexing (RVI), in the Barcelona generation of Athlons and Opterons. RVI provides the hypervisor with shadow page tables in hardware. Page tables hold the map that translates addresses in an operating system’s memory layout to physical RAM addresses. But from inside a virtual machine, these emulated physical addresses are actually blocks of the host's RAM. RVI's second level of indirection accelerates the translation of memory addresses inside virtual machines to real physical memory addresses. This makes little difference to a virtual machine’s pure CPU performance, but significantly enhances memory-intensive workloads, to the tune of 42 to 48 per cent. Intel's equivalent is called Extended Page Table and appeared with the Nehalem-family Core i3, i5 and i7 processors in late 2008. For the moment, this is all hardware can do to help. The remaining techniques are a matter of software and system configuration. In praise of paravirtualisation Emulation is expensive so another good way to boost performance is to avoid it. From the virtual machine perspective, one way to do this is to modify the guest operating system or its drivers to be aware that they are running in a hypervisor. For example, a guest operating system can be provided with special drivers that talk directly to the virtual network connecting the virtual machines to the host machine, rather than emulating a physical network card. Similar methods can be applied to storage (such as SCSI and iSCSI), graphics, input devices and even memory management. Microsoft calls this Enlightened I/O for its Hyper-V Server; support is built into Vista SP1, Windows Server 2008 and later, and drivers are available for Windows Server 2003, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10 SP3 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.2 to 5.5. VMware had a similar approach, the Virtual Machine Interface, which allowed Linux guests to communicate with the hypervisor, but this has now been outpaced by hardware virtualisation. VMware also offers the vmxnet virtual NIC, as well as enhanced vmxnet2 and vmxnet3 drivers that offer TCP Offload Engine acceleration to virtual machines on suitably equipped hosts. For Xen, there are PV drivers and for KVM, Virtio, which both offer analagous functionality. Just passing through The final, and in some ways most drastic, step is to avoid the emulation overhead by directly connecting virtual machines to physical hardware. The simplest and theoretically cleanest way of doing this is by offloading storage, for instance, to a SAN; a virtual machine accessing a SAN in principle suffers no more slowdown than a physical server would. As in the case of a physical server accessing storage over the network, though, this ideally means dedicating network interfaces to storage – which may mean adding multiple network interface cards to the host and configuring dedicated routes between virtual machines and networked storage devices. Hyper-V also supports pass-through disks, where a virtual machine can directly control a dedicated LUN of a storage device on the host machine. Windows Server 2008 R2 adds a new feature, Cluster Shared Volumes, which allows multiple hosts to share access to a single storage LUN, adding a degree of scalability to pass-through disks. VMware currently takes the prize in this department, though, with its ability to directly dedicate not only SCSI controllers, but as of ESX 4, entire physical PCI and PCIe devices to a specific virtual machine. The VMDirectPath feature allows one or two PCI cards in the host machine to be connected to the operating sysem running in a specific virtual machine rather than being managed by the hypervisor itself – from a simple USB controller to a dedicated physical NIC or storage device. A slightly more modest optimisation is to place the swapfiles of Windows virtual machines directly onto the host's vmfs storage. There is always a price to pay, though, and this one is a biggie. There is a significant drawback in attaching dedicated devices to virtual machines, whether they are just disk partitions on the host server or physical interface cards and any attached devices. Although such techniques can deliver pretty much full native performance, they hinder some of the key advantages of virtualisation: the ability to snapshot virtual machines for backup purposes, duplicate them and migrate them from one host to another. At best, virtual machines accessing external, non-virtual resources often need to be shut down before migration, and snapshots must also duplicate any external resources – thus removing the scalability and fault-tolerance of virtualisation. Differences of opinion Virtualisation is now a key part of the x86 platform and it is not going to go away again. Further hardware advances will continue to improve speed and reduce overhead but there's a long way to go before x86 servers can match the performance and scalability features of systems that have been doing virtualisation for decades, such as IBM's System z mainframes. On the other hand, paravirtualisation is also important. There are significant gains from having guest operating systems that know they are guests and can request services from the host server or its assistance in performing demanding operations. Some of the possible improvements will probably remain limited by competitive demands, such as the different virtual machine formats of all the main hypervisor vendors and their totally different driver architectures. Historically, such issues have receded either when everyone becomes compatible with Microsoft's formats or the functionality moves into hardware. That is still some way off for x86 virtualisation but it is a rapidly developing area, so watch this space. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 3 Comments More from The Register Amazon unleashes on-prem-VM-to-cloud application teleporter Erm … didn't Amazon just make a deal with VMware for something similar? Yes, it did Tintri is great. But is VM-aware storage still what customers want? Comment If not, you're a long time falling 10 Comments Rogue sysadmins the target of Microsoft's new 'Shielded VM' security VMware's also trying to stop Dennis Nedry in vSphere 6.5, but both trail the NSA and Xen 14 Comments Oracle plays virtual catch-up with new VM release Big Red makes it to virtual 2013 with storage live migration, FCoE and OVF support 3 Comments Maine town plans to become 'Gigabit Island' Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale... 9 Comments Comcast now touts unlimited gigabit service (that you can't get) Only a handful of Georgians will get to slurp from broadband motherlode 19 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 Purdue Rolls the Dice Strategy and final SCC11 thoughts 17 Nov 2011 at 16:35, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SCC11 As can be seen by their LINPACK results on Monday (only .233 TFlop), Purdue either completely melted down or had something up their collective sleeves. It turns out that they had a plan, a cunning plan. One that might give them a leg up on the other competitors on the all-important scientific applications. What was the plan? Why did they do it? Watch the video to find out. We also capture the final thoughts from the team before they turn in their results. Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register SC11: Everything you wanted to know about supercomputing We weren't afraid to ask 6 Comments Team Boston Crunch Time SCC11 Final hours... Rookie southies S Korea and S Africa prep for cluster-wrestling match HPC Blog Students get to grips with HPC apps Titan = supersized science SC11 The computer ( not the Saturn moon) Computer sports cluster war: Day of reckoning SC11 Texas and Taiwan top punter picks Team Texas On the Brink SC11 Longhorns hope for first SCC win Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 Team Texas On the Brink Longhorns hope for first SCC win 17 Nov 2011 at 19:20, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SC11 The Texas team captured a lot of attention at the Student Cluster Competition this year. Their mineral oil deep-fried cluster was certainly a hit with the crowd, but did it pay dividends when it came to computing? They put in the best non-GPU fueled LINPACK and, assumedly, should perform well on the scientific apps, but will it perform well enough to beat the other teams? We spent a few minutes with them and kicked it around a bit. Oh, and there will be some more videos of their mineral oil experience coming up - so check back often...... Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register SC11: Everything you wanted to know about supercomputing We weren't afraid to ask 6 Comments Team Boston Crunch Time SCC11 Final hours... Rookie southies S Korea and S Africa prep for cluster-wrestling match HPC Blog Students get to grips with HPC apps Titan = supersized science SC11 The computer ( not the Saturn moon) Computer sports cluster war: Day of reckoning SC11 Texas and Taiwan top punter picks Gordon the supercomputer is intense about data SC11 300TB of flash = Big Data, fast 2 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: The Marathon Begins 46 hour grind starts grinding 17 Nov 2011 at 19:22, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate This short video captures the start of the application portion of the 2011 Student Cluster Competition. The students had spent all day Monday driving their systems to produce the best LINPACK and HPCC result possible. Now, Monday evening at 7:30 pm on the dot, they finally get access to the data sets that they'll use in the four scientific applications that make up the rest of the challenge. From now until Wednesday evening, they'll be running these applications around the clock in an effort to produce more valid scientific results than their competitors. If you've never seen the beginning of the application stage of a Student Cluster Competition, you owe it to yourself to take a look at the video. Some have compared it to the beginning of the Indy 500, others to the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona. I don't know any of those people, but I'm sure they exist... Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 3 Comments More from The Register Undergrads build 12.6-TFLOPS cluster out of four nodes, 112 cores HPC Blog New student LINPACK record step 5 Comments Tegile gets IntelliFlash into a cluster duster Cloud Platform for private cloud Student cluster warriors build out 'roomy sedan' clusters HPC Blog Tianhe-2: Where's the manual - we wish we could RTFM Old fashioned engineering: HPC cluster kids would like to thank their fans. No really HPC Blog Gutsy overclockers set new record 2 Comments Home team wins Asia student cluster competition HPC Blog HUST busts out Nice cluster, kid. But can these supercomputing students actually predict the weather? HPC blog It's hard enough for the Met Office... 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC Final: Taiwan crowned champs Ultra-close results, rise of GPUs 19 Nov 2011 at 01:32, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SC11 The final results of the 2011 Student Cluster Competition (SCC11) in Seattle are in the books and can be revealed. Well, they should have been revealed last night, but a series of meetings, bad hotel Wi-Fi, and perhaps alcohol played a role in the delay. In upcoming articles, you’ll see more videos and analysis of the results, but for now, let me sketch out the big picture. In the closest finish, Team Taiwan from National Tsing Hua University took the overall student clustering crown for the second year in a row. They did it on a hybrid Acer system consisting of 72 Xeon CPU nodes and six NVIDIA Tesla C2070 GPU accelerators. On the memory side they had 48 GB/node, a bit low compared with other teams. Barely behind Team Taiwan was NUDT’s Team China. The SC committee hasn’t (ever) released actual figures, but I was skulking around while they were being compiled and can say that the Taiwan-China scores were so close that hours of checking, re-checking, and then checking once again were required to make sure the results were correct. Team China also rana hybrid CPU-GPU system. But the Chinese system, while sporting the same six NVIDIA C2070 Tesla accelerators as Team Taiwan, had only 24 Xeon cores. China had more memory per node at 96 GB each, but less overall memory at 192 GB total vs. 288 for Taiwan. What’s obvious is that both of these teams did a great job of adapting the scientific workloads for use with GPUs. Some of the apps, like PFA, were already GPU compliant, but POP and some of the others were much less so and required some work to make them run efficiently. Both teams also did a great job of sandbagging me – always saying that they weren’t sure if their apps would take advantage of the GPUs, and that they weren’t expecting much. Team Texas was a close third and had the highest score of any non-GPU competitor. Their mineral oil gambit seems to have paid off, giving them enough computing power (11 nodes, 132 Xeon cores and 48 GB per node) to both fit within the 26 amp limit and put up a good fight with the winners. Team Boston, a new competitor, took fourth place with a massive hybrid AMD (336 cores)-NVIDIA (4xTesla M2090) system. This is a very good finish for a new team and also the highest placement of an AMD Interlagos-based box in the competition. Just barely behind Boston was Team Russia with yet another hybrid system. Team Russia was sporting 84 Xeon cores and a whopping twelve NVIDIA M2070 cards while running a Microsoft operating system. While they didn’t take the overall crown, Team Russia nailed a win on LINPACK with their 1.9 TFlops result. Close behind was Team Colorado, running a traditional CPU-based system with 256 Xeon cores and more memory (128GB per node) than any other team. Purdue’s gambit of sandbagging the Monday HPCC/LINPACK portion of the competition to apply maximum hardware to the scientific applications didn’t pay off as hoped. We have a video posted that discusses the what’s and why’s behind Purdue’s strategy. Rounding out the competition was Team Costa Rica, who completed every challenge but didn’t excel in enough of them to put them above the leaders. They were thrown a last-minute curve ball when they had to change hardware vendors on setup day. The HPC Advisory Council – in the person of Gilad Shainer – stepped in to make sure that Costa Rica had everything they needed to compete. And compete they did, making a great impression on judges and spectators alike with their attitude, technical prowess, and desire to excel. I’ll write a bit more analysis of the competition and what we’ve learned from it when I get back home – or maybe after the aspirin kicks in. But briefly, the huge impact of GPUs can’t be denied. Hybrids took the top two spots and four out of the top five places. The student teams were able to either find GPU-enabled codes for the scientific workloads or convert existing code to take advantage of them. That’s what made the difference this year. More later… meds now. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Russians Bear Down at SCC11 SCC11 Will LINPACK win fuel overall triumph? SCC11: Home Stretch SCC11 Team China preps for finish SCC11: LINPACK results released Shocker in Seattle, Longshot comes through SCC11: The Marathon Begins 46 hour grind starts grinding 3 Comments SCC11: final results banquet, winners feted Smelly cheese consumed SCC11: Meet Team Russia Second time the charm for Russian Bear? Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Hp Data Center HPC Free cluster for a good cause SCC11 system up for grabs 28 Nov 2011 at 14:00, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Silicon Mechanics, a mid-sized manufacturer of rackmount servers, clusters, and storage arrays, is celebrating its 10th birthday by giving away a lot of stuff. First, the company did a great job sponsoring Boston University in this month's SC11 Student Cluster Competition in Seattle (SCC11). Fueled by Silicon Mechanics gear, the team snared fourth place overall – quite an achievement given the caliber and experience of the competitors. Team Boston, aided by Art Mann of Silicon Mechanics, had one of the largest and most powerful configurations - a hybrid system with 11 dual-socket nodes containing 336 AMD Interlagos cores, 352 GB of main memory, and four of the latest NVIDIA Tesla C2090 GPU accelerators. But Silicon Mechanics isn’t done yet: the firm invites researchers to apply for a grant to receive the former ‘Team Boston’ cluster. The grant is open to any U.S. or Canadian post-secondary educational institution (or research affiliates); non-profit research labs; or researchers at government labs. Qualified applicants can submit their proposals from now through February 15, 2012. The winning proposal will be announced March 15, 2012. Rules and the application form are available at http://www.siliconmechanics.com/index.php. In this video, Art Mann discusses how Silicon Mechanics got involved with the Student Cluster Competition, why the company decided to sponsor a team, and about the grant program. ® Watch Video Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO VMware do we go from here? Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this 3d Data Center HPC Supercomputer helps boffins crack 3D material sims... Tokyo Tech nabs Gordon Bell Prize and $10k for metal materials work 2 Dec 2011 at 11:00, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SC11 So who cares about dendrites and dendrite solidification? If you’re an auto manufacturer facing a mandate to radically increase the fuel economy of your cars, you care a lot. Or if you’re working on new jet engines and need to cut some pounds while increasing durability. Actually, if you rely on any alloy that has to have those ‘just right’ properties, then dendrite solidification is crucially important to you. When you look at a metal or alloy under a very strong microscope, you’ll eventually see that they’re all made up of tiny crystalline grains – which are, in turn, composed of tiny interlocked snowflake-like structures that scientists have dubbed ‘dendrites’. This structure comes about when the substance changes form from a liquid (like the liquid metal in a Terminator T-1000) to a solid. The dendrites dictate the properties of the material – its hardness and flexibility, for example. Being able to examine the distribution of many multiple dendrites is important because it’s this distribution that shows if the new alloy is fit for the purpose for which it is being designed. While seeing dendrites is important, having the ability to simulate dendrites and dendrite distribution and then predict the effects of changing the alloy recipe is a very big deal... and that’s where petascale supercomputing comes in. Dendrites simulated in 2D (click to enlarge) The scientists at Tokyo Institute of Technology have been doing quite a bit of work in this area using their TSUBAME 2.0 supercomputer. This machine – a 2.4 petaflop collaboration between HP and NEC composed of 73,000 CPU cores and 57,000 NVIDIA Fermi GPU cores – is currently #6 on the Top500 list. Before TSUBAME, scientists were limited to simulating dendrites in 2D (left), which was helpful, but of limited benefit. With TSUBAME, they can throw 16,000 CPU cores and 4,000 GPU cores at the problem and get a 3D simulation of a bunch of dendrites (below right) and then a close-up view of a single dendrite (below left). 3D simulation of a bunch of dendrites (click to enlarge) Close-up view of a single dendrite (click to enlarge) With this capability they’ll be able to simulate more alloys to a much finer degree and, assumedly, fine-tune them. For proving that they can use 2.0 petaflops on a practical scientific application, the Tokyo Institute of Technology researchers were awarded the Gordon Bell Prize for Special Achievement in Scalability and Time-to Solution for their paper titled Peta-scale Phase-Field Simulation for Dendritic Solidification on the TSUBAME 2.0 Supercomputer. Gordon Bell is also known as the Nobel Prize of supercomputing. The paper is fairly deep on the math and science. Here’s a small sample ... (Click to enlarge) For more details on the project and the paper, click here. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 9 Comments More from The Register Three quarters of Oz science grads can't get science work STEM-boosterism creating chemist-slash-baristas, and IT is still boring 9 Comments Nvidia's financials have great numbers. Yuge numbers. The best numbers, believe me Make America INT8 again 4 Comments UK minister promises science budget won't be messed with after Brexit Ambitious pledges ahead of Article 50 negotiations 67 Comments Bought a GTX 970? Congrats, Nvidia owes you thirty bucks GPU maker opens wallet to make class-action suit go away 22 Comments Xeon Phight! Phight! Phight! Nvidia says Intel cheated benchmarks Xeon Phi vs. GPU comparison needs a level playing field 4 Comments PCs? Eh, who needs 'em? Nvidia asks while hoovering up more cash Graphics chip biz talks up investments in VR and AI after record quarter 3 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO VMware do we go from here? Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 Adventures in mineral oil cooling Longhorns oiled and battered 23 Nov 2011 at 14:00, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Let’s say that you and your pals need to build a high performance cluster to run a number of HPC apps. It has to be fast. Damned fast. Fast enough to beat the very best student-built systems from seven other universities. Your only limit is power: you’ll get 26 amps, no more. Your adversaries are going to pull out all the stops, bringing loads of CPUs, GPUs, SSDs and fast memory. What do you bring? If you’re a student at the University of Texas Austin, you’ll think outside the box – literally – and come up with a solution that allows you to pack more cores into the 26 amp power envelope. For the Student Cluster Competition at SC11 in Seattle, the Longhorns surprised everyone with a cluster that uses mineral oil immersion as its sole cooling mechanism. Green Revolution provided one of their cooling units to the Texas team and helped them install it at the show. Using immersion cooling allowed Team Texas to remove all of the fans on their nodes, resulting in a large enough power gain to fire up a couple of extra CPUs. They’re not exactly sure how much extra oomph it gave them (they hadn’t had a chance to do an air vs. liquid benchmark), but they estimate it’s between 5-15%. So what’s this system like? How does it go together? What’s it like to deal with? The video gives us a good look at the Texas Deep Fried Cluster system. We get to watch them remove and replace nodes as they re-cable the system as a precaution before the beginning of the competition. It’s a pretty interesting process (pretty messy, too) and it requires a surprising amount of arm strength. Why? You’ll see in the video… Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 4 Comments More from The Register Russians Bear Down at SCC11 SCC11 Will LINPACK win fuel overall triumph? SCC11: Home Stretch SCC11 Team China preps for finish SCC11: LINPACK results released Shocker in Seattle, Longshot comes through SCC11: The Marathon Begins 46 hour grind starts grinding 3 Comments SCC11: final results banquet, winners feted Smelly cheese consumed SCC11: Meet Team Russia Second time the charm for Russian Bear? Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: final results banquet, winners feted Smelly cheese consumed 22 Nov 2011 at 14:53, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate The official results of the Student Cluster Competition were revealed at the lavish SC11 Awards Gala, a luncheon held at the Seattle Sheraton. I was a little put out that I wasn’t invited for the lunch, but felt better after I got a good whiff of it. Besides, I was busy working to find exactly the right position from which to shoot video of the SCC winners hearing the news of their triumph. I needed to find a spot that would give me a both a good angle on the stage and the students sitting in the audience, plus good audio quality. I needed to do these things… but mostly didn’t. Still, it worked out fine. The reaction from the winning team and the congratulations they received from the other teams was priceless. Take a look – you’ll see what I mean. Keep in mind that this IS the big prize. There aren’t any scholarships, trophies, or any other material rewards. The real reward, according to the students, is what they’ve learned, the friendships they’ve made, and the experience of challenging themselves to excel. Everyone who participated won, and they were all pretty stoked about it. I’d still like to see a real crown or trophy, but maybe next year. ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Undergrads build 12.6-TFLOPS cluster out of four nodes, 112 cores HPC Blog New student LINPACK record step 5 Comments Tegile gets IntelliFlash into a cluster duster Cloud Platform for private cloud Student cluster warriors build out 'roomy sedan' clusters HPC Blog Tianhe-2: Where's the manual - we wish we could RTFM Old fashioned engineering: HPC cluster kids would like to thank their fans. No really HPC Blog Gutsy overclockers set new record 2 Comments Home team wins Asia student cluster competition HPC Blog HUST busts out Nice cluster, kid. But can these supercomputing students actually predict the weather? HPC blog It's hard enough for the Met Office... 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware Enterprise Tech Forecasting logon storms with desktop virtualisation Planning for bad weather 14 Dec 2011 at 17:12, Lucy Sherriff Lucy Sherriff Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Nasa Recent Articles Six things you should know before you roll out Office 365 Windows Server 2012 kicks ass: discuss Commentards Ahoy! How about a Petabyte of storage? You the Expert For an IT manager, desktop virtualization is no bad thing, if only because it limits how badly a user can mess up his or her own settings. So if you are thinking that you could slim down your desktop hardware requirements and maybe keep track of everyone’s software upgrades more simply are there any downsides consequences it would pay to be aware of? There is no getting away from it: this will have an impact on your network and your storage requirements. But how, and what can you do to plan for it? Don’t ask us, we’re only journalists. That’s why we asked for your input. The author of the most interesting comment (either as voted for by you, or as determined unilaterally by us) would join our panel of genuine, still-in-original-packaging experts: Jim R Henrys, Intel Enterprise Solution Sales and Andrew Buss, service director at our friendly neighbourhood analyst house Freeform Dynamics. As ever, there was a lively debate. And that’s not a euphemism, honest. But we especially liked what Neil Spellings had to say, so we asked him to elaborate. Neil Spellings, Virtualisation Consultant Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) is often the straw that breaks the camels back when it comes to storage infrastructure. Desktop workloads are vastly different to server workloads and many companies who have utilised existing storage for VDI find it can now no longer cope. What are some of the causes? 1. Boot and logon storms. Most people will log into the virtual desktop in the morning and log out again at the end of the day. 2. AntiVirus. Most AntiVirus products are very storage-unfriendly having been written in the days when desktops had virtually unlimited write I/O to a local fast hard disc. 3. Read/Write ratio. Most storage and RAID configurations are fast for reads, and slow for writes. VDI presents a challenge for storage because at logon and boot time the disc I/O is predominantly read, whereas during “steady state” (i.e. the rest of the day) the I/O is predominantly writes. 4. Latency. Latency of storage I/O, especially when varying, has a much bigger user perception impact in a VDI environment. If your storage is fast one day, and slow the next, you’ll get complaints from users. 5. VDI isn’t P2V of the desktop. Many organisations just take their existing Windows 7 image, strip out the hardware-specific drivers, install the hypervisor tools and deployas their template VDI VM. Job done, right? Wrong. There are many configuration and software pitfalls that will cause unnecessary I/O, distorting your benchmarking and thus storage I/O requirements. OK so we know that VDI I/O requirements are going to be different, but are the only options upgrading your existing SAN or buying a new one? Of course, if you only speak to your storage vendor the answer will always be yes. But you do have alternatives. It’s becoming increasingly common to utilise inexpensive local storage and leave your expensive SAN/NAS untouched. Network-wise, the increased demand for storage bandwidth (if you aren't using local storage) may force you to upgrade existing Gigabit Ethernet cabling and switches to 10Gig Ethernet. And we know that isn’t going to be cheap. VDI is also 100 per cent network dependant, so having reliable WAN and Internet links is paramount. Latency can be an issue, but modern remoting protocols (HDX and RDP) are designed for this. Variable latency is a much bigger problem, as users will adapt to a consistent latency (even if its slower than before) but they will complain if it’s fast one minute and slow the next. There's no "offline working" scenario with hosted desktops, so multiple-resilient links are a must if you have business critical offices connecting to centralised VDI infrastructure. And they don't come cheap, either. Also, if you're delivering a "rich user experience" including videos on your VDI infrastructure over the WAN, then you might want to consider WAN acceleration and caching devices. How much you need to invest/upgrade will depend on the size of the organisation and the product sets you choose. It's a minefield, and can easily blow up in your face so be careful out there. Jim R Henrys, Intel Enterprise Solution Sales There are numerous forms of desktop virtualization but the two that obviously have the biggest impact on networking and/or storage are virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) and application virtualization (App Streaming) as both models require centralized infrastructure that’s typically housed in a data center. Another way to consider asking the question is “From a capacity planning and sizing perspective what do I need to account for?” There are many variables to consider when working out the potential impact meaning that, unfortunately, there isn’t a straight forward answer. So where to begin? Well my advice is that you must first determine what is required in terms of an acceptable user experience and use this reference point to determine what is expected from the underlying infrastructure. Ultimately, IT exists to serve the needs of the business and the success of any virtualization initiative will be determined by how well the users rate the service they receive. So let’s begin by considering the network. Different usage models impact the network in varying degrees. For example, in the case of VDI, usages requiring graphical and multi-media capabilities will have greatest impact. Hence, a user requiring a full Windows 7 desktop aero experience with multimedia (including VOIP and video) is going to require much greater network bandwidth to achieve an acceptable experience than a much less sophisticated user running, say, a simple forms based application. In this instance mitigating strategies need to be considered – for example the use of Multi Media Redirect (MMR) capabilities in VDI which take advantage of client side compute capabilities to process media locally and reduce the burden on the network. Alternatively, in scenarios requiring media processing Application Virtualization, which again makes use of client side processing, can also be employed. Secondly, from a networking perspective, you need to develop an understanding of when peak loads, versus average loads, will occur on the network. For example, many users may begin their working day at the same time thus giving rise to Boot Storms and Logon Storms. Understanding and taking into account the different usage profiles is essential for your network architect to determine what is required in terms of network strategies such as cache sizes, cache locations and bandwidth in order to meet the throughput, performance and scalability levels needed. From a centralized storage perspective the need is to avoid I/O bottle necks to ensure the user experience is not compromised. The key here is to understand the IOPS characteristics (I/O Per Second) of the working environment. And further, the ratio of disk reads to disk writes of the IOPS during the working day. This ratio will change during boot up, logon, normal work rate and log off times. For example, in a VDI environment, booting and login of a Windows desktop will be high on disk reads, whereas a general working session can be high on disk writes, depending on the applications running. Again, understanding the profiles of heavy, medium and light users can help the storage architect determine the right approach to take with regards to factors such caching strategy and RAID level. In summary, in determining the impact of client virtualization on your network and storage infrastructure I’d advise you begin by profiling and determining what constitutes an acceptable user experience. Use this information to determine the right virtualization model for users. Take the time to read and understand the vendors sizing guides. And, above all, be sure to conduct a proof of concept / pilot that’s representative of the real world operating environment to ensure you avoid any unwelcome surprises. Andrew Buss, Service Director, Freeform Dynamics Desktop virtualisation is all about centralising the various aspects of client computing such as processing, data transfers and storage. Taking a previously highly distributed architecture and condensing it has the potential for a massive impact on both the network and storage infrastructure. Before any discussion can take place on the impact of desktop virtualisation on networking and storage, it is vital to recognise that there is no “one true virtual desktop” solution. Instead, there are several distinct types, such as shared server, dedicated blades or streamed desktops or applications. Each of these caters for a different need, and has a distinct effect on networking and storage. Trying to optimise for all of these can be as big a challenge as getting to grips with managing the “normal” desktop estate. First up is the impact on networks, which tend to be in place for many years and have reached a level of performance and reliability that mean they are largely invisible (even if the kneejerk response to many IT issues is to first blame the network). Networks have also developed into distinct architectures, with datacentre and campus environments catering for particular host types, applications and data flows. Moving to a virtual desktop solution can have a major impact on the network. A classic case with VDI is that data flows that used to be between client PC in the campus network and server in the datacentre are now concentrated within the datacentre. This can require a refresh of datacentre networking and may render prior investment in the campus network obsolete. Another issue is that desktop environments have become richer with uptake of content such as high definition sound and video. Far from cutting network traffic by moving to desktop virtualisation, this could begin to load up the network traffic again. And to throw more spanners in the works, with media content things like latency become important. Catering for this by implementing mechanisms like Quality of Service will up the cost and complexity of the network. It’s often difficult to tell how things will evolve at the start of the project. Best practice in this area is still developing. There are a few predictive tools that can help with modelling to give a general steer, but often it is going to be about a phased rollout with monitoring and management to ensure things are going to plan. In many cases, scoping for a “worst case” scenario would be advisable given the difficulties and expense of upgrading the network should it become necessary. This makes highlighting the importance of the network and securing funding vital for long-term success. Next up is storage, which is often a major unforeseen hidden cost behind desktop virtualisation. This is critical, because many desktop managers are not all that familiar with backend storage platforms. In many desktop virtualisation solutions, there is a doubling up on storage. Disks remain in the client machines, but storage is also required for the backend infrastructure. Server storage is usually a lot more expensive than for the client, so unless kept under control this can quickly cause the cost of desktop virtualisation projects to spiral. One of the traps to avoid falling into is assuming that it’s going to be possible to use an existing storage platform to handle the desktop virtualisation load and therefore avoid the investment and risk of acquiring a new storage platform purely for desktop virtualisation. Much of the feedback we’ve had from people who’ve tried this has been that it ends up being a major problem. It may be possible to use shared storage, but will require significant testing to confirm it. In most cases, there will be a need to budget for implementing a dedicated virtual desktop storage platform. The hit caused by having to invest in server grade storage can be steep, and therefore it pays to have a plan of action to keep this to a minimum. It doesn’t make sense to centralise client computing, and then have separate data stores for each PC. Therefore good control of the build and image process is needed. Rather than storing thousands of individual images that eat up space, a few master images can be used, with differences applied dynamically to make up each specific client image. Also, de-duplication technology and compression can reduce the space consumed still further. Above all though, investment in management tools and processes are critical. With desktop virtualisation, the workspace that users need to be productive becomes a service. Few users will accept a desktop virtualisation solution that is slow and unreliable, and this means that it needs to be proactively monitored to maintain service assurance. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 7 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Africa Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Gunmen and gadgets: armed groups still control metal miners in Congo who supply minerals for smartphones and tablets  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›Africa Gunmen and gadgets: armed groups still control metal miners in Congo who supply minerals for smartphones and tablets PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 26 October, 2016, 1:17am UPDATED : Wednesday, 26 October, 2016, 1:17am Comments:   Associated Press Share PrintEmail Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewellery and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorised militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labour. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian charity. Its research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. The new detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a US-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, home-grown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorising local residents through pillaging, forced labour and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. Human rights groups also persuaded the US Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighbouring countries. Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the charity Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want US companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 per cent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tonnes of gold each year, worth about US$437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 per cent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups – only a slight decline from 67 per cent in 2010. More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorised taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighbouring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice-president of Signet Jewellers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 per cent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 per cent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. UN advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Barred Hong Kong localists vow to keep fighting after High Court decision 2 Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 3 Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 4 Tycoon Joseph Lau reveals details of breakup with ex-girlfriend in full-page newspaper announcement 5 Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup Shared 1 Barred Hong Kong localists vow to keep fighting after High Court decision 2 Tycoon Joseph Lau reveals details of breakup with ex-girlfriend in full-page newspaper announcement 3 Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup 4 Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 5 Hong Kong’s disqualified localist pair vow to appeal and seek injunction to stop their Legco seats being declared vacant Commented 1 Disqualified Hong Kong lawmakers will have to return huge cash advances and salaries 2 Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 3 Hong Kong’s disqualified localist pair vow to appeal and seek injunction to stop their Legco seats being declared vacant 4 Barred Hong Kong localists vow to keep fighting after High Court decision 5 We Americans are not stupid – Trump’s win is a success of democracy, not a failure Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like Politics After Trump and Brexit, is Asia next on the anti-establishment hitlist? 14 Nov 2016 - 9:03am 1 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office China Death of China’s first female J-10 fighter pilot Yu Xu sparks call for more training 14 Nov 2016 - 12:15am 21 Far from the madding crowd: growth in visitors to Vietnam’s remote regions benefits local hotel business Presented by Go Asia-Vietnam Politics One year on in Myanmar, is Suu Kyi’s halo slipping? 12 Nov 2016 - 12:00pm 3 China Pacific Rim nations urged to revise TPP without US before Trump cuts trade ties 12 Nov 2016 - 12:29am 15 Society Why China’s rise means Hong Kong stars like Jackie Chan will be the last of their kind 13 Nov 2016 - 7:23pm 14 Hong Kong Despite fears, new air traffic control system to be launched at Hong Kong airport on Monday 11 Nov 2016 - 11:26pm 3 Hong Kong Did CY Leung mess up his own oath? Legal challenge over Hong Kong leader’s 2012 swearing in 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm 79 Hong Kong Beijing should not be totally hands-off on Hong Kong, former leader Tung Chee-hwa says 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm 25 China Many Chinese cities are slowly sinking – and intensive urbanisation means it will only get worse, say experts 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm Insight & Opinion With Trump as US president, let’s sit back and enjoy the show 11 Nov 2016 - 12:08pm 19 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store AP October 25, 2016, 11:39 AM Gunmen still control minerals for smartphones, other gadgets In this 2012 file photo, a miner sifts through rocks to separate out cassiterite, the main ore that’s processed into tin, in the eastern Congo. A new report released Monday, Oct. 24, 2016, shows violent, armed groups still exert control over pick-and-shovel miners in the Democratic Republic of Congo. AP Photo/Marc Hofer Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email SAN FRANCISCO — Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Play Video 60 Minutes Overtime "Joy in the Congo" on tour Since their 2012 introduction on 60 Minutes, Congo's Kimbanguist Symphony Orchestra has gained some notoriety, from L.A. to the U.K. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labor. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian nonprofit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings Tuesday. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” Reign of violence IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e. independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labor and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. More disclosure Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighboring countries. Play Video 60 Minutes Overtime Producer finds musical "sweet spot" in the Congo Go to the heart of the Congo with a 60 Minutes producer as she finds the only all-black amateur symphony orchestra in the world Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the nonprofit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. Silicon Valley ripples Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 percent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 percent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups - only a slight decline from 67 percent in 2010. Congolese army “taxes” More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. 15 Photos Congo's Conflict Gold Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighboring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” Some improvements Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 percent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 percent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. © 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular Most Popular 01 Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press 1444486 views 02 Hiker crosses paths with Hillary Clinton on Chappaqua trail 1077057 views 03 President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport 839185 views 04 60 Minutes interview: President-elect Donald Trump 620655 views 05 Will Donald Trump refuse to take a salary as president? 556291 views Play Video "Pushy Moms" Play Video Delta's bag tracking system Play Video Trump family security clearance Play Video Wildfires burn across South Play Video "Give Please a Chance" Previous Next 107 Photos Trump protests 48 Photos Warren Beatty 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 7 Photos Newspaper front pages tell story of shocking Trump win 33 Photos A crash course on Melania Trump Previous Next Most Discussed President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport In a stunner, Donald Trump wins the presidency Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press Thousands protest Trump victory across nation New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
null
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SECURITY Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 day ago Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 1 day ago OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Smartphones 1 day ago The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 1 day ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 1 day ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 1 day ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 1 day ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 1 day ago Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 1 day ago Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 1 day ago Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 day ago Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 1 day ago OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Smartphones 1 day ago The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 1 day ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 1 day ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 1 day ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 1 day ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 1 day ago Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 1 day ago Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 1 day ago Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago Security Meet the hottest security startups making the web a safer place to be CheckRecipient, an email scanning insider threat platform, won the pitching contest at this year's WIRED Security By Matt Burgess 25 Oct 2016 By Matt Burgess Tuesday 25 October 2016 Startup stage winner CheckRecipient's Abhirukt Sapru presenting on the WIRED Security mainstage Tiffany Lin ADVERTISEMENT In a lofty room on the 39th floor of the iconic Canary Wharf, 14 security startups joined a pitching contest to convince three expert judges they should win the contest and get to close the inaugural WIRED Security conference. Judging their performance on innovation, disruptiveness and how relevant the problems they were trying to solve were Ruth Anderson, director at KPMG, Gary Stewart, director of Wayra UK and Telefónica Open Future_ UK and Abdul Guefor, from Intel Capital. Read more Amber Rudd orders extradition of Lauri Love to US on hacking charges Amber Rudd orders extradition of Lauri Love to US on hacking charges By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Firms trying to win the judges' attention involved everything from those working with the blockchain to confirm identity to those developing algorithms to help prevent thefts in shops. Startups also ranged from those who have completed series A investments to those within a few months of forming. At the end of an intense day of pitching, following debate by the judges, CheckRecipient was crowned the winner of the stage and went on to present to the main WIRED Security audience. CheckRecipient ADVERTISEMENT Read more 339 million Adult Friend Finder accounts exposed in data breach 339 million Adult Friend Finder accounts exposed in data breach By Matt Burgess Sensitive emails being mismanaged or sent to the wrong person can be costly – ask this London HIV clinic. In May, 56 Dean Street was fined £180,000 by the Information Commissioner's Office after it accidentally sent private patient details, including information that could identify individuals, to the clinic's other patients. CheckRecipient wants to minimise insider threats and stop hapless employees sending private company information to the world. Tim Sadler, the firm's CEO, describes employee mistakes as being a "huge problem". As a result, the firm, which won the startup stage, has developed a machine learning platform to stop users hitting "send" too soon (or at all). It focuses on four areas: misaddressed emails, intellectual property theft, auditing, and the creation of custom rules. ADVERTISEMENT Read more WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication By Victoria Woollaston With no sales manager or marketing team, Sadler and his head of business development, Abhirukt Sapru, have installed their product at some of the UK's largest law firms and say its first FTSE100 install is on the way. The CheckRecipient platform works by scanning all of an employee's emails and creating a social graph of who they frequently communicate with. Each time an email is written, the software checks the recipient. Sadler says emails are checked in "sub 100 milliseconds" and the machine learning used to scan emails is "understandable to the end user". When an email is going to be sent to a person the sender doesn't usually communicate with, a warning will be flashed-up on screen, which is intended to stop the message from being sent or at the very least highlight a potential problem. Intruder Read more More than 1,000 UK schools found to be monitoring children with surveillance software More than 1,000 UK schools found to be monitoring children with surveillance software By Matt Burgess Chris Wallis' concept is simple but effective. His company, Intruder, scans computer networks and providers alerts to customers when it spots "weaknesses" hackers could exploit. The CEO says his cloud-based system is always on, runs daily checks for new problems, and can send emails or texts to users if one is detected. Wallis added that the company runs penetration tests and provides notifications to its customers in an easy to understand way. The beauty behind the system is that the system, as it is notification-based, can be used by those without dedicated security teams. Yoti Bouncers trying to check the ID of those going into nightclubs have a tough job, Ben Southworth from Yoti explained during his pitch. The firm – which stands for Your Digital Identity – is trying to solve this by building a "trusted identity system". As such, his team has created a form of ID verification that is "provably linked to a piece of government data". Read more Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information By WIRED Insider Using the Yoti app, it's possible to scan, with an Android device, an RFID passport and connect it to facial recognition data. The app let's its early adopters use their face instead of passwords and lets them confirm who they are talking to. Away from spotting underage drinkers, Southworth says it can be used to verify payments over £15,000. iProov iProov is trying to use biometric markers (namely your face) to prove who you are. But there are three challenges, according to founder Andrew Bud, that need to be overcome for facial recognition to be a success: verification, forgery, and replay. "The challenge is the face is a public credential," he told the startup stage audience – meaning it's easy to take freely available information and recreate models of the face. Read more Tesco Bank refunds £2.5 million to 9,000 customers after attack Tesco Bank refunds £2.5 million to 9,000 customers after attack By Matt Burgess Using patented Flashmark technology, the firm has created a quick and easy-to-use app that verifies a person's face. Bud claims nobody has been able to crack the technology and the app creates a "chain of trust" for customers and organisations using it. It is already being used in finance, healthcare, and government scenarios. Vchain Technology Tiffany Lin "What this creates is a little bit more accountability in the world," said Irra Ariella Khi, the CEO and co-founder of Vchain Technology – one of the youngest startups pitching in the contest. In a confident pitch, the entrepreneur explained how her firm is creating an 'unhackable,' 'insightful,' and 'accountable' identity validation system using blockchain technology. Read more NHS trust up and running again after virus hits IT systems NHS trust up and running again after virus hits IT systems By James Temperton With advisors from Bank of England, Ethereum, Oxford University, and the former US cyber crimes prosecutor, the firm ties a valid form of identification – a passport, for example – to the blockchain to ensure details are on the record ("blockchain use tells us who you are"). This, Khi said, can be used by airports and airlines to ensure a person is who they say they are and when they aren't, allow a "warning to be passed on to someone who needs it". Panaseer As one of the biggest startups in the pitching contest, Panaseer did not fail to impress. CEO Nik Whitfield outlined the firm's big data platform that lets companies analyse their security status with a quick overview. Read more The government pledges to 'damage, disrupt and destroy' cyberattackers who target the UK The government pledges to 'damage, disrupt and destroy' cyberattackers who target the UK By Matt Burgess The firm's platform lets companies "gain continuous, joined-up visibility of business risk" from cyber vulnerabilities. Whitfield explained that his firm has created a platform that isn't a "big heavyweight, siloed application". Codebashing Codebashing is making cyber security a game for developers. Using a game-like platform, the firm is teaching those developing websites and applications the best practices for their code. The idea: to write more secure software. With just three people in the team, CEO John Yeo said the firm has taken more than £750,000 worth of sales after starting trading in January 2016 – with under 20 customers. One early success included the on-demand food service Just Eat. Read more Snooper's Charter is nearly law: how the Investigatory Powers Bill will affect you Snooper's Charter is nearly law: how the Investigatory Powers Bill will affect you By Matt Burgess The Codebashing platform gives developers live code walkthroughs; presents vulnerabilities that need to be fixed and provides them through an e-learning platform. Yeo says it will have one of its biggest customers being introduced in the coming months. Cyberlytic "Building walls higher and thicker doesn't stop web-based attacks," said Cyberlytic CEO Stuart Laidlaw. His firm, based in London and Belfast, uses semi-supervised machine learning to provide a real-time risk assessment of cyberattacks. Laidlaw said it takes, on average, 205 days before a company that his been hit by a cyberattack realises it: take, Yahoo for example. As a result, he said the machine learning platforms – which include a profiler, automated defences, and capture the flag scenarios – can let companies know about breaches within "seconds". Read more The top Android security apps to keep your phone and tablet safe The top Android security apps to keep your phone and tablet safe By Amelia Heathman Fabric Kerri-Lynn Hauck's Fabric has built an end-to-end encrypted video calling platform for the enterprise. But it isn't in a rush. She says time and partnerships are the most important thing for the company at the moment. Working alongside two "blue chip billion dollar companies," the company is still developing its platform, which will be seen in 2018. She said Fabric is able to build secure voice calls that can be enabled at the press of a button and let companies talk privately with their clients or colleagues. It's encrypted and compliant, Hauck says. Read more WhatsApp beats Telegram to be crowned the most secure messaging app WhatsApp beats Telegram to be crowned the most secure messaging app By Liat Clark DynaRisk Enterprises may be protecting themselves from cyberattacks but individuals aren't doing enough. "People have no idea how to protect themselves," founder Andrew Martin said. DynaRisk is trying to change this. Martin and his colleagues have developed a 'personal cyber risk assessment' that looks at an individual's online presence and provides them with ways to change it. Having just appointed Adrian Leppard, the former City of London police commissioner as an advisor, the firm is selling its risk assessment to insurers, banks and large corporates. The thought behind this? When a customer takes out a cyber insurance policy they can get a risk assessment, and by making improvements, get a discount on their plans. ThirdEye Labs Using deep learning, Raz Ghafoor is scanning CCTV cameras to help security guards track down thieves. The problem is a big one: in 2015 retailers lost £613m to theft. Current systems involve security staff sitting in front of multiple video feeds, trying to watch them all at once. "We can build something better than this," Ghafoor said. His platform uses computer vision to scan environments and pick out those committing crimes. Only the most important movements are shown to the watcher. Away from security purposes, he explained that the methods can be used in Alzheimers wards to track patients. EclecticIQ While AI may be able to do many things, it isn't the complete answer, argued Ionut Ionescu, the vice president of solutions at EclecticIQ. He believes a computer and human-based threat monitoring system is best as there will always be things a person can do better than code. "Our system is hoping to empower the analyst," he said. "We believe the analyst still has a central role and shouldn't be replaced". The firm's threat intelligence platform allows users to "consolidate, analyse, integrate and collaborate" on data from multiple sources. Eclectic brings in feed management from multiple sources and adds external data, pattern recognition, collaboration and more. Torsion Information Security Tiffany Lin Like startup stage winners CheckRecipient, Torsion looks to stop security breaches that come from within companies. Founder and CEO Peter Bradley explained that his firm is taking an approach that stops users accessing files they shouldn't be able to. Bradley said customers provide details about why a colleague needs access to a document when it is shared with them. This can then be combined with HR data. By controlling who has access to specific documents reduces the risk somebody will accidentally share it or steal it and sell it to third parties. The firm allows control of documents to be limited and shows who has access to what, Bradley added. ADVERTISEMENT SpearSec Tiffany Lin Edward Myung has a problem with phishing emails. He hasn't been targeted by them but is trying to stop those that hit companies from getting through their systems and costing businesses thousands of pounds. As such, SpearSec was created to "implement a culture of continuous improvement" within firms and stop them from being hit by sophisticated attacks. The company trains employees to spot phishing emails and then provide monitoring reports on how aware people are. But, more impressively, it runs industry-specific phishing campaigns that try to trick staff members into being conned. A vulnerability score is created for an entire organisation and individual members within it. Share this article RECOMMENDED 3D-printed rhino horns will be 'ready in two years' – but could they make poaching worse? 3D-printed rhino horns will be 'ready in two years' – but could they make poaching worse? By Katie Collins Conservation 07 Oct 2016 GCHQ launches cyber security accelerator with Wayra GCHQ launches cyber security accelerator with Wayra By Matt Burgess GCHQ 26 Sep 2016 How artificial intelligence is set to revolutionise driving How artificial intelligence is set to revolutionise driving Innovation Awards 21 Jun 2016 Want to be a GCHQ spy? Play this game Want to be a GCHQ spy? Play this game By Cara McGoogan Hacking 01 Oct 2015 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016

Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 36° F Overcast Hi: 56° F Lo: 45° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines Utah school stabbing leaves 5 injured, school startled Updated: 20 mins ago OREM, Utah (AP) — High school junior Karen Martinez was arriving for her first class when she saw three boys run from a locker room toward t… Philippine president wants to be friends with Trump, Putin Updated: 20 mins ago MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The Philippine president, who has been hostile to Barack Obama for criticizing his deadly anti-drug crackdown, ha… Police: Pizza shop customer shoots 2 robbers, killing 1 Updated: 28 mins ago DIY breast reconstruction: Device lets women do part at home Updated: 20 mins ago AP Top U.S. News at 2:11 a.m. EST Updated: 20 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 36° F Overcast Feels Like: 32° F Wind: SSE 5 Humidity: 79% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:07 AM Sunset: 4:51 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Florida A&M beats Trinity Baptist 94-62. Updated: 37 mins ago TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Craig Bowman made three 3-pointers and scored 16 points, Desmond Williams had 14 points and eight rebounds, and Flo… No. 7 Kansas beats No. 1 Duke 77-75 on jumper with 1.3 left Updated: 37 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Kansas had already gone through a tough loss this season, falling in overtime to Indiana in Honolulu. On Tuesday night the J… Hawkinson has 18 points, 12 boards in Washington State’s win Updated: 37 mins ago Frosh Markkanen lifts No. 10 Arizona to difficult win Updated: 17 mins ago Stanford beats CS Northridge in Jerod Haase’s home debut 1:14 am Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 36° F Overcast Hi: 56° F Lo: 45° F Report: Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets BRANDON BAILEY, The Associated Press Published: October 25, 2016, 12:48 am Updated: October 25, 2016, 11:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labor. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian nonprofit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings today. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” REIGN OF VIOLENCE IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e., independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labor and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. MORE DISCLOSURE Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighboring countries. Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the nonprofit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. SILICON VALLEY RIPPLES Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 percent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 percent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups — only a slight decline from 67 percent in 2010. CONGOLESE ARMY “TAXES” More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighboring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” SOME IMPROVEMENTS Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 percent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 percent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. ___ Online: The IPIS report and interactive map can be found at: http://ipisresearch.be/publication/analysis-interactive-map-artisanal-mining-areas-eastern-dr-congo-2/ You can follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey or find his reporting at http://www.bigstory.ap.org/journalist/brandon-bailey Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Beach Surf From Cape May, NJ Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, MA From the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Giuliani Could Be Next Secretary of State Nov 15 Trump Receives 1st Presidential Daily Brief Trump Says Electoral College 'Genius' After Calling It 'Disaster' Top Stories My Stories DHS: Holidays Could Be Target for Terrorists Trump Leaves Press Behind to Dine With Family Pence Removes Lobbyists From Transition Team: Aide West Virginia Mayor Resigns After Post on Michelle Obama Hundreds Hospitalized, Arrests Made in Southeast Wildfires Airline Worker Dead in Oklahoma Airport Shooting Junior Staffer Asked for Clearances for Trump Kids Google, Facebook Move to Block Fake News House Democrats Delay Leadership Elections Russia Launches Offensive in Syria The Daily Rewind Recap the day with these handpicked stories from ABC News 01 Play ABCNews.com President Obama Weighs In on Donald Trump's Presidency The 44th president spoke to reporters during a briefing at the White House and offered his thoughts on the transition to Trump's administration. #BarackObama Nov 15 02 Play ABCNews.com Students Stage Anti-Trump Protests in DC, New York Anti-Trump protests continued for a seventh straight day in large cities throughout the country. #DonaldTrump Nov 15 03 Play ABCNews.com Megyn Kelly's New Book Reveals Encounters With Donald Trump and Roger Ailes Kelly visits "GMA" to discuss her memoir, "Settle for More," which reveals her rocky relationships with Trump and Ailes, her former boss. #DonaldTrump Nov 15 04 Play WABC New York Apartments to Drop Trump Name The Trump Place apartment complex is about to drop the president-elect's name. #DonaldTrump Nov 15 05 Play ABCNews.com Thousands of Turtles Released in Peru Workers from the National Service of Areas Protected by the State (SERNANP) released small turtles in danger of extinction into rivers and lakes. Nov 15 #BarackObama Simela Pantzartzi/Pool Photo via EPA Obama Says He Knew Americans Were Angry Before Election Nov 15 Obama, Conceding No Fault, Struggles to Explain Trump's Rise #IvankaTrump Evan Vucci/AP Photo Ivanka Trump Brand 'Making Adjustments' After Promoting Bracelet Worn During Interview Nov 15 Sources: 3 NBA teams stop staying at Trump-brand hotels in NYC and Chicago Judge to Mull Latest Request to Delay Trump University Trial #DonaldTrump Kirk Irwin/Getty Images Why Trump's Appointment of Steve Bannon Has Raised Alarms Nov 15 GOP Lawmakers Struggle to Respond as Democrats Denounce Bannon Hire #Elections Steve Helber/AP Photo Over 400 Reports of Harassment and Intimidation Post-Election: SPLC Nov 15 Refuse to Hide: Muslim Americans on Trump's Election, Hate Crimes Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes Up 67 Percent, FBI Says #SandyHook Connecticut State Police/Getty Images Newtown Families Appeal Dismissal of Suit Against Gun Company Nov 15 Prosecutors Nix Deal With Star Witness in Federal Drug Trial 6 Minnesota Men Sentenced in Islamic State Case #DonaldTrump Play ABCNews.com Police Practices: What Will Trump Do? Nov 9 Gun Control: What Will Trump Do? Cybersecurity: What Will Trump Do? Politics #DonaldTrump Judge to Mull Latest Request to Delay Trump University Trial #ClimateChange Trump Will Change Views on Climate Change: UN Secretary General Mayors of Sanctuary Cities Say They'll Fight Trump's Plans #DonaldTrump 5 Takeaways From Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Interview #DonaldTrump Trump Tells Putin He Wants 'Strong' Relationship With Russia #DonaldTrump Trump Starting to Sound Like Obama on Immigration #DonaldTrump Could Trump Really Dismantle the Iran Nuke Deal? #DemocraticParty Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison Announces Bid for DNC Chair #DonaldTrump Is Trump's Tough Plan on Immigration Cracking? #DonaldTrump Trump Chief of Staff Defends Steve Bannon as a 'Very, Very Smart Person' #DonaldTrump ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency #DonaldTrump Oprah Winfrey Explains Positive Donald Trump, Obama Tweet Lawyers File Motion to Delay Trump University Trial #DonaldTrump Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser #DonaldTrump Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' #Elections Van Jones, Mary Matalin Get into Heated Exchange Over Race in 2016 Election More News 3 More Children Investigated for Rare Neurological Disease Wary of Trump Immigration Threat, NY May Erase ID Card Data Paul Ryan Poised to Remain Speaker Final 3 Minnesotans to Be Sentenced in Islamic State Case 5 Utah Students Stabbed in Boy's Locker Room; Teen Detained Murder Suspect Who Escaped via Open Door Caught US Must Respect Climate Deal, France Warns Tens of Thousands of Dead Fish Turn Up in Bay San Francisco Votes to Cap Short-Term Rentals School Bus Driver Scolded for Favoring Trump Supporters ABC News Megyn Kelly 'Wrestled' With Whether to Come Forward About Roger Ailes Nov 15 Covering Trump 'Was a Test of Me,' Megyn Kelly Says #DakotaAccessPipeline John Rudoff/Polaris Dakota Access Pipeline Co. Seeks Court Order to Complete Construction Nov 15 Anti-Trump Protests Across the Country #DonaldTrump Student Protesters Take Over Pennsylvania Avenue, Shut Down the Lincoln Monument #DonaldTrump Students Stage Anti-Trump Protests in DC, New York #DonaldTrump Protests Erupt After Donald Trump's Presidential Projection #DonaldTrump Civil War Monuments Vandalized in Richmond, Va. #DonaldTrump Anti-Donald Trump Protesters March Through New York City #DonaldTrump Anti-Donald Trump Protesters March Through Chicago #DonaldTrump Thousands Across the US Protest Donald Trump's Election Victory #DonaldTrump Thousands Across US Protest President-Elect Trump #DonaldTrump Trump Supporters and Protesters Mix Outside White House High School Students Near San Francisco Stage Anti-Trump Walkout Americans Protest Trump Election Around the Country Anti-Trump Protests Erupt for Second Night More News Lawyer Blames Nonexistent Man for Crash US, Philippine Special Forces Set to Hold Joint Drills Chili's Removes Manager Who Took Away Vet's Meal Benjamin Franklin's Gravestone Develops Crack Trump Team Denies Security Clearances Sought for Kids Will Anti-Trump Marches Become a Movement? Autopsy Shows Keith Lamont Scott Was Shot in Back Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death Twitter Expands Fight Against Abuse Woman Arrested in Death of Twin in Cliff Crash Courtesy of Meaghan Elderkin Mom Draws Napkin Art of Strong Women to Inspire Daughter After Election Nov 15 #Thanksgiving ABC 10 KXTV Turkey Rescued From Becoming Thanksgiving Dinner Is Now a Pet Nov 15 'Miracle on the Hudson' Survivor Gives Back to Families on Thanksgiving Emeril Lagasse's Thanksgiving Pie Recipes Ballyglass Coast Guard Unit Mystery Boat Washed Ashore on Irish Coast, Clues Point to Canadian Drift Nov 15 M. Phillips/Getty Images for The Lippin Group Steve Harvey Pays Tribute to Late Bernie Mac Nov 15 Mark Ashman/Disney Parks/Getty Images Kelly Clarkson Considers Retirement 'All the Time' Nov 15 Prince Harry Jams With Choir Promoting HIV Awareness Now You Can Visit the Rolling Stones' 1962 Apartment #UKRoyals Peter Nicholls - WPA Pool/Getty Images Prince Harry Jams With Choir Promoting HIV Awareness Nov 15 Jessica Simpson's Father Joe Diagnosed With Prostate Cancer Heidi Gutman/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images Teresa Giudice Explains Why She Hates to Talk About Husband's Possible Deportation Nov 14 Play ABCNews.com Koala Makes Taxing Trip to Accountant's Office The koala raised eyebrows and drew laughs after strolling into an accounting office in Australia. Up Next: Play Cows Stranded by New Zealand Quake Rescued Rachel Murray/Getty Images Gwen Stefani Thanks Blake Shelton for 'Kissing Me Back to Life' Nov 15 Review: A Tribe Called Quest's New Album Is 'Game-Changing Record for the Ages' Trisha Yearwood Hopes New Duet Album With Garth Brooks Is 1st of Many #DWTS Eric McCandless/ABC 'DWTS' Laurie Hernandez Talks Grandmother's Death Nov 15 Terra Jolé on 'DWTS' Elimination: 'It Was a Great Night' Kelsey Grammer Welcomes His 7th Child Vivien Killilea/Getty Images Adrienne Bailon Marries Singer Israel Houghton Nov 12 In Case You Missed It Celebrating Friendsgiving, a Thanksgiving Party for Friends Trash Man Finds Treasure With a Toddler Fan #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Statistics Professor Wins $100K Lottery #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Singing Cashier Gets Surprise Message From Maxwell Inviting Him Onstage Dog Owners Join Walnut the Dog in Final Walk on the Beach 'Mrs. Doubtfire' House Sold for $4.15 Million Meet the Woman on the Verge of Visiting Every Nation in the World #VeteransDay Navy Family Celebrates Veterans Day Weekend With Inspiring Photo Twins' Daylight Saving Time Birth Results in Bizarre Age Twist #VeteransDay Army Helicopter Becomes Art But Also Heals Veterans #Disney Disney 14 Things to Know About Disney's 'Moana' Before You See It Nov 14 'Beauty and the Beast' Trailer Premieres LucasFilm Ltd. Carrie Fisher Reveals 'Intense' Harrison Ford Affair Nov 15 Dwayne Johnson Named People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Final 5 Nominees for AMA Artist of the Year Revealed Jeff Vespa/Getty Images for Glamour Caitlyn Jenner Poses With Bono Nov 15 Tori Spelling Cradles Her Baby Bump Martin Scorsese and Katey Sagal Share a Laugh Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
Home News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN 39° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Radar Forecast Current conditions Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Featured: Campaign 2016 HB2 Latest Headlines Colorado recount possible on slavery in state Constitution Updated: 4 mins ago DENVER (AP) — It seemed like a no-brainer: Colorado’s voters were asked to eliminate an archaic and offensive reference to slavery as a puni… Iraqi forces attack IS in east Mosul neighborhood Updated: 4 mins ago MOSUL, Iraq (AP) — Iraqi special forces pushed deeper into the northern city of Mosul on Wednesday, backed by airstrikes but under attack by… Utah school stabbing leaves 5 injured, school startled Updated: 24 mins ago Police: Pizza shop customer shoots 2 robbers, killing 1 Updated: 44 mins ago AP Top U.S. News at 2:08 a.m. EST Updated: 24 mins ago Weather Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings Current Conditions 39° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 39° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 39° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN Search for: Search the site 39° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Report: Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets BRANDON BAILEY, The Associated Press Published: October 25, 2016, 12:48 am Updated: October 25, 2016, 11:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labor. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian nonprofit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings today. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” REIGN OF VIOLENCE IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e., independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labor and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. MORE DISCLOSURE Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighboring countries. Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the nonprofit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. SILICON VALLEY RIPPLES Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 percent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 percent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups — only a slight decline from 67 percent in 2010. CONGOLESE ARMY “TAXES” More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighboring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” SOME IMPROVEMENTS Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 percent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 percent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. ___ Online: The IPIS report and interactive map can be found at: http://ipisresearch.be/publication/analysis-interactive-map-artisanal-mining-areas-eastern-dr-congo-2/ You can follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey or find his reporting at http://www.bigstory.ap.org/journalist/brandon-bailey Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement 70s coming before strong weekend cold front November 15, 2016 Get the latest weather forecast from the CBS North Carolina weather team. TOP STORIES New evacuations ordered as NC wildfire near Lake Lure grows to nearly 4,500 acres 12:16 am Just after the updated announcement Tuesday, Henderson County began evacuating residences near Highway 74-A and Shumont Road. Raleigh asks first responders to be patient in wait for pay raise Hope Mills students remember coach killed in crash Ex-Fayetteville fireman faces child sex crime charges, deputies say Cold front approaching NC ‘will support rapid fire growth,’ officials say NORTH CAROLINA NEWS New evacuations ordered as NC wildfire near Lake Lure grows to nearly 4,500 acres 12:16 am Just after the updated announcement Tuesday, Henderson County began evacuating residences near Highway 74-A and Shumont Road. NC woman violated burn ban and assaulted deputies, officials say November 15, 2016 Deputies tried to question Evangelina Rodriguez but she ran back into her home, officials say. 2 teens among trio killed in NC head-on crash November 15, 2016 Toby Reinhardt, 19, and Jacob Wright, 18, died in the wreck. Lumberton residents to recovery committee: Help us go home November 15, 2016 A crowd packed the workforce development building at Robeson Community College to find out what assistance is coming and explain what they n… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WNCN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Media General Communications Holdings, LLC. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Station Contact us Work at CBS North Carolina Closings Closed Captioning Terms of Use Privacy Policy Business Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC Public File email jwilliams@wncn.com EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Report: Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets Report: Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets Oct 25, 2016 Brandon Bailey, The Associated Press   0 SAN FRANCISCO – Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labour. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian non-profit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings today. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” REIGN OF VIOLENCE IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e., independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labour and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. MORE DISCLOSURE Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighbouring countries. Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the non-profit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. SILICON VALLEY RIPPLES Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 per cent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 per cent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups — only a slight decline from 67 per cent in 2010. CONGOLESE ARMY “TAXES” More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighbouring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice-president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” SOME IMPROVEMENTS Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 per cent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 per cent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. ___ Online: The IPIS report and interactive map can be found at: http://ipisresearch.be/publication/analysis-interactive-map-artisanal-mining-areas-eastern-dr-congo-2/ You can follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey or find his reporting at http://www.bigstory.ap.org/journalist/brandon-bailey shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Woody Paige: Fans tuning out to NFL's greedy sham that is 'Thursday Night Football' Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Hickenlooper touts 'Modem Millie' to promote cyber safety Hailstorm, housing construction push Colorado Springs sales tax to another big month Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight First public recovery room for athletes opens in Colorado Springs Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal' Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Child Safety Group Releases Unsafe Toys List Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Colorado Springs school warns of "resurgence" of racial and ethnic slurs Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 8:51 PM 0 "Mind your Ps and Qs" is the message students at two Colorado Springs schools are getting from principals on two different topics, in response to... Broncos bring out the Lombardis to boost Memorial Hospital rehab patients' spirits Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 6:21 PM 0 Eighty-year-old Vera Hammons didn't expect she would need her pompoms while recovering from a broken hip at Memorial Hospital Central. But when the Denver Broncos'... News: Local News Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 6:29 PM 0 DENVER — Denver has approved a first-in-the-nation law allowing people to use marijuana in bars and restaurants. Denver voters weighed in on Proposition... Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum receives largest gift in its history Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 4:41 PM 0 An anonymous donor just made Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum history. The philanthropist... Colorado Springs protesters show solidarity for opponents of Dakota pipeline Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 10:21 PM 0 The protesters’ signs included phrases like “Water is life” and “People over pipelines,” and the... Latest Local Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime By: CATHY BUSSEWITZ and COLLEEN SLEVIN, Associated Press - 2 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development By: Matt Steiner - 3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost By: Matt Steiner - 3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House By: John Frank and Brian Eason, The Denver Post - 4 hr ago Colorado Springs motorists will see lower gas prices as they hit the road for Thanksgiving By: Rich Laden - 6 hr ago Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase By: Debbie Kelley - 6 hr ago Top Stories The Latest: Trump goes out for dinner without press in tow 2 hr ago Child safety group releases annual list of unsafe toys By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence By: KEN THOMAS and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 4 hr ago David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf By: David Ramsey - 4 hr ago Gazette Preps: High school sports signing day list for fall 2016 By: Scott Kaniewski - 4 hr ago Woody Paige: Fans tuning out to NFL's greedy sham that is 'Thursday Night Football' By: Woody Paige - 5 hr ago 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained 6 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back Top ways to celebrate winter in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 15 fascinating presidential facts you probably don't know Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 2 hr ago Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime 3 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development 3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost 3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program 4 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House 6 hr ago Colorado Springs motorists will see lower gas prices as they hit the road for Thanksgiving 6 hr ago Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase Most Read New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption ‘Ape in heels’: W.Va. officials under fire after comments about Michelle Obama Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries David Ramsey: Soccer great Mia Hamm asks sports parents to stop being so childish Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum receives largest gift in its history Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program 4 anchors of the fast-growing hub in north Colorado Springs Colorado Springs hits record high Colorado Springs school warns of "resurgence" of racial and ethnic slurs Sports 2 hr ago Individual performances stand out as Air Force rolls past NAIA foe 105-62 2 hr ago Varlamov stops 32 shots as Avalanche beat Kings 3 hr ago Two NHL draft prospects among CC signees so far 4 hr ago David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf 4 hr ago John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor 4 hr ago Air Force sweating the small things when it comes to facing diminutive running backs 5 hr ago Senior-laden defense helps Lewis-Palmer to 3A quarterfinals Business 21 min ago Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan 29 min ago The Latest: San Francisco votes to cap short-term rentals 1 hr ago 'Super Size Me' filmmaker brings restaurant idea to Columbus 2 hr ago Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street 3 hr ago Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash 4 hr ago Sikh truckers reach settlement in faith discrimination case 4 hr ago No price tag, end date for FAA's air traffic control plan Opinion 7 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug Lamborn 8 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Time to rethink our basic political ideas 10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Trump to 'make things better' 11 hr ago LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S. 16 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans Mon, Nov 14, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future Mon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religion Elections 13 hr ago Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts 15 hr ago Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results 16 hr ago 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Sun, Nov 13, 2016 Weighing the potential of a Trump presidency from a military point of view Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Donald Trump on '60 Minutes': Hillary Clinton 'couldn't have been nicer' Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Safety pin campaign signals post-election support for minorities Around the Web 2 hr ago That's no house cat: Nevada police find 3 tigers in backyard 8 hr ago A plane full of people just flew cross country on wood-based fuel made by a Colorado company 8 hr ago Japan rubber-mask makers happy to face a Trump presidency 8 hr ago Bush family announces adoption of rescue puppy named Freddy 9 hr ago 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basement 12 hr ago Marijuana cocktails could soon become a thing thanks to Election Night victories 13 hr ago Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Latest Videos Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Child Safety Group Releases Unsafe Toys List Pikes Peak region forecast Utah High School Teen Stabs Five Students Spreading Broncos Cheer in Colorado Springs Raw: Demand for Trump Masks Surges Pet Owners Turn to Needles to Help Injured Pets Group Tries To Swim Across The Dead Sea Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Priebus Tapped as White House Chief of Staff Raw: Anniversary of Attacks Marked Across Paris Sports Latest Sports Individual performances stand out as Air Force rolls past NAIA foe 105-622 hr ago Varlamov stops 32 shots as Avalanche beat Kings2 hr ago Two NHL draft prospects among CC signees so far3 hr ago Air Force sweating the small things when it comes to facing diminutive running backs4 hr ago Broncos David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf4 hr ago John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor4 hr ago Report: Broncos' Von Miller says he’s being extorted for sex tape7 hr ago Gary Kubiak raising the bar on Trevor Siemian8 hr ago Photo Galleries Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Cubs win the World Series Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Trump to 'make things better'10 hr ago EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may doSun, Nov 13, 2016 Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOPSat, Nov 12, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean waterFri, Nov 11, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S.11 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans16 hr ago LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religionMon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: The people have spoken; 2016 has been an amazing yearFri, Nov 11, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug Lamborn7 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Time to rethink our basic political ideas8 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our futureMon, Nov 14, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Old soldiers continue to fight their wars and rememberFri, Nov 11, 2016 Local News Local News Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime2 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program4 hr ago Local and State Politics Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime2 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program4 hr ago Local Business A plane full of people just flew cross country on wood-based fuel made by a Colorado company8 hr ago 4 anchors of the fast-growing hub in north Colorado Springs8 hr ago Colorado Springs Regional Business Alliance names UCCS chancellor as top Business Citizen9 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger18 hr ago More Top Reads Nation and World New Zealand completes evacuation from town cut off by quake13 min ago Final 3 Minnesotans to be sentenced in Islamic State case20 min ago Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan21 min ago Police search for motive in killing of airport worker31 min ago Military New Zealand completes evacuation from town cut off by quake14 min ago The Latest: Evacuation from quake-hit New Zealand town ends1 hr ago Manning leads Air Force over Johnson & Wales (Colo.) 105-621 hr ago Afghan officials say suicide bomber kills 4 in Kabul2 hr ago Blogs John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor4 hr ago TV Preview - 10 takeaways from the season three premiere of ‘The Affair’7 hr ago Wounded Warrior Scholarship recipients to be honored13 hr ago Another Arizona State hockey arena deal brewingMon, Nov 14, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase6 hr ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman8 hr ago Shots fired near Palmer Park in Colorado Springs16 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs areaMon, Nov 14, 2016 National Crime 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained6 hr ago 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basement9 hr ago California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrestedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Alaska officer 'ambushed' and shot multiple times, police saySat, Nov 12, 2016 Life Life AROUND TOWN: Friends/family honor Urban Turzi of One Nation Walking Together8 hr ago AROUND TOWN: Women's Foundation of Colorado encourages women's potential8 hr ago 131 Colorado Springs-area holiday events9 hr ago Broadmoor-area church bids farewell to longtime pastor12 hr ago Arts and Entertainment TV Preview - 10 takeaways from the season three premiere of ‘The Affair’7 hr ago Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal'8 hr ago New play explores a world in which everyone must watch what they say14 hr ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty18 hr ago Religion In Indonesia, a new way to take back social media from extremists6 hr ago Cliff Barrows, Billy Graham’s song leader for six decades, dies at 936 hr ago Partisan pope? Falwell critiques Francis on Twitter6 hr ago Baby Christian scolded for first major misstep6 hr ago National National Politics Trump breaks protocol _ again _ on press access34 min ago Life in the White House bubble? Trump's had practice2 hr ago Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries4 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House4 hr ago National Business Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan19 min ago The Latest: San Francisco votes to cap short-term rentals27 min ago 'Super Size Me' filmmaker brings restaurant idea to Columbus59 min ago Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street2 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets By Associated Press Published: 22:32 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 22:33 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that's processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that's used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo's gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal "taxes" that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they're conscripted into forced labor. FILE - In this Aug. 16, 2012, file photo, a Congolese miner sifts through ground rocks to separate out the cassiterite, the main ore that¿s processed into tin, in the town of Nyabibwe, eastern Congo, a once bustling outpost fueled by artisanal cassiterite mining. A new report released Monday, Oct. 24, 2016, shows violent, armed groups still exert control over pick-and-shovel miners in the Democratic Republic of Congo, despite years of efforts by local reformers, Western activists and multinational companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the region in their products. Conditions are better for miners in some areas, but armed groups still threaten the gold sector. (AP Photo/Marc Hofer, File) Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian nonprofit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings today. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. "Things are slowly but surely changing," said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. "But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines." REIGN OF VIOLENCE IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e., independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labor and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. MORE DISCLOSURE Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they've done to determine if they're using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighboring countries. Though it's been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they're unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the nonprofit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn't identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo's government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. SILICON VALLEY RIPPLES Silicon Valley's Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can't be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products "conflict-free" and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it's susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don't want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 percent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 percent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups — only a slight decline from 67 percent in 2010. CONGOLESE ARMY "TAXES" More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren't just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for "looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence" in Congo's Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it's smuggled into neighboring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. "But that shouldn't stop us," said David Bouffard, vice president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn't use metal from conflict sources. "We have to help as much as we can." SOME IMPROVEMENTS Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 percent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That's a big improvement from 57 percent in 2010. But experts say the "tag and trace" system used for tracking 3T ore isn't perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. ___ Online: The IPIS report and interactive map can be found at: http://ipisresearch.be/publication/analysis-interactive-map-artisanal-mining-areas-eastern-dr-congo-2/ You can follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey or find his reporting at http://www.bigstory.ap.org/journalist/brandon-bailey Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ Dell Laptops ▸ Razer BLADE Pro Vs. MacBook Pro Retina Display (comparison) Dell Laptops Razer BLADE Pro Vs. MacBook Pro Retina Display (comparison) Shawn Sanders Updated August 2, 2015 Shares We used to have the most eye-opening mentally-rewarding existential conversations when I worked as a comic book store clerk in high school. Customers and staff alike would engage in intensely-heated worldview-altering banter like “who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Batman” or “which cereal stays crunchier in milk?” I know! It was truly heady stuff. But in all seriousness, there is where my mind travels as I referee an unlikely–almost MARVEL Comics style “What if?” So here it is… If they were to meet in a dark alley, which laptop would win the Apple MacBook Pro Retina Vs. the new Razer Blade Pro. Size What we have here is the 17-inch Razer Blade Pro. The company has done an admirable job of keeping the innards of the Blade Pro powerful yet petite. The form factor is super thin with dimensions the likes 16.8 inches wide, with a depth of 10.9 nches. It’s height is a lowered 0.88 inches thin and the thing weighs 6.58 lbs. That’s more than 2lbs heavier than the MacBook Pro Retina. To be fair the MBPR is only a 15.4-inch laptop size. The dimensions tally in at 14.3 inches in width, 9.73 inches in depth and 0.71 inches in height. Winner: 15.4″ MacBook Pro Retina Appearance Both the Razer Blade Pro and the MacBook Pro Retina are aesthetic showstoppers. Most notable on the Blade is the Switchblade capacitive touchscreen interface,which functions as a trackpad and numpad. You can also use it to check email, browse the internet, watch youtube videos, take screenshots and lot more. But this is an easy win for ye’ old lappy from Cupertino. The MacBook Pro Retina is thinner and lighter with more connectivity and storage options than the Razer Blade Pro. The 14-inch MBPR is also much more portable than the RBP. There is a 14 inch variant of the Razer Blade Pro, which is smaller by design and much lighter. But against the bulkier Razer Blade Pro, the MBPR comes out ahead in design and portability. But we all know those looking for this gaming laptop from Razer, are going to care little about a couple extra pounds. Winner: 14″ MacBook Pro Retina Display This one is difficult. On paper and in a vacuum, so to speak, the MacBook Pro Retina has the more potent Retina Display which is capable of a massive 2880 x 1800 native resolution with 220 ppi. The tech in the panel equates a superior product. But the surrounding tech in the Blade compliments its display much better than what’s in the MBPR. Images and movies are gorgeous on Apple’s window. Yet that resolution is taxed heavily by the underperforming GT 650m GPU with only 1gb of GDDR memory. Razer knows gamers and gaming very well and the Blade Pro is tuned with this experience. The 17.3 inch backlit HD LED display is not as flashy and really not as rich as the Retina. But it looks great still, pushing the now-standard 1920 x 1080. I should also mention each does great video-out. MBR can push 2560 x 1600 across two displays while the Razer Blade Pro can do 3840 x 2160 via HDMI 1.4a audio/video output. Winner: 15″ MacBook Pro Retina Gaming Performance That resolution powered by the newer GTX 765m gpu coupled with nvidia GeForce Experience ensures today’s games run at approximately 60frames per second at 1080 and they look great. Sure blacks are deeper and the contrast is far better with superior color saturation so any static image or HD movie looks better on the MacBook Pro Retina. But gaming is the Razer Blade Pro’s bread and butter. Where the MBPR doesn’t hold high frame rates at in today’s games at either it or the Blade Pro’s native resolution. The Blade Blade Pro has another slight advantage that helps it keep pace with the Retina. It’s using the new Intel Intel 4700H series CPU which comes with integrated HD 4600–a faster step up from the MBPR’s HD 4000 integrated graphics solution. You can be sure Apple will step up their CPU game soon. But for now… Winner: Razer Blade Pro Processor This is nearly a tie. Speeds are just so close. Intel enthusiasts will undoubtedly remind me the Blade is powered by the sparkling-new Intel Core i7-4700HQ Quad-Core Processor clocked at 2.4Ghz with an achieveable 3.4Ghz turbo. Thusly I remind all the MacBook Pro’s older i7 is clocked higher at 2.7Ghz and can be configured to 3.7ghz. Still the Razer Blade Pro steels the win with simple OC ability and a handsome new CPU that one of the best things to hit the mobile sphere in a while. It’s a smaller dies that uses less power (close to 20% reportedly) and generated less heat. Another benefit of Haswell is battery life. It’s hard to see it here. But Haswell is one the reason we can get close to 4hours of intense 1080p gaming out the machine while also powering a demanding capacitive touchscreen trackpad. Moreover, the CPU contains a higher performing integrated GPU option in the HD 4600. Connectivity The MacBook Pro Retina hits hard with a bevy of connectivity options. You get 2x USB 3 ports, 2x Thunderbolt ports, HDMI-out and SDXC card slot for added storage expansion. The Razer Blade Pro is much lighter in this round with 3x USB 3 ports and HDMI out. Each sports headphone jacks but the MBPR packs a dual microphone setup found on the side next to the headphone jack, while the Razer Blade Pro uses a mic positioned up near its webcam above the display. the MBPR does not house a traditional Ethernet cat-5 connection. But the Thunderbolt ports can be used as Gigabit Ethernet with an adapter sold separately. Conversely the Blade Pro features a normal RJ45 Gigbit Ethernet Port for its suped-up Killer Wireless network adapter. The network solutions from Bigfoot Killer Nic can eek out precious extra frames per second by circumventing Windows OS natural network check resulting in lower pings and higher frame rates. Winner: 15″ MacBook Pro Retina Storage The Razer Blade Easily comes close to a win on this one. While the MacBook Pro Retina can reach capacities of 768gb vs the the max 512gb of the Razer Blade Pro, it can’t touch the speed of Razer gaming laptop. With read and write speeds hitting above 550mb/s vs. the MBPR’s 400-440mb/s. MBR does feature a nice SDXC card slot for expanded storage. You will undoubtedly be using one of the 3- USB 3 ports to connect an external drive. Our is a 25gb model but again, the 512gb variant is available for more pennies. Winner: Tie Battery Life The MacBook Pro Retina does 7hours wireless on general use. The Blade will get your 4-5 hours of general use with intense gaming cutting that in half–easily. Winner: 15″ MacBook Pro Retina Price The MacBook Pro Retina can be had for aroudn $2000 now. The Razer Blade Pro is priced at $2500. Winner: 15″ MacBook Air Pro Retina Conclusion These are both exceptional machines. The Razer Blade Pro is more of a luxury item but I can’t stop playing with it. For some reason, I want to use this thing more than any laptop I’ve used. The switchblade interface is more refined than when saw it on the Deathstrike keyboard, the key are snappy and responsive. It boots to the desktop in under 5-seconds and it games likes a true desktop can. However, it’s about $500 more yet the performance gain doen’t equate the costdifference. So if you’re looking for a super thin super efficient dedicated gaming system, you may want to look to the Razer Blade without the “Pro” in the moniker. But if overal the MacBook Pro Retina still the win. It can play the same games at lower frame rates/or lower resolutions. That aside, it can do everything the Blade can do minus the tricks of novelty found on the Switchblade trackpad. Overall Winner: 15″ MacBook Pro Retina Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Shawn Sanders Sponsored Content Related Posts Dell Launches $300 Laptop: Dell E Dell Announces Pricing for All New Windows 8 Machines, Includes All New Duo (video) Dell Intros Quad-Core Laptop: Precision M6400 Covet Dell Inspiron Mini 12 Laptop Ships Early December Confirmed: Dell to go AMD this October Gadget Rumor: Dell To Release Adamo Laptop, Macbook Air Murderer 9 Comments to Razer BLADE Pro Vs. MacBook Pro Retina Display (comparison) The T on I have used both and still using . Razer is magic . stop these funny compares Reply Marco on What about the macbook mousepad vs razer blade pro touch pad, for me it is not he macbook pro the winner Reply Sam on What’s proofreading? Reply espeyswims on lol wut? Macbook can play the same games with lower fps… “play the same games”. Well… if all games are on steam than yes, that is true. Reply espeyswims on One thing that you need to keep in mind as far as battery life is concerned with the rMBP (in my experience) is that when running in boot camp it takes a generous chunk out of the longevity, and most of the games I have are on Windows (so to ME that makes a difference). Also when saying that the rMBP can just run the games in a lower resolution, doesn’t that defeat the purpose of the high pixel density (not to mention the rMBP tends to look like poop at anything other than native (to be expected) and half res is way too large for most games on a 15″ screen). And one could say “Just spend the extra and get the 2.7 ghz processor in the MBP” Ok, but that doesn’t solve any problems; in all macs the GPU is by FAR the bottleneck for gaming of any sort. If Apple would listen and make a model with like a GTX770m or so; there would simply be no competition in my book. (oh and they should add an actual discrete card to the iMac, none of this mobile poop!) Don’t get me wrong, the MBP is a great machine. But the machines spec’d out for this review are not evenly matched. The prices are a bit off as well, spec’d how I bought my Razer they are both pushing 3k (512 SSD and extended warranty). One last note, (some may view this as a negative but it helps) all of the ddr chips on Razer are soldered on the board, as well as the SSD. Razer also doesn’t have the burn in issues that some of the Retina displays have! Reply TheQuestian on It did seem a bit biased, in my opinion, but it doesn’t really bother me. What bothers me is the preconceived notion that Razer makes gaming laptops, and therefore only gamers need apply. People have continually said that the only reason they would buy a Razer is for gaming, and that they wouldn’t do so because they could buy a better gaming laptop, or a desktop for cheaper. But if you take gaming out of the equation, the Razer Blade Pro is still basically a MBP that runs Windows natively. And what’s bad about that? All of the reasons for buying are the same [aesthetics, power, content creation capability, style points, etc.] with the exception of users who require OSX. Obviously the Razer is not directed at them, but there is certainly a market. I wouldn’t game on the Razer [I would buy the smaller one, personally], because my desktop fills that purpose, but even so it’s an EXTREMELY powerful laptop built with aesthetics and portability in mind. I don’t see that as a bad thing. Sure, there are more powerful laptops, and there are slimmer laptops. But that could be said of the MBP as well. Why does no one say it? Seems like a double standard. I want to run Windows natively, and I want a powerful machine for productivity and content creation. I want a laptop that is not a brick and does not look like a three-inch-thick warship. Based on those criteria, I don’t think there’s another machine that can compete performance-wise. I do wish for a better panel, on paper, but I haven’t seen it in person, so the jury’s still out on that one. Reply Wyatt Cooper on Doesn’t really seem biased. I have used both computers, and agree with everything he said. The only reason I would buy the Razer would be to game, but then I would buy a desktop for much cheaper. The rMPB has better battery life, screen, is more customizable, and looks better. The Razer has slightly better performance, which shows especially for gaming. If I had to choose between these 2, I would choose the Mac. Reply Ayo on apple bias again reviewr is an isheep Reply Steve on This review is inaccurate and ignorant to say the least. Pay ABSOLUTELY NO HEED TO THIS PERSON, HE HAS A BRAIN AS BIG AS AN OSTRICH’S. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,004 Fans 13,315 Subscribers 10,829 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2016 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2016 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2016 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2016 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2016 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2016 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2016: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2016 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2016 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2016 Blenders Best Blenders 2016 LED TVs Best 32 LED TV Wine Accessories Best Wine Fridge Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Get the best deals online and geek out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review also has some of the best software reviews and consumer services reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Gadget Review © 2016 | Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML

null
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Global Video Analytics, VCA, ISR & Intelligent Video Surveillance Market – 2017-2022 NEW YORK, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — 2015-2022 Market CAGR 18.2%. Granulated into 167 Submarkets The Global Video Analytics, VCA, ISR & Intelligent Video Surveillance Market – 2017-2022 report forecasts that this industry’s revenues* will grow at a 2015-2022 CAGR of 18.2%. The rapid market growth is driven by the following factors: – Security-related video surveillance boom, led by the 2015-2016 terror-inflicted Europe – Safe City projects – Autonomous driverless vehicles – Technology maturity: video analytics algorithms, processors, applications and products underwent a decade of technological evolution to intelligent video processing, based on advancements in image processing, enabling automatic and semi-automatic detection and identification of signatures – Price reduction of video analytic systems, driven by the falling prices of image processing DSPs and communication systems – Improved cost-performance of new edge-based video analytic DSP technologies (e.g., Intel & Texas Instruments VA DSPs) – The rapidly growing “Internet of Things” applications drive the “Video Imaging of Everything” proliferation – HD video cameras cost-performance follows Moore’s law. HD cameras priced at $3000-5000 in 2010 are forecasted to cost $60-80 only, by 2022 – High cost of human operators & high rate of overlooked events – Defense-related intelligent video surveillance, ISR analytics, robotics and video guided munitions markets boom The report examines each dollar spent in the market via 4 orthogonal money trails: regional markets, vertical sectors, national markets, and revenue sources. The report is granulated into 167 submarkets. This landmark report is a resource for busy executives with commercial interests in the industry. It has been explicitly customized for decision-makers to identify business opportunities, developing technologies, market trends and risks, as well as to benchmark business plans. Questions answered in this 3-volume 1140-page mega report include: – What will the market size of 167 sub-markets be in 2022? – What are the main vertical market trends? – Where and what are the business opportunities? – What are the market drivers and inhibitors? – Who are the key vendors? – What are the challenges to market penetration? – What are the main technology trends? The report presents in 1140 pages, 202 tables and 206 figures, analysis of 57 current and pipeline technologies and 110 leading vendors. The report is granulated into 167 submarkets, presents for each submarket 2015 data, 2016 estimate and projects the 2017-2022 market forecast and technologies from several perspectives, including: – Business opportunities and challenges – SWOT analysis – Market analysis (e.g., market dynamics, market drivers and inhibitors) – Vertical submarkets: Defense Sector, Critical Infrastructure Security, Transportation & Logistics, Aviation & Maritime Security, Safe Cities & Smart Cities, Border Security, Commercial & Public Buildings, Entertainment & Casinos Security, Retail – Analytics, Residential Security and other submarkets – 49 geographical regions/countries: North America, United States, Canada, Latin America, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico, Rest of Latin America, Europe, Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Spain, Sweden, UK, Rest of Europe, MEA, Iraq, Israel, Kuwait, South Africa, Qatar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, UAE, Rest of MEA, Asia Pacific, Australia, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Rest of Asia Pacific – Current and pipeline technologies: License Plate Recognition (LPR), Cloud Video Analytics, Kalman Filters Application to Track Moving Items, Real Time Automatic Alerts Algorithms Online Video Analytics, Object Sorting and ID, Behavioral Analysis, Video Analytic Applications, Video Analytics Architecture Image Segmentation Algorithms Item Tracking, Intelligent CCTV Surveillance Algorithms, Item Identification and Recognition, IVS Based Face Recognition, Sorting Actions and Behaviors, Crowd Surveillance, Multi-Camera Intelligent CCTV Surveillance Systems, Remote Threat Identification, Distributed Sensors Remote Systems, Remote Biometric Identification, Watch Lists fused IVS, Fused VA and Biometrics, Fused Multi-modal IVS Biometric Remote People Screening, Intelligent Video Surveillance Tracking, IVS & VA based Behavioral Profiling, Tag and Track, Wireless Video Analytics, Video Content Analysis Algorithms, Automated Analysis of Video Surveillance Data, Item Detection, Gaussian Mixture Based Background Subtraction Algorithms, Background Subtraction, Item Detection Based on Single-Image Algorithms, Item Tracking Algorithms, Kalman Filtering Techniques, Region Segmentation, Partially Observable Markov Decision Process, “Splitting” Items Algorithms, Dimension Based Items Classifiers, Shape Based Item Classifiers, Event Detection Methods, Vision-Based Human Action Recognition, Derived Egomotion, Path Reconstruction Algorithms, Video Cameras Gap Mitigation Algorithms, Networked Cameras Tag and Track Algorithms, Fusion Engines, Event Description, IVS Reasoning, IVS Reporting, Smart Cameras, Pulse Video Analytics – Companies operating in the market (profiles, products and contact information): 3i-MIND, 3VR, 3xLOGIC, AAI Corporation, AAM Systems, ACTi Corporation, ADT Security Services, Adaptive Imaging Technologies, Agent Video Intelligence, Aimetis, ALPHAOPEN, American Dynamics, Ampex Data Systems Corporation, Aralia System, AVCON Information Technology Co. Ltd., Avigilon Corporation, Axis, Axxon, BAE Systems Plc, Basler, BiKal, Boeing Defense, Space & Security, Bosch Security Systems, Briefcam, Camero, Cernium, Churchill Navigation, CIEFFE, Cisco, Citilog, ClickIt, Cognimatics, Digital Results Group, Emza Visual Sense, Eptascape, DVTel, Exacq, GE Security, Genetec, Geovision, HASAM, Honeywell, IMINT Image Intelligence AB, IndigoVision, Intellivid, Intergraph Corporation, IntuVision Inc, ioimage, IPConfigure, IPS Intelligent Video Analytics, Ipsotek, IQinVision, ISS, ITT EchoStorm, L-3 Communications Holdings Inc, Lockheed Martin Corporation, LuxRiot, MACROSCOP, March Networks, Mate Intelligent Video Ltd., Matrix Vision, MDS, Milestone Systems A/S, Mirasys, Mobotix, MTS, National Instruments, NetPosa Technologies, Ltd., NICE Systems, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Nuuo, ObjectVideo, On-Net Surveillance Systems, PCI-SuntekTechnology Co., Ltd., Pelco, Pivot3, Pixim, Proximex, PV Labs, Raytheon Company, Salient Stills, Samsung Techwin, Sarnoff Corporation, SeeTec, Sentient, Siemens, SightLogix, Smartvue, Sony, Synectics, Synesis, Texas Instruments, Thales Group, V.A.S. GmbH, VDG Security BV, Verint, Viasys Intelligent Video Analytics, Vicon, Videalert Ltd, VideoBank, VideoIQ, VideoMining, VideoNext, Vidient, Vigilant Systems, Vi-system, WeCU Technologies Ltd, Westec, Zhejiang Dahua Technology (*) including: system sales, installation and aftersales revenues (i.e., service and upgrades) The report includes the following 9 appendices: Appendix A: Open Network Video Interface Forum (ONVIF) Standards Appendix B: Markov IVS Decision Algorithms Appendix C: The Global Video Security Market – 2015-2022 Appendix D: Covert CCTV Walk-by People Screening Technologies Appendix E: CCTV Based People Screening Appendix F: The VCA, ISR & Video Analytics Systems and Devices Industry Appendix G: VCA, ISR & Video Analytics Industry: Business Models & Strategies Appendix H: The U.S. National Intelligence Council 2020 Global Landscape Appendix I: National Markets Background Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04250341-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-video-analytics-vca-isr–intelligent-video-surveillance-market—2017-2022-300352122.html Author ilsPosted on October 26, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Videocon d2h Limited Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 Earnings Release Next Next post: Optical Interconnect Market by Interconnect Level, Fiber Mode, Product Category, Application, and Geography – Global Forecast to 2022 Search for: Search Recent Posts Capgemini Accelerates Global FinTech Initiative to Meet Market Demand for Innovation Turkey says it’s tired of ‘two-faced’ EU attitude Delta Food Industries Will be Presenting the Middle East Hozpitality Excellence Awards 2016 in Dubai HubSpot to Open Second European Office in Berlin, Germany in 2017 Rosewood Hong Kong Will Open in 2018, Adding a Graceful New Landmark to the Famous Harborfront Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe S&P 500 Index Slips Amid Health-Care Earnings, Apple Sales View Anna-Louise Jackson aljax7 Rebecca Spalding @rcurtisspalding October 26, 2016 — 6:10 AM EDT Updated on October 26, 2016 — 4:40 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Equities seesaw on swings in crude oil, energy producers Lenders jump to 2016 high as yields on Treasuries climb Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The S&P 500 Index edged lower, after lurching between gains and losses, with corporate reports spurring a tug of war as financial and industrial companies advanced to counter losses among health-care and technology shares. A disappointing forecast from Apple Inc. weighed on tech, and Edwards Lifesciences Corp. plunged the most in three years to drag health-care lower after the company’s sales missed estimates. Countering declines, Boeing Co. jumped the most in 21 months following its quarterly report. Mondelez International Inc. rallied after boosting its profit forecast, and the KBW Bank Index rose to its best level this year as Treasury yields approached June highs. The S&P 500 fell 0.2 percent to 2,139.43 at 4 p.m. in New York, after briefly erasing a 0.5 percent slide when crude oil wiped out losses on signs of lower supplies. The benchmark renewed declines as oil again lost momentum in the afternoon. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33, bolstered by Boeing. The Nasdaq Composite Index slumped 0.6 percent, the most in two weeks. About 6.7 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, 3 percent above the three-month average. “It’s not common to see the Dow, the S&P and the Nasdaq performing in such disparate ways,” said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist with Wells Fargo Funds Management LLC, which oversees $242 billion. “Only 4 percent of the time have we seen the Dow outperform the S&P and the S&P outperform the Nasdaq by these margins. It’s typically driven by just a handful of names or sectors sticking out like sore thumbs, so it’s important to not assume the Nasdaq is telling us something the Dow or the S&P are missing. Still, it’s rare and rare events tend to grab our attention.” The S&P 500 hasn’t climbed for more than two consecutive days for almost five weeks, unable to gain traction during an earnings season dappled with disappointing forecasts from Intel Corp. to 3M Co. and Apple. While 78 percent of companies that have reported so far beat profit forecasts and 62 percent exceeded revenue estimates, analysts still predict third-quarter income will be flat compared to a year ago. Google parent Alphabet Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. are among those releasing results tomorrow. Shares moving on earnings news included: Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. sank to a three-year low, with quarterly results missing estimates as the company struggles to come back from an outbreak of foodborne illnesses last year. Southwest Airlines Co. dropped 8.5 percent after predicting a revenue measure may worsen this quarter, a sign of diminished power to raise airfares. Biogen Inc. rallied 3.7 percent after its quarterly profit topped estimates, with sales from a top-selling multiple-sclerosis drug jumping 10 percent. Northrop Grumman Corp. climbed to a record, after raising its full-year earnings forecast as third-quarter results topped estimates. Akamai Technologies Inc. and Juniper Networks Inc. surged more than 10 percent after their profits beat estimates, offsetting some of Apple’s drag on the technology group. Huntington Bancshares Inc. advanced 5 percent to a nine-month high after its quarterly results topped predictions. That helped sending lenders in the S&P 500 toward a ten-month high. Meanwhile, investors are assessing the likely trajectory of interest rates and the outcome of the the U.S. presidential elections, with the next Federal Reserve meeting and the vote both due in the next two weeks. Traders see a less than one-in-five chance the Fed will raise rates at its next meeting before the election. They are pricing in nearly 73 percent odds of a December move. A report today showed purchases of new-homes in September stayed close to an almost nine-year high, showing residential real estate was maintaining momentum heading into the quieter selling season. “The market is pretty directionless at the moment, chopping around in a range,” said Michael Hewson, a market analyst at CMC Markets in London. “Some investors are trimming down their portfolios ahead of next week’s Fed announcement.” The S&P 500 is on track for a third monthly decline and its worst since January. That goes against its historical trend -- the benchmark has climbed 1.9 percent on average in the past 25 Octobers, the biggest gain of any month. It’s trading at 18 times forecast earnings, the highest since 2009. In Wednesday’s trading, seven of the S&P 500’s 11 main industries retreated, with real estate sinking 1.3 percent while technology and health-care shares lost at least 0.5 percent. Financials and industrials increased more than 0.4 percent. The CBOE Volatility Index rose 5.8 percent to a one-week high. “The markets typically trade defensively in October before an election anyway, I expect more of the same,” said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Milwaukee-based Robert W. Baird. “The market is going to go lower before it goes higher. It’s going to require a springboard and that springboard requires slightly lower prices.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE S&P 500 Index Health Markets Earnings Tech Apple Inc War KBW Bank Index Dow Jones Industrial Average NASDAQ Composite Index Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases European Homeland Security & Public Safety Video Surveillance & Video Analytics Markets – 2016-2022 NEW YORK, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — European Homeland Security & Public Safety Video Surveillance and Video Analytics Markets – 2016-2022 The Paris and Brussels 2015-2016 ISIS-inspired terror attacks shook the European public, governments and security bodies unlike any other recent terror attack. The two attacks demonstrated the crucial value of Video Surveillance and Video Analytics, which gave the security forces time-critical information, enabling them to evade several pending terror attacks (e.g., the terror attack on a Belgian nuclear reactor). Based on 6 months of the “Europe’s Terror & Migration Crisis Series” research, and 95 face-to-face interviews and analyses, we forecast that following a decade of steady (CAGR of 8.3%) market penetration, the European Video Security Surveillance and Video Analytics market will experience a period of dual digit 2015-2020 CAGR of 15.5%. The market is set to undergo a major transformation from 2016-2022 through the following drivers: It is an open secret that extensively- deployed 21st century HD video surveillance (associated with high-end real-time video analytics) is a critical component for intelligence agencies and security forces in order to fight terror and crime. It has been proved time and again in the London 7/7, Boston marathon, Paris and Brussels terror attacks that video surveillance and analytics systems played a critical role in apprehension of terrorists and mitigation of terror attacks. Nowadays, video security surveillance cameras and ICT systems are widely used in European public and private venues. Fortunately, the increased processing capability allows processing a large amount of video data in real-time. With the available infrastructure, an efficient and accurate intelligent video surveillance will create remarkable business opportunities. The European video security surveillance market has grown at a CAGR of 8-10% over the past few years driven by rising concerns for security. European governments, security agencies and the business sector show an increased demand for premium (high resolution, real time analytics and high cost,) security surveillance systems. CCTV cameras, video analytics DSPs (e.g., Intel & Texas Instruments DSPs) and ICT cost-performance follow Moore’s law. The price of HD cameras has dropped from $3000-5000 in 2010 to $400-600 last year and is forecasted to cost $80-120 by 2020. Technology maturity: video analytics algorithms, processors, applications and products underwent a decade of technological evolution to intelligent video processing, based on advancements in image processing, enabling automatic and semi-automatic detection and identification of threat signatures. Video analytics is critical when it comes to human operators. These professionals entail a 24/7 high labor cost and a high rate of overlooked threats. Real-time video analysis of video streams and recorded footage is a need that can hardly be answered effectively by human operators due to manpower costs. Furthermore, human operators’ fatigue and boredom cause a high rate of overlooked events. Western Europe, the largest economy in the world with a 2015 GDP of approximately $22 trillion (vs. the U.S. $17.5 trillion), can invest “whatever it takes” to protect its citizens from the looming jeopardies of mass migration and terrorism. The EU and the rest of the European video security surveillance market for products and services are served by local video and security companies. Even with a preference for locally manufactured products, foreign products can usually strongly compete on the basis of cost-performance. They do not encounter any EU direct trade barriers or quotas. Non-tariff, indirect trade barriers may be the approval process of dual use goods, which include various security market products. This report is a resource for executives with interests in the market. It has been explicitly customized for the security industry and other decision-makers in order to identify business opportunities, developing technologies, market trends and risks, as well as to benchmark business plans. Questions answered in this 238-page report + one* report include: What will the market size and trends be during 2016-2022? Which submarkets provide attractive business opportunities? Who are the decision-makers? What drives the purchase of video surveillance and video analytics products and services? What are the customers looking for? What are the technology & services trends? What is the market SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats)? What are the challenges to market penetration & growth? With 238 Pages, 31 Tables, 49 Figures and 36 Submarkets, the “European Homeland Security & Public Safety Video Surveillance and Video Analytics Markets – 2016-2022” report covers 12 countries and 3 revenue source submarkets, offering for each of them 2015 data and assessments, and 2016-2022 forecasts and analyses. * Customers who purchase a multi-readers license of the report will get the “Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition” report free of charge. Single-reader license customers will get a 50% discount for the Industry report. Why Buy this Report? A. Market data is analyzed via 3 key perspectives: With a highly fragmented market we address the “money trail” – each dollar spent – via the following 3 viewpoints: By 12 Country Markets including: UK France The Netherlands & Belgium Sweden, Norway, Finland & Denmark Germany Austria & Switzerland Italy Spain Poland Hungary & Czech Republic Russia Rest of Europe By 3 Revenue Sources including: Products Sales Revenues After Sale Revenues Including: Maintenance, Service, Upgrades & Refurbishment Other Revenues Including: Planning, Training, Consulting, Contracted Services & Government Funded R&D By 2 Core Technologies: Video Surveillance Video Analytics B. Detailed market analysis frameworks for each of the market sectors, including: Market drivers & inhibitors Business opportunities SWOT analysis Competitive analysis Business environment C. The report discusses directly or indirectly the following current and pipeline technologies: CCTV, Analog Video cameras, Digital Video Camera, Networked Camera, PZT Camera, License Plate Recognition (LPR), Kalman Filters Application to Track Moving Items, Real Time Automatic Alerts Algorithms Online Video Analytics, Object Sorting and ID, Behavioral Analysis, Video Analytic Applications, Video Analytics Architecture Image Segmentation Algorithms Item Tracking, Intelligent CCTV Surveillance Algorithms, Item Identification and Recognition, VA Based Face Recognition, Sorting Actions and Behaviors, Crowd Surveillance, Multi-Camera Intelligent CCTV Surveillance Systems, Remote Threat Identification, Intelligent Video Surveillance System Performance, Distributed Sensors Remote Systems, Remote Biometric Identification, Watch Lists fused VA, Fused VA and Biometrics , Fused Multi-modal VA Biometric Remote People Screening, Intelligent Video Surveillance Tracking, Tag and Track, Wireless Video Analytics, Video Content Analysis Algorithms, Automated Analysis of Video Surveillance Data, Item Detection, Gaussian Mixture Based Background Subtraction Algorithms, Background Subtraction, Item Detection Based on Single-Image Algorithms, Item Tracking Algorithms, Kalman Filtering Techniques, Region Segmentation, Partially Observable Markov Decision Process, “Splitting” Items Algorithms, Dimension Based Items Classifiers, Event Detection Methods, Vision-Based Human Action Recognition, Derived Egomotion, Path Reconstruction Algorithms, Video Cameras Gap Mitigation Algorithms, Networked Cameras Tag and Track Algorithms, Fusion Engines, Event Description Analytics. D. The report includes the following 4 appendices: Appendix A: European Homeland Security & Public Safety Related Product Standards Appendix B: The European Union Challenges and Outlook Appendix C: Europe Migration Crisis & Border Security Appendix D: Abbreviations E. The report addresses over 300 European Homeland Security and Public Safety standards (including links) F. The supplementary* “Homeland Security and Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition” report provides the following insights and analysis of the industry including: The Global Industry 2016 Status Effects of Emerging Technologies on the Industry The Market Trends Vendor – Government Relationship Geopolitical Outlook 2016-2022 The Industry Business Models & Strategies Market Entry Challenges The Industry: Supply-Side & Demand-Side Analysis Market Entry Strategies Price Elasticity Past Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) Events G. The supplementary* “Global Homeland Security and Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition” report provides a May 2016 updated extensive data (including Company Profile, Recent Annual Revenues, Key Executives, Homeland Security and Public Safety Products, and Contact Info.) of the leading 119 Homeland Security and Public Safety Vendors including: 3M 3i-MIND 3VR 3xLOGIC ABB Accenture ACTi Corporation ADT Security Services AeroVironment Inc. Agent Video Intelligence Airbus Defence and Space Alcatel-Lucent (Nokia Group) ALPHAOPEN American Science & Engineering Inc. Anixter Aralia Systems AT&T Inc. Augusta Systems Austal Avigilon Corporation Aware Axis AxxonSoft Ayonix BAE Systems BioEnable Technologies Pvt Ltd BioLink Solutions Boeing Bollinger Shipyards, Inc Bosch Security Systems Bruker Corporation BT Camero Cassidian CelPlan China Security & Surveillance, Inc. Cisco Systems Citilog Cognitec Systems GmbH Computer Network Limited (CNL) Computer Sciences Corporation CrossMatch Diebold DRS Technologies Inc. DVTel Elbit Systems Ltd. Elsag Datamat Emerson Electric Ericsson ESRI FaceFirst Finmeccanica SpA Firetide Fulcrum Biometrics LLC G4S General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. General Dynamics Corporation Getac Technology Corporation Hanwha Techwin Harris Corporation Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hexagon AB Honeywell International Inc. Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd IBM IndigoVision Intel Security IntuVision Inc iOmniscient IPConfigure IPS Intelligent Video Analytics Iris ID Systems, Inc. IriTech Inc. Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. ISS L-3 Security & Detection Systems Leidos, Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation MACROSCOP MDS Mer group Milestone Systems A/S Mirasys Motorola Solutions, Inc. National Instruments NEC Corporation NICE Systems Northrop Grumman Corporation Nuance Communications, Inc. ObjectVideo Panasonic Corporation Pelco Pivot3 Proximex QinetiQ Limited Rapiscan Systems, Inc. Raytheon Rockwell Collins, Inc. Safran S.A. Salient Sciences Schneider Electric SeeTec Siemens Smart China (Holdings) Limited Smiths Detection Inc. Sony Corp. Speech Technology Center Suprema Inc. Synectics Plc Tandu Technologies & Security Systems Ltd Texas Instruments Textron Inc. Thales Group Total Recall Unisys Corporation Verint Vialogy LLC Vigilant Technology Zhejiang Dahua Technology Author ilsPosted on October 26, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Seacoast Reports Third Quarter 2016 EPS Increased 85% on Record Loan Production and Expense Management Next Next post: Organic Parmigiano Reggiano Available From Jade Organics Search for: Search Recent Posts Capgemini Accelerates Global FinTech Initiative to Meet Market Demand for Innovation Turkey says it’s tired of ‘two-faced’ EU attitude Delta Food Industries Will be Presenting the Middle East Hozpitality Excellence Awards 2016 in Dubai HubSpot to Open Second European Office in Berlin, Germany in 2017 Rosewood Hong Kong Will Open in 2018, Adding a Graceful New Landmark to the Famous Harborfront Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Samsung Still Doesn't Know Exact Cause of Samsung Note7 Fires       Samsung Still Doesn't Know Exact Cause of Samsung Note7 Fires     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-10-26 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Samsung still doesn't know the reasons for Note7 smartphone fires; Samsung offers Korean Note7 buyers an upgrade deal as more problems arise; Lenovo unveils notebooks and a desktop with the latest AMD chips; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Microsoft Releases PowerApps and Flow for General Availability DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to release PowerApps and Flow on Nov. 1; Microsoft woos MacBook owners with... PC Makers Continue to Innovate to Jump-Start Weak Sales DAILY VIDEO: PC makers continue to innovate despite a slowing market; Microsoft Office will support... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Samsung Still Doesn't Know Reasons for Note7 Smartphone Fires: Report Samsung Offers Korean Note7 Buyers Upgrade Deal as More Problems Arise Lenovo Unveils Notebooks, Desktop With Latest AMD Chips Intel, ARM Up Competition in IoT with New Chips, More Security       Today's topics include the third recall of Samsung Note7 smartphones, the upgrade deal that Samsung issued to South Korean customers who were affected by the Note7 recalls, the introduction of new Lenovo notebook and desktop computers with the latest AMD chips, and the competition between Intel and ARM to increase their internet of things market share. Even now, Samsung still does not know the exact cause of the more than 100 battery fires and explosions reported in its Note7 smartphones before they were recalled twice since September. The conclusion, in an Oct. 23 article by The Wall Street Journal, states that a laboratory report about "scans of some faulty devices showed a protrusion in Note 7 batteries supplied by Samsung SDI Co., a company affiliate, while phones with batteries from another supplier didn't" show pronounced bulges. The company's executives moved to recall the devices, and then quickly released new supplies of the phones, the story reported. Quickly, though, the new Note7 devices were also experiencing battery fires and explosions, essentially dooming the Samsung flagship smartphone model and the company's replacement strategy. As Samsung continues to work to recover from the Galaxy Note7 battery fires and recall debacle, the company is offering buyers in South Korea a 50 percent discount on a replacement Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge handset, which can then be traded in for free when the upcoming Galaxy S8 or Note8 comes out sometime in 2017. Despite this offer, at least 527 buyers in South Korea have joined a class action lawsuit asking for damages due to the hassles they experienced after purchasing their smartphones. The 50 percent off offer on Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge smartphones was revealed Oct. 24 in a story by Reuters as a move by Samsung to retain customers. At the Canalys Channels Forum in China, AMD officials showed off two new Lenovo commercial notebooks and a desktop PC powered by the chip maker's seventh Generation Pro accelerated processing units (APUs), formerly code-named "Bristol Ridge Pro" and launched in September. The company earlier this month announced that Lenovo and HP Inc., the world's top two PC vendors, would be the first to introduce new systems powered by the chips. HP offers several systems in its Elite 700 Series portfolio, including notebooks, desktops and an all-in-one PC. Now Lenovo is showing off its own AMD-powered systems—the ThinkPad E475 and E575 notebooks and ThinkCentre M715 Tiny desktop. Chip rivals Intel and ARM are making deeper pushes into the increasingly competitive internet of things arena. At the IoT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Oct. 25, Intel officials unveiled the latest iteration of its low-power Atom processors, the E3900 series, which is aimed at IoT applications and comes with greater levels of performance, security, and image and video processing power. At the opening day of the company's TechCon 2016 show in Santa Clara, Calif., ARM officials are rolling out a suite of products—from new chip designs and radio technology to a cloud-based services platform—that they say will deliver greater security, low-power connectivity and efficiency to IoT environments.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
SearchOracle Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchOracle SearchDataManagement SearchBusinessAnalytics SearchSAP SearchSQLServer TheServerSide SearchDataCenter SearchContentManagement SearchFinancialApplications Topic Database design Database Admin View All Cloud infrastructure Availability Backup and recovery Export, import and migration Installation, upgrades and patches Oracle performance problems and tuning Oracle security Oracle DBA tools Error messages MySQL database Real Application Clusters (RAC) Applications View All Enterprise and business performance management Implementing and upgrading Oracle apps E-Business Suite Fusion applications Hyperion JD Edwards (JDE) PeopleSoft Siebel and Oracle CRM Data Mgmt View All BI (business intelligence) Data quality Data warehousing Metadata Database Admin View All Cloud infrastructure Availability Backup and recovery Database design Export, import and migration Installation, upgrades and patches Oracle performance problems and tuning Oracle security Oracle DBA tools Error messages MySQL database Real Application Clusters (RAC) Development View All BPEL in Oracle Open Source SQL Java / J2EE Stored procedures XML PL/SQL Fusion View All Oracle and BEA Application Server Data and application integration SOA (service-oriented architecture) Infrastructure View All Cloud computing infrastructure Exadata and Exalogic Grid computing Oracle on Linux Operating system Oracle hardware decisions Virtual machine Oracle management View All certification Oracle acquisitions Business process management Market analysis DBA jobs training and certification Small businesses Regulatory compliance Outsourcing Oracle on demand and SaaS Oracle strategy and product roadmap Oracle support services Oracle vs. SAP Oracle Web 2.0 Sun-Oracle infrastructure View All Oracle cloud computing Oracle OS Oracle virtualization Topics Archive View All Oracle DBA jobs Oracle Resources Training and certification Tutorials, tips and FAQs Please select a category Applications Data Mgmt Database Admin Development Fusion Infrastructure Oracle management Sun-Oracle infrastructure Section Evaluate News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Oracle IaaS update a 'smart move' to bolster its cloud platforms Jack Vaughan Senior News Writer Related Videos Oracle hybrid cloud offers most likely migration path New Oracle IaaS called 'significant' but faces uphill climb vs. AWS Ellison puts spotlight on Oracle cloud technology, plots IaaS push Oracle cloud services could make inroads with new IaaS, ERP apps + View All Videos Share this item with your network: Infrastructure as a service has not always been first and foremost among its brethren "as a service" elements that have come to comprise cloud computing -- think software as a service and platform as a service. But Oracle IaaS is now seen to be a key part of the database company's quest to become a big-time cloud player. To forward its infrastructure as a service effort, Oracle partnered with Accenture, a company that claims to have more than 52,000 Oracle consultants on board. Accenture is now offering a migration services factory for Oracle IaaS, and managed services for Oracle Public Cloud across SaaS, PaaS and IaaS implementations. Accenture also has opened a database performance lab specifically centered on Oracle IaaS. It appears that Accenture engineers now are working alongside Oracle engineers, Intel engineers and customers to scale the database to perform at top notch on cloud using real-world scenarios. At Oracle Open World 2016, Accenture's Pat Sullivan joined SearchOracle to discuss Accenture's role and Oracle's prospects for IaaS. He agreed that there's a central push these days to ensure that the Oracle database runs at high speed and capacity on the cloud platform. "With the amount of data that is out there today that clients are running on Oracle databases, it's a smart move," said Sullivan, who is global Oracle technology lead at Accenture. "As clients begin to move their infrastructure to the cloud, that database is a key element of all the applications in their environment." Amazon Web Services has staked a claim on the cloud that is hard to ignore. How fast the Oracle database runs on the Oracle cloud could be an important differentiator. Oracle is going to build a cloud for its products and make sure they run there with optimal performance, Sullivan suggested in this video. Watch it and find out more about the course of Oracle cloud efforts. View All Videos Jack Vaughan asks: Is your organization deploying Oracle cloud technology or sticking with on-premises technologies? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Jack Vaughan - 25 Oct 2016 8:00 PM Is your organization deploying Oracle cloud technology or sticking with on-premises technologies? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Data Management Business Analytics SAP SQL Server Java Data Center Content Management Financial Applications SearchDataManagement Data trust gap confronts analytics -- time to open the 'black box' C-suite honchos sign off on analytics tool purchases and then wonder what they've wrought. But data trust can build if ... Following a notion for SQL, architect creates NoSQL data modeling notation Ted Hills, an enterprise architect at LexisNexis and the author of a recent book on NoSQL data modeling, discusses the ins and ... Functionality gaps not stopping Spark usage from growing fast Organizations aren't letting ongoing Apache Spark development, functionality holes or issues deter them from ramping up usage of ... SearchBusinessAnalytics Tableau data visualization software to embrace machine learning The Tableau data visualization tool has always been synonymous with simple analytics, but the company is moving to incorporate ... Big data users share their trying but winning analytics war stories The challenges encountered in deriving business benefits from big data are huge, but so are the rewards. Hadoop and related ... Cognitive computing platform users explain how to get it right In this podcast, we recap some of the advice from early adopters of IBM's cognitive computing system shared at the World of ... SearchSAP SAP HANA Cloud Platform aims to make moving to the cloud easier SAP hopes to increase adoption of SAP HANA Cloud Platform with enhancements that include virtual machines, Ariba gateway, APIs ... SAP BusinessObjects Cloud boasts new innovative analytics enhancements SAP BusinessObjects Cloud now includes a wave of analytics enhancements; SAP Digital Boardroom meets Microsoft Surface; and ... SAP HANA 2 features cloud microservices, geospatial analytics SAP HANA 2 includes enhancements for cloud microservices, data warehousing, support for agile IT development; SAP partners with ... SearchSQLServer Cask framework aims to speed Azure HDInsight data pipeline builds A link between the Cask CDAP environment and Azure HDInsight is meant to cut development time of big data applications. Azure Data Lake Analytics gets boost from U-SQL, a new SQL variant The big data movement has frozen out many data professionals who are versed in SQL. Microsoft's U-SQL programming language tries ... Migrating SQL Server to Microsoft Azure SQL Database as a service Microsoft Azure SQL Database compatibility problems disappeared in V12, clearing the path for a SQL database migration to the ... TheServerSide DOES16 keynotes quantify the benefits of a DevOps transition At the DevOps Enterprise Summit 2016, Tripwire founder Gene Kim stated his case on why every organization should embark upon a ... How Target improved software delivery by adopting DevOps processes At the 2016 DevOps Enterprise Summit, Target's Heather Mickman describes the many ways the adoption of DevOps processes improved ... How Agile transformations are sparked by successful DevOps adoption Tasktop's Mik Kersten discusses how successful DevOps adoption projects often lead to large Agile transformations. SearchDataCenter How an IoT deployment reshapes network and storage management Data center admins need to know the unique network and storage requirements that come with an IoT deployment, and evolve their IT... Building a disaster recovery architecture with cloud and colocation Creating a robust disaster recovery plan is no small task for IT teams. Explore how cloud and colocation can bolster an ... Undock your data center management strategy with mobile apps As mobile technology improves, smartphone apps for IT administration help data center managers monitor and troubleshoot ... SearchContentManagement Microsoft Teams takes aim at Slack Microsoft's new collaboration tool makes sense for Office 365 customers, but it would be a tough sell for companies using a ... Five SharePoint 2016 Feature Pack 1 updates to watch Feature Pack 1 for SharePoint 2016 makes running hybrid content management a bit easier with tools that work across SharePoint ... Does the Episerver Digital Experience Cloud fit your WCM needs? Episerver Digital Experience Cloud offers users a responsive design-based web content management platform with tools for creating... SearchFinancialApplications Report underscores workforce management tools as essentials of HCM A study of workforce management software by Nucleus Research evaluates vendors on elements such as worker scheduling, mobile, ... Why your company needs the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard If you think Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard is just for merchants, think again. Here's why virtually every company ... Blockchain use cases evoke hope, skepticism for savvy C-suite leaders Many in the financial space -- not to mention other areas -- are pinning high hopes on Blockchain, a type of distributed ledger ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2003 - 2016, TechTarget Close
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BestPS4Games SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAbuse GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Operating Systems and Platforms/ Windows 10/ Microsoft Reveals $3,000 Surface Studio AIO PC Microsoft Reveals $3,000 Surface Studio AIO PC By Chloe Albanesius October 26, 2016 10 Comments The Studio sports a 28-inch touch-screen display that Microsoft says is the 'thinnest LCD monitor ever built.' As expected, Microsoft today unveiled a Windows 10 all-in-one desktop, dubbed the Surface Studio. The Studio sports a 28-inch "PixelSense" touch-screen display that Microsoft says is the "thinnest LCD monitor ever built" at 12.5mm thick. Redmond touted the AIO's 13.5 million pixels (63 percent more than a 4K TV, Microsoft says) and 3:2 aspect ratio for 192 pixels per inch. The top configuration runs a quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, a 2TB Rapid Hybrid Drive, and Nvidia GeForce GTX 980M graphics. There is an array of ports, including audio, SD, Mini DP, Ethernet, and USB 3.0, plus a power cord out the back. The Studio is intended to "turn your desk into a studio," Microsoft's Panos Panay said during a Wednesday Microsoft event in New York City. The device is on a hinge, so you can push it down and draw on the touch screen with the Surface Pen, or manipulate it with the palm-sized, portable Surface Dial. The Dial, Panay says, is a "new form of input" that essentially lets you more quickly access things on the screen: scroll through a pile of documents, zoom in or out, or turn down the brightness on your screen, for example. According to Panay, it will also work with other Surface products, like the Book and Pro 4. The Surface Pen comes with the Surface Studio, but the Dial does not. You can pre-order one for $99 beginning today in the US through Microsoft Stores, MicrosoftStore.com, select Best Buy locations and at BestBuy.com; it arrives November 10. If you buy a Surface Studio before Dec. 1, however, via Microsoft's website or a Microsoft Store, you'll get a free Dial, while supplies last. The Surface Studio is available for pre-order today, starting at $2,999 for a 1TB SSD running a sixth-gen Core i5, 8GB of RAM and a 2GB GPU. The top-of-the-line 2TB Studio with an Intel Core i7, 32GB of RAM, and a 4GB GPU will set you back $4,199. Look for it to arrive in "limited quantities" this holiday season; the Microsoft website currently has a Dec. 15 release date. If that's too pricey, you can check it out at Microsoft Stores, starting tomorrow. The Studio, Panay says, is for "anyone who wants to replace multiple monitors." It "truly brings out the creator in all of us," he says. Microsoft is also giving last year's Surface Book a performance boost. The Surface Book i7 gets a chip upgrade thanks to Intel's Core processor, as well as 2x more graphics power than its predecessor. Panay teased a "full thermal redesign of the product" that allows for more batteries that will keep the Surface Book i7 alive for up to 16 hours. "It's for the people really pushing performance," he said. Pre-orders begin today, starting at $2,399, and the device arrives in November. For more, check out PCMag's hands on. Also today, Microsoft teased a spring "Creators Update" for Windows 10. Back to top Previous : Watch Live: Microsoft's October Windows Event By Chloe Albanesius Executive Editor, News & Features Chloe Albanesius has been with PCMag.com since April 2007, most recently as Executive Editor for News and Features. Prior to that, she worked for a year covering financial IT on Wall Street for Incisive Media. From 2002 to 2005, Chloe covered technology policy for The National Journal's Technology Daily in Washington, DC. She has held internships at NBC's Meet the Press, washingtonpost.com, the Tate Gallery press office in London, Roll Call, and Congressional Quarterly. She graduated with a bachelor's degree in journalism from American University... More » More Stories by Chloe Clinton vs. Trump: Where They Stand on Technology While neither candidate is exactly a tech genius, they do have some ideas on issues concerning the i... More » #RIPVine: Our Favorite 6-Second Videos Some of us spent last night in a Vine rabbit hole thanks to #RIPVine; these are our favorites. More » Facebook Adds Snapchat-Like 'Masks' for Live Video If you're camera shy, the social network is also adding some Halloween "reactions. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More //Best VOIP Software... RingCentral Office Broadvoice Cloud PBX Vonage Business //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Anthem Magazine Archives Search Search for: Richard Armitage Blows His Cover The star of Berlin Station on the “extraordinary everyman,” his directing ambitions, and the espionage series’ possible second season. Text: Kee Chang Images: Reto Sterchi Posted: 15 October, 2016 Richard Armitage at The London Hotel in New York City. Richard Armitage at The London Hotel in New York City. Prev|Next I was up for the part of Pennywise. There’s probably an audition tape floating around of me naked going crazy. Categories Film Tags BERLIN STATION, CHRISTOPH SCHREWE, GIUSEPPE CAPOTONDI, J. R. R. TOLKIEN, JOHN DAVID COLES, JOSHUA MARSTON, MICHAËL R. ROSKAM, MICHELLE FORBES, OLEN STEINHAUER, RHYS IFANS, RICHARD ARMITAGE, RICHARD JENKINS, THE HOBBIT You Might Also Like This Course: James Ransone Q&A with the Dardenne Brothers “I was up for the part of Pennywise,” Richard Armitage playfully recalls. “There’s probably an audition tape floating around of me naked going crazy.” The 45-year-old Brit is of course talking about the one terrifying sewer-dwelling clown, and Andrés Muschietti’s It, a new film adaptation of the Stephen King novel set for a 2017 release. Bill Skarsgård—Alexander’s 26-year-old brother and one of Stellan’s several stallions—has since assumed the role, but more perilous to us, this revelation came to light after we’d wrapped the interview and, frankly, that’s all we have to go on. Armitage is actually here to discuss his leading role on EPIX’s original series Berlin Station, an espionage thriller created by spy novelist Olen Steinhauer. He plays Daniel Miller, a CIA analyst tasked with an undercover operation to track down one Thomas Shaw, a Edward Snowden-like whistleblower who’s leaking some of the CIA’s juiciest Intel. Armitage, who’s perhaps most widely known for playing dwarf leader Thorin in The Hobbit trilogy, slips easily into this extraordinary everyman part with coiled intensity, making Daniel a convincing desk jockey-cum-field agent. Going with the digital reality of launching new shows in the cluttered marketplace of today, Berlin Station has already released its two first episodes—embedded below—ahead of its linear debut. Berlin Station makes its premiere this Sunday, October 16 at 9 PM ET/PT on EPIX. I didn’t realize until after watching the first two episodes of Berlin Station that Michaël Roskam directed those. It was a real “holy shit!” moment because, obviously, “Bullhead.” How lucky, right? That was one of the main things that kind of pulled me to the show. Looking over the script, I was trying to find a really current, relevant, political, and action-based thriller. It’s kind of exactly what I was looking for, but I was still hesitant. I just didn’t know because it was the one script there. But as soon as I heard that Michaël was directing it, I was like, “Yeah, okay,” and got on the phone with him. That got the ball rolling. He was a big catalyst for me. When you saw the first finished episode, how did that line up with what you had imagined? It was really different, actually. We spent a long time, probably through all of the ten episodes, not really knowing what show we were in, which I think is a good thing. I feel like these characters are in such an uncertain world. It feels like they’re skating on thin ice the whole entire time. I was kind of glad that I didn’t know the tone of the show and the look of the show. I hadn’t seen a single moment of footage right until the very end—in single stills. So when I saw the first cut, I was like, “Okay, so it’s really not what I thought it was gonna be. It’s taking its time. It’s feeling these stories out with good time.” I thought it was gonna be a much choppier edit, but I’m glad it isn’t. I’m glad that the narrative is there to be pieced together, rather than it sort of slamming into you. You mentioned there being only one script when you boarded. When you sign on for the entire ride, so to speak, do you think you would’ve benefitted from knowing the season arc? Sometimes, yes, sometimes, no. It doesn’t always help, actually. For instance, The Hobbit was of course totally different because I was an avid Lord of the Rings fan already. I was a Tolkien fanatic so I kind of knew the universe that I was stepping into. Being aware of that was good because I was able to then play against the stereotypical idea of what that world is like. But that’s just perspective, too. It’s still a surprise to me that I was ever cast as [Thorin in The Hobbit], although I understand why. It’s weird, isn’t it? Because until I saw myself on film, I never realized that I’m quite big. We don’t see ourselves in the same way. It always shocks me when I see myself on film like, “I’m quite taller than that person” or “I’m quite broader than that person.” Again, it’s another thing that I’m kind of glad that I’m not aware of because I want to be able to play anything. When you first read the script for Berlin Station, what stuck out to you most about Daniel? I was interested in the excavation of Daniel’s history and the past he had in West Germany with his father and the loss of his mother. It’s not something that carries through in the narrative, but it shapes him as a character. The idea of me being European and playing an American who’s a patriot was interesting. He’s a patriot working for the CIA, the epitome of patriotism. The CIA will potentially become fractured and floored, and you’re seeing a patriot struggling with that. Also, Daniel is not a superhero. He’s an ordinary guy struggling with extraordinary circumstances. He doesn’t actually come with a great skill set. He’s unlike other characters out there because sometimes you’re like, “They’re a genius!” or “They’re amazing with guns!” or “They run a marathon, so they can chase down criminals!” This is just a regular guy if you look at the core of it. The characters, and by extension the actors obviously, are very watchable on this show. Thank you very much! It was important for me as an actor to be curious about the world that I was coming into. I had to bring that curiosity to Daniel because we’re going to be watching these people through his eyes, which is sort of that lightness of touch. Daniel has a gentle fascination with these people. The study and psychoanalysis of all his opponents and his colleagues is gentle. You went into production with this show last November if I recall. We were in Germany for five months. It was lovely when we got there, just as all the festive stuff was starting up. Then we went into that bleak period of January and February, and the temperature hit -14°. It got tough. Then, as we were leaving, the leaves were coming out. You see that shift in the seasons throughout the ten episodes. It was a great experience to see that put on film. Germany is so festive and beautiful during that time of the year. The only other place I’ve felt that kind of merriment was growing up in Minnesota. I’ve never been to Berlin, though. Berlin is one of the most incredible cities. We talk about this a lot. It’s a whole character on the show. These characters all wear masks and they all put on different personas in order to function in the environments they’re going into. I feel that Berlin as a city is the same. It’s been through so many periods of strife: The Weimar Republic in the 20s, the First World War, the Second World War, the Stasi through the 60s, the fall of the Wall in ’89, and the modern Berlin, which is this very forward-looking futuristic city. It just has so many kinds of identities. We captured all of its different personas on the show. It’s there in the architecture and it’s there in the people. Were you the first person on the ensemble to sign on? No. But I had this script for a while. I had been sniffing around some of the other characters, actually. I looked at Hector first [now played by Rhys Ifans]. They got Richard Jenkins first, I think, before Rhys and Michelle Forbes came on. I think I was the fourth one to the party. Of course when you see that cast come together, you sign on the dotted line. Who doesn’t want to be in a scene with Rhys or Richard or Michelle? It’s one of the things that I loved so much about it. It’s a cast of over-forty year olds. We really like each other. There’s real chemistry between all the characters and so much potential to come back and do it all over again. I hope we’re lucky enough to get a second season. It would be really exciting to go back to Berlin with these people. The Man in the High Castle didn’t get green-lit for two until well after season one ended. I’m optimistic. But I don’t know if Daniel will make it to season two because we shot two endings. I don’t know how this will end. But the potential is there. They’re putting fuel in the tank. Did they let you direct any of the episodes? They sometimes let actors do that on TV. No, I wish! God! [Laughs] I think I’d have to earn my stars in order to do that. We had five feature directors who came in: Michaël Roskam, Giuseppe Capotondi, Christoph Schrewe, Joshua Marston, and John David Coles. Superb directors. It was one of the best things about it. With the second season, we’re going to fight really hard to get some female directors in as well. And Richard Armitage. [Laughs] Season nine. But the interest is there. I have an appetite for it, for sure. I would be way in over my head. I would have to put in a lot of studies. I wouldn’t know how to start, but I would know what I want and don’t want. I think I would be a really great actor’s director and get good performances out. 3 Comments Post a comment Click here to cancel reply. * * * Required Field Newsletter Signup About Contributors
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream Announcing the 2016 class of ‘Women of the Year’ Governor says TOPS cuts have ‘failed’ Louisiana’s students Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease Gulf states getting nearly $370M for 24 restoration projects Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group AT&T launches ultra-fast internet service in New Orleans area Louisiana startup hubs get nearly $1 million in federal grants Ochsner to hire 75 percent of its medical assistant program grads Port of New Orleans mulls rail shuttle to alleviate congestion Entergy, Edwards tout $1M workforce development grant New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Money / US stocks slip; real estate falls and banks climb US stocks slip; real estate falls and banks climb By: The Associated Press October 26, 2016 0 After a brief rally, U.S. stocks are again turning mostly lower Wednesday afternoon as real estate companies skid. Apple is sliding after its latest results failed to impress investors, pulling technology stocks down with it. Health care stocks are falling while banks and industrial companies inch higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 46 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,215 as of 3:20 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,140. The Nasdaq composite shed 31 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,252. WATCHING AND WAITING: Stocks haven’t made many big moves the last two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November’s election. APPLE CORED: Apple sank $3.05, or 2.6 percent, to $115.20 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from iPhone sales and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, along with Alphabet and Intel, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. MALLS MAULED: Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.51, or 4.3 percent, to $188.76. Office space company Boston Properties lost $2.61, or 2.1 percent, to $122.72 after investors were disappointed by its forecasts. CATCHING A CHILL: Drugmaker Merck gave up its gains from the day before and fell $1.19, or 1.9 percent, to $60.76. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $17.99, or 15.8 percent, to $95.70. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $14.17, or 10.2 percent, to $124.24 following a disappointing report. THE QUOTE: Wren said investors don’t care that much if corporate earnings rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. BANKS: Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 42 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $10.61 and insurer Chubb rose $4.49, or 3.7 percent, to $126.94. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. BOEING GETS GOING: Boeing made its biggest jump since the beginning of 2015. The stock jumped $6.80, or 4.9 percent, to $145.82 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing is responsible for almost all of the Dow’s gains. Other industrial companies like Northrop Grumman and Ingersoll-Rand also climbed. SNACK ATTACK: Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.74, or 4.1 percent, to $44.50. OIL: The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. CHIPOTLE GETS GRILLED: Mexican food chain Chipotle continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares that started last year. Its sales fell for the fourth quarter in a row and were worse than analysts expected. The stock lost $38.67, or 9.5 percent, to $367, its lowest price in three years. FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS: Southwest Airlines gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft” while its spending grew. The stock lost $3.53, or 8.4 percent, to $38.42. Other airlines including American and United also traded lower. MYLAN MISERY: Drugmaker Mylan fell after investors learned that an allergy injection that competes with Mylan’s EpiPen shot will go back on sale in 2017. Kaleo Pharmaceuticals’ Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, and EpiPen hasn’t had direct competition since then. Over the last few months Mylan has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. Mylan stock lost 79 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $37.89 and it’s down 22 percent since mid-August. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: Gold fell $7 to $1,266.60 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $17.63 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.15 a pound. CURRENCIES: The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0906 from $1.0892. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8 percent while Germany’s DAX lost 0.4 percent and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Dow Jones US Stocks 3:03 pm Wed, October 26, 2016 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Dow Jones US Stocks Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Trucking company settles discrimination case with Sikhs November 15, 2016 Report: Tulane grad on Supreme Court short list November 14, 2016 Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit November 14, 2016 Money Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream November 15, 2016 Trustmark to buy Alabama’s Reliance Bank for $25.6 million November 15, 2016 Tech Talk AT&T launches ultra-fast internet service in New Orleans area November 15, 2016 Louisiana startup hubs get nearly $1 million in federal grants November 15, 2016 New technology lab headed to Algiers November 14, 2016 Ports & Transportation Port of New Orleans mulls rail shuttle to alleviate congestion November 15, 2016 Trucking company settles discrimination case with Sikhs November 15, 2016 AAA predicting biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years November 15, 2016 Drill Bits Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group November 15, 2016 Entergy, Edwards tout $1M workforce development grant November 15, 2016 Oil pipeline protests planned nationwide November 15, 2016 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Governor says TOPS cuts have ‘failed’ Louisiana’s students Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease Gulf states getting nearly $370M for 24 restoration projects Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2016 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Microsoft unveils new desktop computer and Windows 10 update DINA BASS AND JING CAO Last updated 08:28, October 27 2016 Reuters Panos Panay, corporate vice president for Surface Computing holds the new Microsoft Surface Studio computer. Microsoft introduced an all-in-one desktop personal computer and previewed an update to Windows 10 software that focuses on new creative features for designers of virtual and augmented reality programs. The new PC, called Surface Studio, has a 28-inch display with what Microsoft says is the thinnest LCD screen ever and an Intel Core I7 processor. It will cost US$2,999. The Windows update, scheduled to roll out next year, will be free to current Windows 10 users and will include tools to invent and share 3-D objects, said Microsoft Windows chief Terry Myerson at an event in New York. With the PC market in the doldrums and consumers increasingly expecting their operating systems for free, Microsoft is trying to juice Windows sales by offering tools to help users be more creative, playing in particular to its early start in augmented reality, where 3-D objects can be overlaid on what can be seen in real life. With the creative focus in the new Windows version, Microsoft is aiming for a group that has historically been fertile ground for Apple. "We are the company that stands for the builders, the makers, the creators," said Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella. The larger, sleeker look of the Surface Studio, whose monitor has a hinge that can move, is intended to showcase new creative features and provide high-quality design experiences, with 13.5 million pixels of resolution and the widest variety of colours, according to Microsoft. The PC's screen can be pushed down so it can be written on like a flat tablet or drawing desk. It also has a dial controller that can be placed on the screen and used to change drawing colours. Microsoft also introduced a new Surface Book laptop, with 30 per cent more battery life and better performance than the previous model. It costs US$2399. Reuters Journalists use a new dial as they inspect examples of the new Microsoft Surface Studio computer. The tech giant said it will bring the 3-D features to its most popular apps within the next year. Once created, objects can also be viewed using Microsoft's augmented reality HoloLens goggles or a variety of virtual reality headsets. Partners like Lenovo, HP, Dell, and Acer will create virtual reality goggles for use with Windows 10, Microsoft said. With the software update, gamers using Windows 10 PCs or the Xbox console will be able to livestream their play directly without using a third-party platform such as Twitch. Viewers can comment and provide suggestions using preset commands. Xbox Live players will also be able to create custom sports tournaments. Early versions of the new update will be released to customers who have signed up to preview new software this week. Ad Feedback  - Bloomberg Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Gadgets story: Google adds digital whiteboard to expanding device lineup Technology Homepage Comments technology headlines Prepare to be disrupted, futurists warn An optimist on the future of energy Facebook blocks fake news ads Bug sending phone data to China Google app digitises old photos Video calling comes to WhatsApp Facebook a careless media company Super Mario hits iOS on Dec 16 Live: 7.8 New Zealand quake Apple eyeing smart glasses Twitter to thwart cyber-bullying Sleeping woman burnt by iPhone PS4 Pro: Hands on review Consumer drone market slumps Review: Watch Dogs 2 Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Earthquake: Response teams gather in Kaikoura Weta 'IT geek' captures Wellington tsunami surge after earthquake rocks New Zealand Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Famous seal breeding ground destroyed by quake A big surprise in the quake zone Kaikoura's raised seabed an opportunity to see geology in action Wellington: What you need to know - Wednesday Famous seal breeding ground destroyed by quake Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Earthquake: Response teams gather in Kaikoura Kaikoura's raised seabed an opportunity to see geology in action Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Divers and volunteers band together to save stranded shellfish and sea life Pictures of rescued quake cows released special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
HHW Facebook HHW Twitter HHW YouTube HHW Instagram     Features Video News Wired Tracks Politics Bangin Candy Certified Fresh Robert Longfellow Music Sports Politics ALL The “Blacks For Trump” Guy Thinks Obama Is The Antichrist News, Politics   » by Robert Longfellow Oct 26 2016, 3:01pm Share This Tweet This Email This The Trump campaign will take whoever they can in their ranks. Case in point, the guy seen holding up a “Blacks For Trump” sign is part of cult that thinks Barack Obama is the antichrist.  Michael The Black Man, this is what he goes by, was seen holding the aformentioned sign at a Trump rally in Florida yesterday (Oct. 25), and his whole life sounds like headassery. No shots. Reports Daily Intel: A former member of the murderous Yahweh ben Yahweh cult, Michael has found himself with front-row seats to several recent Trump events in South Florida, always waving his “Blacks for Trump” sign and wearing a shirt that says “Trump & Republicans Are Not Racist.” At Tuesday’s rally in Sanford, Trump took notice. “I love the signs behind me. Blacks for Trump. I like those signs. Blacks for Trump. You watch. You watch. Those signs are great,” he said. … This success with the GOP is a credit to Michael’s fervent anti-Obama stance, which is less about policy than Michael’s belief that the president, whom he calls “The Beast,” is the Antichrist whose rise was foretold in the Bible. Not that he doesn’t disapprove of Obama’s policies, too. Michael told the Miami New Times that he believes the president’s backing of child support could bring about the extinction of the free black man. Oh yeah, Michael The Black Man also believes Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are card-carrying members of the Illuminati. .@realDonaldTrump praises "Blacks for Trump" signs at FL rally: "Blacks for Trump. You watch. You watch." https://t.co/nbcZRDpXl9 — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 25, 2016 — Photo: screen cap Comments: 0 Tags: donald trump Share This Tweet This Email This Leave a Comment Wired VideosHip-Hop Collectors: Check Out Larry “Nuface” Compton’s Insane Tape Collection #DontShoot Report Ohio Cop Was Wearing Confederate Flag T-Shirt Under His Uniform When He Killed Unarmed Black Man #AlfredOlango California Cops Fatally Shoot Mentally Disabled Man That Witnesses Say Had His Hands Up You Can’t Be Serious: Cop Who Killed Paul O’Neal Feared He Was Unarmed, Told ‘Don’t Worry, He Was In A Hot Car’ BOSSIP Exclusive: Will.I.Am Talks Black Lives Matter And Racism In America At Pre-ESPY Event [VIDEO] Houston Police Shoot And Kill Another Black Man, Alva Braziel [Video] White Suspect Held In Connection To Shooting Death Of Iowa Cops NYPD Commish Says It “Failed” Mentally Ill Black Woman After Killing Her Former VA Cop Gets Prison Time For Killing Unarmed Black Teen Ben And Jerry’s: “All Lives Won’t Matter Until Black Lives Matter” San Diego County Cops Shoot & Kill Unarmed Black Man Alfred Olango Charles Kinsey: “Why Did You Shoot Me?” Cop: “I Don’t Know” Bahamas Issues Travel Warning For Its Citizens Traveling To U.S. Lawyer Of Cop Who Killed Philando Castile Says He Reacted To Gun, Not Race “I Wanted Everyone In The World To See What The Police Do” Diamond “Lavish” Reynolds Is Out Of Jail And Wants Justice Baton Rogue Police Kill Black Man, #AltonSterling For Selling CDs What Would You Do If You Were Asked To Sign A Bridesmaids Contract Not To Change Your Appearance Before A Friend’s Wedding? 15 Foods To Eat If You Catch Too Many Colds About That Exit Plan: How Long Is Too Long To Wait For A Ring? This Is Why It’s Tough To Make Friends As An Adult How I Made It: Beauty Expert Camara Aunique Talks Building Her Empire     Home About HHW Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact RSS Feed Hip-Hop Wired delivers daily hip-hop music news, videos and streaming tracks from your favorite rap artists, plus the latest political and fashion news—including the hottest sneakers to hit the street. Copyright © 2009-2015 HipHopWired®. All Rights Reserved. (Archive, Sitemap)
null
On The Cover Sign In Subscribe Men's Journal Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Nat'l Day of Adventure Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book Editor's Picks 24 Gift Ideas for Home Bartenders DeAndre Levy: The Most Interesting Man in the NFL What's an Ultramarathon Like? Before and After Shots Study: Drinking Beer Helps Maintain Your Good Cholesterol How Garrett McNamara Recovered From the Wipeout of a Lifetime Who Will Lead Trump's Department of the Interior? The Current Picks Dwayne Johnson is 'People' Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Arnold Schwarzenegger: "Republicans and Democrats Have to Live in This World Together" SPIES Unbreakable Code: Chasing an Intelligence Specialist Gone Rogue By  Yudhijit Bhattacharjee On the morning of the first Monday in December 2000, FBI Special Agent Steven Carr hurried out of his cubicle at the bureau’s Washington, D.C. field office and bounded down two flights of stairs to pick up a package that had just arrived by FedEX from FBI New York. Carr was 38 years old, of medium build, with blue eyes and a handsome face. He was thoughtful and intense, meticulous in his work, driven by a sense of patriotic duty inherited from his father — who served in World War II — and his maternal and paternal grandfathers — who both fought in World War I. Because of his aptitude for deduction and his intellectual doggedness, he’d been assigned to counterintelligence within a year after coming to the FBI in 1995. Carr laid out the contents of the package in front of him: a sheaf of papers running into a few dozen pages. They were from three envelopes that had been handed to FBI New York by a confidential informant at the Libyan consulate in New York. The envelopes had been individually mailed to the consulate by an unknown sender. Breathlessly, Carr thumbed through the sheets. Based on directions sent from New York, he was able to sort the papers into three sets corresponding to the three envelopes. All three had an identical cover sheet, at the top of which was a warning in all caps. “THIS LETTER CONTAINS SENSITIVE INFORMATION.” Below, it read, in part: “This letter is confidential and directed to your President or Intelligence Chief. Please pass this letter via diplomatic pouch and do not discuss the existence of this letter in your offices or homes or via any electronic means. If you do not follow these instructions the existence of this letter and its contents may be detected and collected by U.S. intelligence agencies.” In the first envelope was a four-page letter with 149 lines of typed text consisting of letters and numbers. The second envelope included instructions on how to decode the letter. The third envelope included two sets of code sheets. One set contained a list of ciphers. The other, running to six pages, listed dozens of words along with their encoded abbreviations: a system commonly known as brevity codes. Together, the two sets were meant to serve as the key for the decryption. Carr flipped through the letter, skimming the alphanumeric sequence. It looked like gibberish, like text you might get if you left a curious monkey in front of a keyboard. There was no way to make sense of it without the code sheets and the decoding instructions. By mailing the three separately, the sender had sought to secure the communication against the possibility that one envelope might get intercepted by a U.S. intelligence agency. Carr saw that the sender had included a message in typed, plain text in each envelope, informing the consulate of the other two envelopes in the mail and instructing the receiver of the message to place a car ad in the Washington Post if any of the other envelopes failed to arrive. The sender had not anticipated that all three envelopes could fall into the FBI’s hands. FBI New York had already decoded a few lines of the letter. Carr’s pulse quickened further as he read the deciphered text. “I am a Middle East North African analyst for the Central Intelligence Agency. I am willing to commit espionage against the U.S. by providing your country with highly classified information. I have a top secret clearance and have access to documents of all of the U.S. intelligence agencies, National Security Agency (NSA), Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), Central Command (CENTCOM) as well as smaller agencies.” To prove that this wasn’t a bluff, the sender had included in all three envelopes an identical set of government documents, 23 pages in all, some marked “CLASSIFIED SECRET,” some “CLASSIFIED TOP SECRET.” Most of them were aerial images taken by U.S. spy satellites, showing military sites in the Middle East and other parts of the world: air defense systems, weapons depots, munitions factories, underground bunkers. Some of the documents were intelligence reports about regimes and militaries in the Middle East. It was evident from the markings on these images and reports that they had been printed after being downloaded from Intel Link, a classified network of servers that constituted the intelligence community’s Internet. There were some additional documents. One was a monthly newsletter of the CIA, circulated internally among agency employees. Another was the table of contents of the Joint Service Tactical Exploitation of National Systems, a classified manual to help the U.S. warfighter take advantage of the country’s reconnaissance satellites and other intelligence-gathering technologies. The manual had been compromised before by another spy — an NSA cryptologist named David Sheldon Boone, who had sold it to the Soviet Union a decade earlier. In the years since, as the United States reconnaissance capabilities had evolved, the manual had been updated a number of times. The table of contents the sender had included in the package were from the manual’s most recent version. It would be valuable even to an adversary already in possession of the JTENS that Boone had given away. Also among the documents were aerial photographs of Gaddafi’s yacht in the Mediterranean Ocean. They had been taken from a low-flying aircraft deployed not by the United States but by a foreign intelligence service. How the sender of the package could have acquired them was unclear. Carr studied the pages in stunned silence, oblivious to the comings and goings of colleagues around him. He had never seen anything like this before. Since joining the squad, he had followed up on dozens of letters tipping the FBI off to potential espionage. Most came from anonymous sources at U.S. intelligence agencies accusing a co-worker or colleague of being a spy. Rarely did such “point and pin” letters lead to the discovery of a real threat: more often than not, they turned out to be a case of erroneous judgment by the tipster, or a case of bitter workplace jealousy. What Carr had in front of him seemed anything but a false alarm. The sender of the envelopes was no doubt a bona fide member of the U.S. intelligence community, with access to “top secret” documents, intent on establishing a clandestine relationship with a foreign intelligence service. The person had, in fact, already committed espionage by giving classified information to an enemy country. Carr might as well have been looking at a warning sign for a national security threat flashing in neon red. Despite his excitement, Carr filed the sheets neatly into a binder before stepping into his supervisor’s office. “Lydia,” he said, sliding the binder across her desk. “You have to look at this.” Jechorek leafed through the pages. A short-haired, bespectacled woman in her early 50s, her quiet manner belied a tough-as-nails personality. She had gotten hooked to law enforcement early in life; joining her father — a police officer — on surveillance runs and drawing sketches of murder suspects while still a sophomore in high school. Now a veteran of counterintelligence, Jechorek was best known for having led the FBI’s investigation of Jonathan Pollard, the spy who was caught selling U.S. secrets to Israel in the '80s. Carr explained to her why FBI New York had couriered the pages to Washington. In the portion of the coded letter that agents in New York had deciphered, they had found an email address the sender wanted to use for further communication. With special permission from the U.S. Attorney General, the nation’s top law enforcement official, the agents asked the email service provider to let them pry into the account: jacobscall@mail.com. They discovered that the account had been created four months earlier, on August 3, using Internet access from a public library in Prince George’s County, Maryland. In the account registration, the user had identified himself as “Steven Jacobs,” having a residential address in Alexandria, Virginia. The account had been accessed half a dozen times from public libraries around Washington, D.C. There were no emails in the account except for test messages the person had sent to himself, and a reply from the Fraud Bureau in response to an inquiry he had made about an online company that sold fake IDs. From the accesses, the New York agents were certain that the individual lived somewhere in the greater Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. “What are we going to do?” Jechorek asked, the urgency in her tone mirroring Carr’s. It was imperative that the FBI find this person as quickly as possible. Perhaps it was already too late. Carr showed her a matrix of clues he’d built from his gleaning of the pages. The system of brevity codes the sender had used — along with the concern for operational security — pointed to somebody with a military background. That surmise was founded on Carr’s own experience in the military: before coming to the FBI, he had spent 11 years in the U.S. Army and the National Guard, where he had used brevity codes in training exercises to communicate with fellow troops. In Carr’s estimation, the sender of the envelopes likely had a more sophisticated knowledge of cryptology than just brevity codes. He had a “top secret” security clearance, which was marginally helpful, since it reduced the potential suspect pool from a few hundred thousand workers in the U.S. intelligence community who have a “secret” security clearance to a more limited population, on the order of tens of thousands, with the higher level of clearance. He also had access to Intel Link. And he was likely married, with children, as evidenced by a line in the letter, stating: “If I commit espionage, I will be putting myself and family at great risk.” There was one other thing: The man was a terrible speller. Scanning the six pages of brevity codes, Carr spotted one misspelled word after another. The sender had evidently put this codebook together by first printing out the typed letter in plaintext, then cutting out individual words and pasting them alongside abbreviations that he’d printed out separately on other sheets. Carr could deduce that because the words didn’t line up perfectly with the individual abbreviations. But the disorderliness in alignment was hardly as glaring as the misspellings, though. Here was a person who had gone to great lengths to accomplish “op sec,” but failed to run a basic spellcheck. For the moment, though, Carr was focused on another set of clues: the locations of the public libraries the sender had accessed the jacobscall email account from. He’d marked them with pins on a large map of the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. The pins were clustered in and around the towns of Bowie and Crofton in Maryland. The intelligence agency in closest proximity was the National Security Agency. Located in Fort Meade, Maryland, the NSA has thousands of military employees, many with a background in cryptology, many with homes in the towns of Bowie and Crofton. Carr’s hunch was that the mole was likely from within the NSA’s ranks, even though he’d introduced himself as a CIA analyst. That line — and the CIA newsletter in the materials he had sent — was possibly a red herring. “We need to call Mac,” Carr said. Jechorek picked up the phone and dialed Robert McCaslin, the head of counterintelligence at the NSA. “Hello,” McCaslin answered. An old-timer in counterintelligence circles, he spoke with the deep authoritative voice of someone who’s not used to being challenged. “I’d like to come over to talk to you about an important matter,” Jechorek said. “I’m really busy right now,” he replied. “The earliest we can do it is tomorrow.” Jechorek, who didn’t know McCaslin too well, was reluctant to press him further. She hung up. “What did he say?” Carr asked her. “He says he can’t see us until tomorrow.” “Tomorrow? You got to call him back.” Jechorek studied the binder for a few moments. Then she reached for the phone and punched “redial.” “Hi, Lydia,” McCaslin answered, tersely. “We are coming to see you right now,” Jechorek said. Her tone was polite but firm. McCaslin knew at once that this couldn’t wait. “Ok, we’ll clear our schedule,” he said.   From THE SPY WHO COULDN'T SPELL: A Dyslexic Traitor, an Unbreakable Code, and the FBI's Hunt for America's Stolen Secrets by Yudhijit Bhattacharjee, to be published on November 1 by New American Library, an imprint of Penguin Publishing Group, a division of Penguin Random House LLC. Copyright © 2016 by Yudhijit Bhattacharjee. Add a Comment Sign Up for the Men's Journal Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. Men's Journal delivers it all so you can savor the journey— as much as the destination Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Men's Journal 2016 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap Don't have an Men's Journal account? Sign up here. Sign In Register here for Men's Journal. Already a member? Click here. Login With Facebook! Login With Google+! - or - Create An Account Here! Register
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Microsoft Hands-on Tech Microsoft’s new Surface Book looks very much like the old one New, 29 comments by Tom Warren@tomwarren Oct 26, 2016, 2:14pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Microsoft surprised everyone with a refresh of its Surface Book today, but it's not a design overhaul at all. At an event in New York City this morning, I got a chance to get a closer look at the new Surface Book, and it looks very much like the same model from last year. Microsoft's big reason for refreshing the Surface Book is to give it more battery life and an Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M GPU. Microsoft is claiming up to 16 hours of battery life in total, thanks to more space for the battery itself and a redesigned cooling system. That makes it slightly heavier and slightly thicker than the original, at 3.63 pounds compared to 3.48 pounds for the original model. Unfortunately, it doesn't have Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors inside, so it seems like we'll be waiting for a rumored Surface Book 2 until those appear. Grid View Microsoft Surface Book (2016) hands-on photos During my brief hands-on with the device, I could barely notice the difference between the two. The updated model looks like it has more shallow keys because the base is slightly thicker, but Microsoft tells me they're the same and while they felt slightly different it wasn't noticeable after typing for a few moments. It was impossible to notice the extra weight, too. It feels just like the same model from last year. Other than the keyboard, the only other visual change is that Microsoft has shrunk the gap between the keyboard and the display. That might help with lint and other dust getting onto the keys when it's closed in a bag. Microsoft really introduced this new Surface Book as a way to refresh the internals with more graphics power, and battery life. If you've been holding off on a Surface Book then this latest model makes a lot of sense if you need raw power. Unfortunately, it won't be cheap. The updated Surface Book will be available on November 10th with 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB configurations for $2,399, $2,799, and $3,299, respectively. Update, 5:15PM ET: article updated with information on Surface Book gap reduction. Microsoft introduces the new Surface Book More From The Verge Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network China's right: smartphones are a big reason Trump can't win a trade war Donald Trump is about to control the most powerful surveillance machine in history A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been Predicting Westworld: so it’s Lost Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Top 3 things announced at Microsoft’s Windows 10 and Surface event 3 by Mehedi Hassan  @mehedih_ Oct 26, 2016 at 18:12 GMT3 weeks ago Microsoft’s big Windows 10 and Surface event happened today in New York City. At the event, Microsoft announced a handful of new things for Windows 10, as well as Surface. Here are the top 5 things announced at Microsoft’s Windows 10 and Surface event: Surface Studio At the event, Microsoft introduced its new Surface product: the Surface Studio. Microsoft’s Surface Studio is the ultimate all-in-one device, with a 28-inch 4.5K PixelSense display which can produce over a billion possible colors and includes a 3:2 aspect ratio. The device, of course, includes a touch display and users can take advantage of the touch display when they collapse the kickstand which makes the Surface Studio really compelling. Under the hoods, there is a quad-core Intel’s Skylake Core i7 processor, GTX 980M, up to 32GB of RAM, up to 2TB of SSD, and much more. Surface Studio comes with a keyboard, and a mouse — additionally, Microsoft is selling an ergonomic keyboard for the Studio as well. Lastly, Microsoft is selling a new type of accessory called the Surface Dial which allows users to quickly access shortcuts while working on apps such as Photoshop. You can pre-order the Surface Studio here. Windows 10 Creators Update The next major update for Windows 10 was also revealed at the event today. The upcoming for Windows 10 is being called the “Creators Update” and it’ll be released in early 2017 to all Windows 10 users for free. The Creators Update for Windows 10 will bring a new Paint 3D app that will allow users to create in 3D and share them with the community. More importantly, the Windows 10 Creators Update will introduce a new feature called MyPeople. This feature allows you to quickly access and interact with your favourite people right from the taskbar on your Windows 10 PC. For example, you will be able to quickly share a file with one of your favourites contacts right from the taskbar on Windows 10 just by dragging and dropping the file. Additionally, you will be able to start a Skype conversation or write a new email right from the taskbar on Windows 10. The Creators Update will also introduce a new Windows Defender app which includes a much better user interface and offers a refreshed experience for Windows 10 users. Another major feature coming with the Creators Update is the ability to pick up where you left from other devices and an improved user interface for Action Center. Here is a video showing off the upcoming features in action: Surface Book i7 As rumoured, Microsoft has updated the Surface Book to include a lot more power. The company today introduced the new Surface Book i7, which comes with Intel’s Core i7 processors. Unfortunately though, it is still sporting Intel’s Skylake processors, meaning that you won’t be getting Intel’s latest and greatest processors with the Surface Book i7. However, the new Surface Book also includes twice the graphics processing power as the original Surface Book, 30% more battery life, and an improved thermal system. The new Surface Book i7 is available for pre-order at $2,399 and you can pre-order one here. These are just 3 of the most important things announced at the Microsoft event today. Alongside these announcements, Microsoft announced a couple of other things at the event — so here’s quick round-up of the whole event: If you are interested, you can find everything Microsoft announced at the event here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related microsoft October 26 surface book Surface Book i7 Surface Studio windows 10 Windows 10 Creators Update Windows 10 Event Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Microsoft’s Surface Dial will be compatible with the Surface Pro 3, Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book Samsung Galaxy S8 could feature an optical fingerprint scanner Microsoft’s Surface Book i7 available in Canada for pre-order starting at $3,129 Rose Behar October 26, 2016 1:12pm Microsoft’s newest addition to the Surface Book line, the Surface Book i7, is now available to pre-order via Microsoft’s Canadian online store starting at $3,129 CAD for the 256GB model. The other two variants come in at 512GB and 1TB of internal storage, and retail for $3,629 and $4,379 respectively. All versions of the Surface come equipped with Intel’s Core i7 processor. The 256GB model features 8GB of RAM, while iterations with more internal storage carry 16GB of RAM. The new laptop-tablet hybrid is available for pre-order immediately, and is set to be released on November 11th, 2016. The new Surface Book is also getting a power boost thanks to its new processor, which Microsoft states allows the device to operate at speeds twice that of the current 13-inch MacBook Pro. The laptop-tablet hybrid also gains a 2x graphics boost over its predecessor thanks to the the inclusion of Nvidia’s GeForce GTX 965M GPU graphics card. Related: Microsoft announces new Surface Book i7 with major graphics boost Victor Omg so sad that at this price point they couldn’t include a gtx 1060 instead of an old 965 T-T No way I am willing to pay over 3k for old tech XD Eric Rabell You can get two Titan X(p)’s and build yourself a really powerful rig for 3000$ thas ★ If someone is considering a Surface Book they likely aren’t in the market for a custom desktop. John W “Honey, cash in the RRSP’s I need to go pick up my new 13″ laptop that i am going to play space invaders with” JoMore You couldn’t be more wrong Johnny! They’re going to use it for soooooooo much more… Like Facebook, cat videos on YouTube and occasional email. John W How dare i forget about the cat videos Patrick Polish Don’t forget watching Alec Baldwin as Trump on SNL. Because you can’t just watch it once… Mahesh Agrawal Don’t forget the questionable x-rated browsing it would be used for. Laer That would be ~3x the cost of my surface pro 3. Seems to me this is a message? Not even sensible businesses will be buying at this price point… And still no USB-c/thunderbolt external graphics options? Mr_Smoosh At those prices I can’t afford to *not* get one! Poda +1^ I’ll take 2 before they are sold out Mr Dog Your paying for quality, these things will last you 5 years and still have plenty of life left. Might just require a battery swap. The Iceman Cometh True. It it’s still an outrageous price tag. You shouldn’t need to pay this much for a device to last 5 years or more. $2500 CDN tops Mr Dog Yeah, but the Canadian dollar is partly to blame. It’s about $2200 USD, on par with Macs. Eric Rabell Even a Razer Blade is cheaper… Mr_Smoosh Any piece of tech can last you five years if you’re willing to/ able to live with it for that long. My ‘old’ i7 desktop is about 5 years old, but I’ve swapped the video card 3 times. Can’t do that with this laptop. First Google, now MS. Seems the new cool is driving for that apple tax price scheme. Mr Dog That is true. What I meant was, it’s not one of those $500 laptops that will conk out after a year and require multiple warranty trips. Mr_Smoosh Fair enough, you are certainly right about low end crap. Unfortunately, outside of Toronto, I don’t know of any MS stores to offer the same level of support that apple has. There’s none here in Ottawa anyway. John W My 250$ 11 inch laptop is 5 years old and it still watches youtube and runs Excel just as well as anything… I think this is Way beyond paying for longevity Mr Dog My $1000 13in laptop is 6 years old and is still capable of development and 3D design quiet fluently. Someone who just needs to watch YouTube and use excel is not going to buy a 3k laptop. But point taken. mwahahahaha Oh Yeah? Well my $2 key chain is 15 years old and still capable of holding my keys. Eat that!! John W For sure you are correct. I do a lot of 3d design as well and would like to have one of these, but for anything intensive that may actually use the capabilities of the device, a screen that size would be less then desirable imo. ronnnyraygun1 Gee, do we get a free blowie from Madonna with each purchase too? kmanvan That price point is insanity. James Microsoft states allows the device to operate at speeds twice that of the MacBook Pro 13 It’s also twice the price of the Macbook Pro, which is also getting a refresh later this week, so these claims won’t hold true. vn33 I’m not in the 1%, so If I drop over 3K for a computer, I better be generating income with it. Otherwise, it will be a luxury I can ill-afford! Jonah Emery I have a base model Surface Book. Completely changed how I do work. Haven’t been able to say that since I first got a Blackberry. Brian Stock What sort of work do you do? I’ve thought about getting a convertible tablet/laptop of these as a notebook / engineering scratchpad, but the Book is a bit overspecced for my needs. MeHow Only $3.400 and $4.400? Somebody has lost contact with planet Earth for God’s sake… ? Do Do I do, but not for one with Window (SPYWARE) 10. hunkyleepickle The new razer blade starts at 2500$ CAD 16gb ram, gtx 1060…..what is microsoft smoking these days? Pierre-André Bergeron CRAZY!!!!! Who is going to by this? Swizzlerz very very hot device! as in sexy purdy44 Nope. Give me a Razer Blade with external graphics via Thunderbolt Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact News MTN SA names new technology chief World Snapchat files for IPO Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Surface Studio: Microsoft’s stunning new PC Microsoft introduced an all-in-one desktop personal computer and previewed an update to Windows 10 software that focuses on new creative features for designers of virtual and augmented reality programs. By Dina Bass and Jing Cao. Added by Agency Staff on 26 October 2016. Saved under News, Top Tags: Microsoft, Satya Nadella, Terry Myerson Tweet Microsoft Surface Studio Microsoft introduced an all-in-one desktop personal computer and previewed an update to Windows 10 software that focuses on new creative features for designers of virtual and augmented reality programs. The new PC, called Surface Studio, has a 28-inch display with what Microsoft says is the thinnest LCD screen ever and an Intel Core i7 processor. It will cost US$2 999 (about R42 000 before import duties and other taxes). “We want it to transform the way you create and think about creating,” said Panos Panay, Microsoft’s vice-president for devices. “It’s kind of built to pull you in.” The Windows update, scheduled to roll out in the southern hemisphere autumn, will be free to current Windows 10 users and will include tools to invent and share 3D objects, said Microsoft Windows chief Terry Myerson at an event in New York. With the PC market in the doldrums and consumers increasingly expecting their operating systems for free, Microsoft is trying to juice Windows sales by offering tools to help users be more creative, playing in particular to its early start in augmented reality, where 3D objects can be overlaid on what can be seen in real life. With the creative focus in the new Windows version, Microsoft is aiming for a group that has historically been fertile ground for Apple. “We are the company that stands for the builders, the makers, the creators,” said Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. The larger, sleeker look of the Surface Studio, whose monitor has a hinge that can move, is intended to showcase new creative features and provide high-quality design experiences, with 13,5m pixels of resolution and the widest variety of colours, according to Microsoft. The PC’s screen can be pushed down so it can be written on like a flat tablet or drawing desk. It also has a dial controller that can be placed on the screen and used to change drawing colours. Microsoft also introduced a new Surface Book laptop, with 30% more battery life and better performance than the previous model. It costs $2 399 and can be pre-ordered now for November delivery. The Redmond, Washington-based tech giant said it will bring the 3D features to its most popular apps within the next year. Once created, objects can also be viewed using Microsoft’s augmented reality HoloLens goggles or a variety of virtual reality headsets. Partners like Lenovo, HP, Dell, Asustek and Acer will create virtual reality goggles for use with Windows 10, Microsoft said. With the software update, gamers using Windows 10 PCs or the Xbox console will be able to live-stream their play directly without using a third-party platform such as Amazon.com’s Twitch. Viewers can comment and provide suggestions using preset commands. Xbox Live players will also be able to create custom sports tournaments. Early versions of the new update will be released to customers who have signed up to preview new software this week.  — (c) 2016 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 13Social media analysis pointing to Trump upset 10Brian Molefe quits as Eskom CEO 9Vodacom to launch VOD platform 9New ICT BEE code comes into force 8Trouble brewing in Android land Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Bivio Networks Boosts Cyber Security Application Platform Performance to 100 Gbps Bivio 8596 expands network security application performance and consolidation capabilities on scalable carrier-grade platform News provided by Bivio Networks, Inc. Oct 26, 2016, 12:45 ET Share this article PLEASANTON, Calif., Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Bivio Networks, Inc. (Bivio), a developer of innovative, high-performance network security platform solutions for federal and commercial network operators and large enterprise customers, today announced that the performance of the Bivio 8000i Series Advanced Cyber Security Platform has been increased to deliver up to 100 Gbps application processing bandwidth. The new platform, named the Bivio 8596, further extends the processing performance of the company's line of award-winning high performance programmable cyber security platforms. "Our customers continue to require the highest performance platforms to process the cyber security applications on their networks," said Keith Glover, president, Bivio Networks. "The performance boost available with the Bivio 8596 further extends the scalability of the platform, and guarantees that mission-critical applications continue to function with sufficient bandwidth, even with increases in network traffic." Continue Reading The Bivio 8000i Series is a family of carrier-grade, packet processing systems that are flexible, scalable and fully programmable delivering up to 100 Gbps cyber security application performance. Bivio 8000i Series platforms are fully programmable systems that deliver the highest available network throughput for any Linux-based networking applications with minimal porting effort. The carrier-grade platforms are built on a field-proven system architecture which includes multiple Application Processor Cards (APCs) with multi-core Intel® processors, a high-speed switch and backplane fabric that maintains separation of the network payload and management traffic, high-capacity solid-state disk (SSD) drives and configurable network interface options. The increased performance level is also available for installed B8000i platforms as a field upgrade, enhancing Bivio customers' investment in Bivio 8000i platforms. The field upgrade is achieved by installing additional APCs in the system chassis and updating the BiviOS software on the system. Bivio Professional Services and Support Engineers are available to assist customers with the upgrade to their systems. Secure and Robust Environment for Cyber Security Application Consolidation Bivio's industry-leading cyber security application processing is achieved with BiviOS™, a patented packet acceleration and application environment that is fully integrated with the standard Linux libraries. Using this implementation, the application does not need to be modified with any system details – it only needs to invoke the standard Linux network traffic and packet handling mechanisms. This compatibility delivers significant performance improvements over server-class appliances for open source Linux applications such as SNORT®, Suricata, Bro, Argus, YAF, nProbe, TCPdump, as well as other commercial and proprietary software. The flagship Bivio 8596 platform model also features exclusive multi-application support for both inline and passive modes of operation. Rather than relying on virtualization or sequential chaining, the Bivio 8596 uses an efficient and unique host infrastructure to enable running multiple cyber applications in parallel, with all applications simultaneously accessing the same network traffic. This capability allows cyber teams to easily consolidate applications and tools on a single platform to improve network security posture, eliminating the cost and complexity of managing multiple disparate systems. Pricing and Availability Contact the Bivio sales team at sales@bivio.net for pricing and availability. About Bivio Networks Founded in 2000, Bivio Networks is dedicated to providing leading networking products that enable government agencies and service providers to control, monitor and secure critical network infrastructure. A leader in cyber intelligence, cyber security and network control solutions, Bivio has deployed its products in a wide range of environments. Bivio's global customer base includes leading defense department and intelligence agencies, service providers and enterprises. Bivio is privately-held and is headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area. Visit www.bivio.net. Red Hat and Red Hat Enterprise Linux are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Media contact: Greg Kopchinski Bivio Networks, Inc. 925-924-8600 info@bivio.net Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161026/432769   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bivio-networks-boosts-cyber-security-application-platform-performance-to-100-gbps-300351683.html SOURCE Bivio Networks, Inc. Related Links http://www.bivio.net Nov 17, 2015, 07:00 ET Preview: Bivio Networks Introduces Industry's Most Compact 10 Gbps Cyber Security Application Platform My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Bivio Networks Boosts Cyber Security Application Platform Performance to 100 Gbps News provided by Bivio Networks, Inc. Oct 26, 2016, 12:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search CFMS launches new supercomputer at opening ceremony   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Supercomputer * Hpc * Advanced Engineering By Industry: * TechnologyBRISTOL, U.K. - Oct. 26, 2016 - PRLog -- The Centre for Modelling & Simulation (CFMS), a specialist in high value design capability has announced the availability of its new supercomputer at an opening ceremony, held 25th October 2016. Announced in June 2016, CFMS awarded the contract for the refresh of its high performance computing infrastructure to Cray Inc, a global leader in supercomputing. The new system consists of a Cray® CS400 cluster supercomputer, utilising Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 v4 product family formerly codenamed "Broadwell" with a parallel storage system provided by ArcaStream. Also included are NVIDIA Tesla® Graphical Processing Unit (GPU) accelerators used to accelerate applications, which will provide customers with faster response times and enhanced performance levels for demanding computational tasks. Up to five times more powerful than the previous system, industry organisations including Rolls-Royce and Airbus use the CFMS High Performance Computing (HPC) cluster for research and methods development, which underpins simulation-based design activities. Undertaking a collaborative role, CFMS acts as an interface between industry, academia and technology organisations, offering access to advanced simulation expertise and technologies that enable companies to accelerate product development and engineering design capability. Sam Paice, Chief Operating Officer, "With an evolution in engineering design taking place, we are welcoming a new era, one where advanced simulation takes centre stage, accelerating product development and differentiation, while enabling technological advantages and business growth. We are pleased to announce the availability of the new supercomputing cluster at CFMS." "Cray is proud to be working with CFMS to deliver on its commitment to high value design capability. The CS400 system selected will provide the computational resources for CFMS's user community, which will lead to greater efficiencies in engineering design that Cray is privileged to be associated with" Dominik Ulmer, VP Business Operations EMEA at Cray, said. CFMS operate across a number of sectors including aerospace and defence, automotive, civil engineering and renewable energy. Access to the new system is open to companies large and small. To enquire about system access, click here (Mailto:info@cfms.org.uk). About CFMS The Centre for Modelling & Simulation (CFMS) is proud to be a growing, independent and not-for-profit organisation that specialises in high value design capability. We promote advanced modelling and simulation, underpinned by HPC, pushing the boundaries of technology. Through our exceptional, collaborative, virtual and physical facility, we enable the adoption and acceleration of new technologies for advanced modelling and simulation, while improving learning and developing awareness of state-of-the-art. Engaging with organisations large and small, we help to provide access to the right tools, resources, skills and technologies, resulting in increased productivity and faster, more informed decision-making. As a trusted and neutral provider, our vision is to drive a practical revolution in engineering capability and design, working with organisations to reduce risk in the design phase, product development costs and time to market. For further information about how CFMS can help your business, view the brochure here, (http://cfms.org.uk/about-us/overview-brochure/) call 0117 906 1100 or email info@cfms.org.uk. Media Contact Alison Little: e: alison.little@cfms.org.uk, t: 0117 906 1100 Contact CFMS Alison Little ***@cfms.org.uk End Source : CFMS » Follow Email : ***@cfms.org.uk Listed Under- Tags : Supercomputer, Hpc, Advanced Engineering Industry : Technology Location : Bristol - Bristol - United Kingdom Subject : Services A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse CFMS PRs UK solar car racing team signs CFMS as sponsor, accessing Cray supercomputer for car design mode Minister for Industry and Energy visits Bristol and Bath Science Park CFMS appoints new Chief Technology Officer CFMS to lead Future Engineering System Research Project The Centre for Modelling & Simulation (CFMS) selects Cray for next generation HPC platform  Trending News Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 Long Island African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc. Announces Web Launch and Networking Soiree Topps Signs Derek Jeter to an Autographed Trading Card Deal for the First Time in Over a Decade FindingAssistedLiving.com expands into Central Florida and Cleve Loveland is now FAL Approved Vendor Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Top Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Top Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. long read The Surface Studio Story: How Microsoft Reimagined The Desktop PC For Creativity A 28-inch screen, a very special hinge, and a new type of input device add up to an experience conceived with artists and designers in mind. 01 /06 The new Surface Dial can be used to select from a color wheel in illustration apps like Sketchable. 02 /06 Mental Canvas founder and CEO Julie Dorsey (left), and Mental Canvas designer Sydney Shea. 03 /06 An early prototype of the Surface Studio. 04 /06 Microsoft scientist Stevie Bathiche demonstrates an early touchscreen invention. 05 /06 Microsoft’s Applied Sciences Group is experimenting with creating writing surfaces of different textures. 06 /06 Industrial designer Kait Schoeck and industrial designer Tim Escolin explain a model of the Studio's hinge movement. Slide Show: 6 images [Photos: Brian Smale] Mark Sullivan 10.26.16 12:30 PM "Lean on it!" Panos Panay, Microsoft's hardware chief, is gesturing toward the company's newest Surface device. Confused, I ask him what he means. "Lean on it!," he repeats. I don't want to do it—after all, busting a new computer during an interview is bad optics. So he does it himself. Panay slouches over the 28-inch display of the new Surface Studio desktop PC with his left arm cradling the workspace on the screen in front of him. The display stays put. Moments before, he had grabbed the top of the display and pulled it downward from its upright position until its bottom rested on the desktop in front of us and the rest angled backward to a 20 degree angle above the table. It kneeled. That 20 degree angle, it turns out, is the same angle illustrators like to position their sketch pads. In effect, the whole screen—a touch screen, mind you—turned into a digital drafting table. Microsoft's Panos Panay gets up close and personal with the Surface Studio The Surface Studio, which starts at $3,000 and goes up to $4,200 for a fully loaded version, isn’t targeted at average desktop users. Microsoft named it "Studio" because it’s aimed at giving creative types like designers, engineers, architects, and illustrators all the tools and power they need to practice their craft as well as perform everyday computing tasks such as email and web browsing, all in one place. With this desktop machine, Microsoft took many of the features, design themes, and materials from the Surface tablets and the Surface Book laptop and applied them to a machine for the desktop—the first one it's ever designed and marketed. Like other Surfaces the Studio uses the pressure-sensitive Surface Pen as an input device. (The Studio's version is similar to the one that shipped with the Surface Pro 4, but with some upgraded electronics.) The Studio's other input device is an optional rotary dial that sits directly on the touchscreen and calls up contextual menus, which the display situates around its base. The Dial, as it's called, is a prime example of Microsoft's effort to blend real-world experiences with digital ones in the interest of helping creative types stay in the zone. Microsoft's Surface Studio[Photo: courtesy of Microsoft] "What we wanted to do with this product is take you from being the most productive person to the most creative person, and bring them as close together as you can possibly could be," Panay says. "That when you went to your desk, your desk was transformed into a studio—it was the thing you wanted to get back to." Panay oversaw development of all previous Surface devices and in 2015 was given control of engineering for other Microsoft hardware, including HoloLens, Xbox, and phones. An energetic, bearded 40-something, he can be a little intense at times. And he sometimes lapses into a Steve Jobsian "Isn't this magical?" patter. But you get the feeling that it's all coming from a good place. He believes deeply in the products the Surface group is building, and in the ways the machines pull real creativity and productivity out of users. What, Another Desktop PC? I'd come to Building 87 on Microsoft's huge Redmond, Washington campus to see a new Surface machine, but I’d been told little about it. When the device was lifted up from under a conference table by Surface Studio product lead Pete Kyriacou, my first reaction was, "Does the world really need another all-in-one PC?" The category is already well established and popular, represented most prominently by Apple's iMac, which pioneered it. Panay tells me he doesn't like to call the Studio an all-in-one, and I see his point. With its kneeling display, and pen and Dial input devices, the Studio seriously stretches the definitional limits of the term. When I saw the lengths to which his team had gone to put all the tools creatives need close at hand, I started to see how the Studio could be a real alternative to the Apple computers long considered the default choice by designers and artists. Surface Studio: The Specs And Prices Based on the release timing of the last few Surface tablets, it was reasonable to expect the next one, the Surface Pro 5, to be announced at the company's October 26th event in New York City. Instead, we're getting a desktop PC for creatives. (The Surface Pro 5 is in the works and will launch next year, says a source with knowledge of Microsoft’s plans.) Microsoft is taking preorders for the Studio starting today and says it will ship in limited quantities by the holiday season; broader availability at Microsoft Stores and select Best Buy locations will follow in early 2017. And, really, a desktop PC for creatives isn't a complete surprise. Last year's Surface Book was aimed at designers and power users, and started at an imposing $1,500 at launch. In fact, the Surface line as a whole has been shifting toward the high end, as the Surface Pro found its market and the lower-priced, less-powerful Surface RT and Surface 3 failed to set the world on fire. Scuttlebutt about the Surface Studio, and even its internal code name, "Cardinal," had been swirling through the rumor sites for months. A 2015 patent for a "modular computing device" showing the exact outlines of the new machine showed up last winter. But as I would soon find out, the patent sketches and rumors didn’t tell the whole story—not even close. Microsoft's Ralf Groene and Kait Schoeck in their Industrial Design lab The Display As Drawing Board The Surface Studio consists of a low-profile base unit that sits on the desktop and houses the guts of the computer. Those components include Intel’s core i7 processor, a powerful Nvidia graphics processor, and a pair of stereo speakers, and the PC uses three fans and a heat pipe to keep it all cool. As Panay steps through these features, the included mouse and keyboard are sitting there, but he says nothing of them. He wants to talk about the display. A two-armed chrome hinge extends from the base to hold up the 28-inch display, which is only 12.5 millimeters thick. When the display is in its kneeling position, it completely hides the base and the chrome arms of the hinge. "The role of the display is to re-create the things you see in real life as accurately as possible." When Panay leans on the 13-pound display, the arms of the hinge behind it seem to have no trouble with the weight pressing down on it. I hear no creaks or groans. Nor does the display wiggle around. This is crucial for designers and illustrators drawing exacting lines on the touch screen, and a design concern that makers of conventional all-in-ones don't have to worry about. Senior mechanical engineer Robyn McGlaughlin explains to me that the chrome hinge is loaded with 11 springs that work together to create a fixed range of motion between the upright display position we’re used to on the desktop, and the 20-degree drawing-board mode. The user can position the display at any point between those two extremes. As the hinge moves downward from its upright extreme it begins rotating the display upward until it reaches the 20 degree position at the bottom of the range. A prototype version of the Surface Studio hinge Ralf Groene, who leads Industrial Design for the Microsoft Devices group, says that he believes users will use the drawing-board display position for detailed work, then use the upright position to get perspective. "I have this awesome picture of Matisse where he works on this huge piece and then he steps back from the canvas," he says. "You do this in your work, when you are working on the detail. . . working on this little solution here and then you step back to see how it fits within the whole—we all do this." Microsoft industrial designer Kait Schoeck (who is, incidentally, one of the inventors of the Surface Book's unique hinge mechanism) tells me how the display positions fit into her workflow. "I do my normal CAD, fast sketching, whatever, [in sketchpad mode]," she says. "And then kind of prop it up and zoom back and do little tweaks here and there." Kait Schoeck at work on a Surface Studio Not About The Megapixels You'd expect that a $3,000 computer for artists and designers would have a retina-class display, and the Studio does. But making the pixels imperceptibly small wasn't the only challenge. "The role of the display is ... to re-create the things you see in real life on the screen as accurately as possible," says Stevie Bathiche, a 19-year Microsoft veteran whose title is "Distinguished Scientist/Director of Research, Applied Sciences Group." As you might guess, he has a big brain. He’s also a personable guy, tall and gangly with slightly out-of-control black hair. He talks fast, but, it seems to me, not quite fast enough to keep up with his brain. Bathiche says that the strategy for building the display was to get it tuned perfectly with the operating system and apps, rather than going for spec records. Perhaps the most striking example of this optimization was when the Surface team decided to make the display true-to-scale, so that a character in 12-point font on the screen would be exactly the same size as the same character printed out on paper. An 8.5-by-11 piece of paper held up to the screen matches perfectly the size of its digital cohort—a major benefit for designers creating stuff that will eventually end up in print. Microsoft researcher and display guru Stevie Bathiche When Bathiche and his team were working out the specifications for the Studio monitor, Apple had recently released a 27-inch iMac with a 5K display. "I had the option to very easily beat Apple without really doing anything in resolution," Bathiche said. "So I went to Panos and said ‘we can beat Apple by a megapixel, or we can do a true-to-scale display.'" Panay and Bathiche agreed that true-to-scale trumps bragging rights. But the screen resolution and dimensions had to work out just right mathematically to make it all work. This started with a hard requirement that the display’s have 192 dots per inch (DPI), because it made it possible for Windows 10's scaling software to work out the number of pixels necessary to display text and objects in their actual size on the display. That key number then dictated some of the other key specs, such as the screen's diagonal measurement of 28.165 inches. The Studio display ended up having 4.5K resolution versus Apple’s 5K. "That gives us 13.5 million pixels, which is a million and a half less than Apple, but more than enough to make the pixels disappear," Bathiche explains. "I’m trading off this tiny bit of resolution that doesn't matter at all." When I stared closely at the Studio display, I could see no pixilation. And the clarity and color depth is as good as anything I’ve seen on a screen that size. How the Surface Studio's hinge works The Disappearing Computer During my Microsoft visit, I heard the Surface Studio's inventors say over and over that they wanted to make a piece of hardware that brings creators up close and personal with their work. They like to talk about the theme of "floating pixels," meaning that the person using the machine is engaged with the touch screen, and everything else on the machine stays out of the way, or better yet, disappears. This sounded familiar—it’s a mantra repeated by Steve Jobs when Apple introduced the iPad. I also heard a lot of talk about tight and elegant integration of software and hardware, another big Apple theme from way back. Apple may have embraced these themes long ago, but both seem very relevant at Microsoft at this point in its history, as it takes on the challenge of building great hardware to run its operating system. "Part of the philosophy is that the computer creates a stage for software, and we keep everything else quiet," Groene says. Panos Panay gives the Surface Studio display a push, as Pete Kyriacou observes Groene and his industrial design team did a lot to achieve that. There’s almost no bezel around the screen, and no "chin" or "forehead" of black space below and above the display. The base unit and the chrome hinge hide behind the display when it's in drawing board mode. The squarish base unit sits squat on the desktop, its outside surface nondescript (but not ugly) and almost completely devoid of details. A narrow groove runs around the machine just below its top edge; it contains small cooling vents, which were a problem for the designers because they created something to look at. "We have a machine that paints the groove inside here and reduces the contrast that you have between the holes," Groene tells me. "And [senior industrial designer Tim Escolin] spent weeks with many trips to China making sure that the color is absolutely right and we get everything quiet." All of these things have a cumulative effect. The base says "nothing to see here" so well that the eye just moves on. Same strategy with the chrome arms that hold up the display. The designers decided to use chrome so the arms camouflage themselves by reflecting the environment around them. And that’s about the best a piece of metal can do to disappear. The Suface Dial Dialing It In As Panay continues his conference-room demo, he produces a small aluminum alloy dial—about the size of a large tuner knob on an old stereo receiver—and puts it smack down on the touchscreen, which is then in drawing board mode. The touch screen immediately produces a circular menu around the physical perimeter of the dial. Then he starts turning the dial. By highlighting various menu items, he switches between various modes and functions of the app on the screen. I hear the word "whoa" come out of my mouth. This was the Surface Dial, a totally new concept to me—if not altogether without precedent. It provides users with an outboard, tactile controller for navigation and selection that would normally be done digitally by tapping on the touch screen. It has a rubbery material on its bottom so it doesn’t slide off (or damage) the Studio’s touch screen. While a mouse’s specialty is pointing, the Dial is designed for scrolling and moving quickly through menus. The Surface Dial, as seen with the StaffPad music app "The vision for a long time when Pete and I were designing this product was connecting digital and analog worlds, and to continue to blend them until everything digital starts to feel analog," Panay says. "The idea that I can put something on the screen and watch it start to come to life, and this theory that you can blend these two worlds is a pretty impactful one." The Dial can be used on the physical desktop or on the touch screen of the Studio, but it’s when the user has the Dial up on the screen in one hand and is using the Surface Pen with the other that the Studio really sings. Back over in Industrial Design, Kait Schoeck sits in a tall drafting chair sketching in the Sketchable app. She has the Pen in her right hand and uses the her left hand to change ink colors and adjust stroke thicknesses with the Dial, which is sitting on the touch screen, in her left. All I see on the screen is a continuous line that keeps getting thicker and narrower and changing color. She tells me she gets so engrossed in sketching or designing on the Studio that the hours pass quickly. Microsoft will launch the Studio with just seven app developer partners that have created custom on-screen Dial controls in their apps. They are: the CAD app NX (Siemens), the PDF navigation app Bluebeam Revu (Bluebeam), the PDF markup app Drawboard PDF (Drawboard), the illustration app Sketchable (Silicon Benders), the 3D sketch app Mental Canvas (Mental Canvas), the music composition app StaffPad (StaffPad), and the animation app Moho 12 (Smith Micro Software). The developers used an API Microsoft quietly released in August with the Anniversary Edition of Windows 10 to create the Dial controls. Note that big-name apps such as Photoshop and AutoCAD are not included in that list. Microsoft says it’s now talking to or working with a number of larger developers—including Adobe for Photoshop—that plan to add deeper Dial menus and controls to their apps next year. StaffPad app on the Surface Studio The apps I saw that already have Dial integration use it to keep users locked in on their work rather than fumbling around with app controls. The device is especially handy in apps that use timelines, like music and animation apps. In StaffPad, for example, the Dial lets the music composer move forward and backward in a piece of music, changing notes here and there, all the while hearing the changes in the music through the Studio’s speakers. The Dial's arrival is the fulfillment of a very long-standing dream of Microsoft's. StaffPad also wanted to radically simplify navigation by putting many of the most-used tasks, such as play and pause, in a single menu around the Dial. In one of the wilder uses I saw, a composer can pick up the Dial and use it like a rubber stamp on the touch screen to paste oft-used figures to various points on the timeline. The coolest app I saw running on the Studio with Dial was a 3D illustration app called Mental Canvas. It’s a bit hard to describe, but it helps users make 2D drawings into 3D experiences by mathematically working out the 3D perspectives of objects. Mental Canvas is the brainchild of a Yale professor named Julie Dorsey, who says that the Studio’s display, pen, and Dial make it the perfect machine for her software. It uses the same general layout and some of the same tools you see in other illustration apps—color wheel, layering, pen settings, etc.—but rather than using a menu around the Dial on the touch screen to switch between modes and tools, the user just moves the Dial near a mode button at the bottom of the screen to go into that mode. This is a big click saver and can help keep the user focused on the work and not on the software. "There was this kind of confluence of pen technology, and multi-touch through the tablet and so on, that all made the timing for this particular technology just right," Dorsey says of the Studio. "It’s really like the device. When I saw this I was elated." The Dial can be used to do some basic functions in third-party apps without requiring the developer to do any integration work. That’s because the Windows team at Microsoft built a number of Dial functions into Windows 10. These include things like selecting, scrolling, or zooming. For instance, it will work for undo/redo and zoom in Photoshop, no work required on Adobe's part. Users can also use it in Windows 10 apps such as the Edge browser and Maps. The Surface Studio and Dial work so well together that it seems like an odd decision on Microsoft's part not to have bundled them. Instead, the Dial is a $99 add-on, sold separately. (Microsoft is throwing in a free Dial for anyone who pre-orders a Studio from Microsoft or Best Buy before December 1, however.) The Dial also works with other PCs that run Windows 10 Anniversary Edition, but only the Studio lets users place the Dial directly on the screen. Annotating a map with the Surface Pen The Surface Dial's arrival is the fulfillment of a very long-standing dream of Microsoft's, dating all the way back to the Surface table computer that the company released with much hoopla in 2007. (It didn't take off and eventually gave up its name to the Surface tablet line.) For that project, Bathiche's team used infrared cameras that could detect objects placed on the Surface's, well, surface—such as a board game with real pieces. "The whole point was that we wanted to have physical objects interacting with digital objects," Bathiche says. Now the Dial does just that, in a way that enhances the Surface Studio's emphasis on creative productivity. Seeya, Cintiq? In some ways, the Surface Studio's biggest competitor isn't any Mac, but rather Wacom's Cintiq, the pen-and-touch digital display popular with many designers and illustrators. A current model with HD, touch, pen and a comparably sized screen—the 27QHD touch—costs $2,800. That's not including the cost of a Windows PC or Mac needed to drive the device. The Studio combines a digital sketchpad and computing functions in one device. "We want to remove all these things around your desk that you think you need to work on, including papers, including a Cintiq or some other thing you were writing on, including any other device that might be on your desktop," says Panay. "I don’t want to say [the Cintiq] is gone because I’m a big fan of Wacom but, fundamentally what this product is doing is replacing that." "It’s nice to stay focused on one device," says illustrator Mike Krahulik, who cofounded the video-game webcomic site Penny Arcade. He was one of a handful of artists Microsoft chose to beta-test the Studio and the Dial. And before he got his Studio, his desk was dominated by his Cintiq. "My desk was for drawing and that’s it; I’m not going to play games on my Cintiq, and even if I wanted to I can’t make it sit vertically," Krahulik tells me. "If I wanted to answer email I did it on my laptop on the little screen." Krahulik adds that his only qualm about the Dial is that it doesn’t have the customization options he’d have liked: "It’s incredibly handy and works great out of the box with my drawing software, but I’d love the ability to really go nuts and customize everything about what it can do on a per-program basis." People like Krahulik do their design work from a home desk, but the Studio could begin to catch on with companies full of designers, too. I can see a scenario where a large design firm or ad agency might buy Studios for a whole department of creative people. If they'd otherwise need computers and Cintiqs, the Studio's price tag starts to make sense—assuming that nobody's so Windows-adverse as to make the Studio a non-starter. Krahulik told me the Surface Pro 3 and Surface Pro 4 have helped Microsoft's image among creatives. Panay seems to have realistic expectations about the Surface Studio’s acceptance curve, especially given that its price puts it at the tippy-top of the market. "Don’t get me wrong I hope the demand is off-the-charts great, but it starts at $3,000, so it’s not like we’re coming out with an $800 PC," he says. "This is a premium [device], it’s for professionals, it’s for creators..." The Surface Group at Microsoft isn't desperate for an immediate hit. Yet he doesn’t believe that the Studio will ultimately be limited to commercial customers. "I believe that creators are everywhere," he says. "There’s going to be a whole group of people who just want this device in their home because it’s beautiful." As for sales expectations, "we’re going to take our time; this isn’t one where I’m worried about ‘are we going to ship 100,000 units, or a million units or 10 million units or 20 million units day one," he tells me. "We’re going to ship the right amount to get it to market so that people can get their hands on it." It’s not like the Surface Group at Microsoft is desperate for an immediate hit. Only a few years ago people were making fun of the original Surface, but you don't hear that very much anymore. In Microsoft’s most recent earnings report, it said that Surface sales (mainly of the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book) jumped to $926 million for the quarter; that’s a 38% jump from the $672 million in Surface revenue in the same quarter last year. Bulk sales (read: enterprise sales) of 500 devices or more increased 70% year-over-year, the company reported—a fact that helps explain how Microsoft's PC line fits into the company's overall strategic emphasis on workplace productivity. That growth is proof of Panay’s understanding of the market, and it’s gained him some real cachet within Microsoft. It could be that he and his people had some breathing room to plan and build a Surface machine they always hoped to create. Still, he’s not taking anything for granted. At the end of our meeting he shows me the Studio promo video that will be shown at the October 26 launch event. The music is a cover of "Pure Imagination," the late Gene Wilder's signature song in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. You see some sexy shots of the Studio—the thin display, the chrome arms. You see the Dial in action on the touch screen. You see people getting really into creating things. You see the Microsoft designers, and some of the people who developed apps for the Dial. It's slick. As we walk down the hall after our meeting, Panay isn’t sure about the music and whether it will play just right with the audience at Microsoft's October 26th event. "When you’re creating, at this point everything is at a paranoid stage," he says. "You’re powering through and it’s our baby, it’s our latest, you know, and you don’t want to miss, you don’t want to make a mistake." Hits and misses are hard to predict, but it's already clear that Microsoft has brought fresh thinking to the desktop PC with the Surface Studio. Slideshow Credits: 01 / Photos: Brian Smale; Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2016 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft introduces the new Surface Book i7 3 by Michael Allison  @Mkeallison Oct 26, 2016 at 15:14 GMT3 weeks ago Alongside the stunning new Surface Studio, Microsoft today introduced the world to the new Surface Book, the Surface Book i7. Billed as “the most powerful Surface Book ever”, the new Surface Book is powered by Intel’s Skylake processors (i7 naturally) ,a new GPU and twice the level of performance. The new Surface Book i7 offers 30 percent more battery life, netting you 16 hours of runtime. It also comes with a  with a new redesigned thermal system, and clocking it at 3 times more powerful than a Macbook Pro 2013 . Microsoft’s Surface Book is a beautiful product, and the firm recognizing that  potential and iterating on it speaks volumes about its commitment to hardware. Ahead of the expected Surface Pro 5 and Surface Book 2 launches next Spring, it is rare to see Microsoft making refined changes like this to its already established product line. This is not to say that it’s unprecedented, Dell and HP also refreshed their flagship ultrabooks this year, and Microsoft regularly improves their Xbox consoles and controllers yearly. However, Microsoft has traditionally not released new refreshes of their Surface devices until today. This change in strategy may signal Microsoft taking their role as a PC hardware manufacturer more seriously than it has done in previous years. The new Surface Book will be available in November, but you can pre-order it right now for just $2,399. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related book Book 2 hardware Microsoft Event Pro 4 surface book surface pro surface pro 4 Surface Pro 5 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Microsoft says its new high-end laptop can get 16 hours of battery life Jeff Dunn Oct. 26, 2016, 11:35 AM 4,945 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base.Microsoft Microsoft on Wednesday announced a refresh to its highest-end Surface Book laptop. The updated 2-in-1 notebook, dubbed the Surface Book with Performance Base, is available for pre-order starting on Wednesday, and will be available on November 10. The new machine starts at $2,399 for a model with 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. Additional configurations with 512GB and 1TB of storage cost $2,799 and $3,299, respectively. Both of those have 16GB of RAM. For those high prices, Microsoft says the company has boosted the machine with twice as much graphics performance — thanks to a decent-but-not-great Nvidia GeForce 965M graphics processor, which should be strong enough to play various games — and 30% more battery life.  The latter is the big selling point: Microsoft's Surface boss Panos Panay says the company has built more batteries into the device, purportedly allowing it to achieve up to 16 hours of juice. Earlier Surface Book models were rated at up to 12 hours.  Microsoft The rest of the laptop looks just about identical to the Surface Book Microsoft launched last year. That means has the same magnesium alloy finish, flexible hinge, Surface Pen stylus, and detachable 13.5-inch display we've enjoyed in the past. Panay says the company did redesign the device's thermal system and add a second fan to help keep the device cool, though. The new battery system also makes it marginally heavier, at 3.63 pounds.  The updates here strictly apply to the highest-end configurations. The more standard versions will still be available starting at $1,499 — Microsoft did not announce any price cut or specs refresh for those devices. Each Surface Book with Performance Base runs on an Intel Core i7 processor, but, notably, they don't use the latest-generation Kaby Lake chip. Despite the claimed performance upgrades, Microsoft has stuck with the same 6th-generation Skylake processors as before. The performance gap between Kaby Lake and Skylake isn't as big as past transitions, but it's worth noting that other premium laptops have made the jump in recent weeks.  Microsoft In any case, Panay stressed that the new Surface Book models are the performance-level entries in the series, and as such are meant for professionals and creative types.  That falls in line with the rest of Microsoft's announcements at its Windows and Surface event on Wednesday, which focused on the forthcoming "Creators Update" to Windows 10, as well as a new Surface Studio all-in-one touchscreen PC.  The relatively minor update comes just a day before Apple is expected to announce a wholesale refresh of its competing MacBook Pro. That device is expected to feature a slimmer design and a new, touch-enabled function row. SEE ALSO: For Microsoft Windows, it's do or die NOW WATCH: This hidden iPhone feature will boost your reception Loading video... More: Tech Gadgets Microsoft Windows 10 Windows Surface Surface Book Surface Book i7 Surface Book with Performance Base facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Microsoft says its new high-end laptop can get 16 hours of battery life Microsoft says its new high-end laptop can get 16 hours of battery life Microsoft on Wednesday announced a refresh to... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Download the new Yahoo Mail app Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... Mi., 16. Nov 2016, 08:39 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte öffnen in 21 Minuten. Microsoft says its new high-end laptop can get 16 hours of battery lifeVon Jeff Dunn | Business Insider – Mi., 26. Okt 2016 17:35 MESZ Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken Firmen: Microsoft Corporation AKTUELLER KURS Symbol Kurs Veränderung MSFT 58,87 +1,14 (The Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base.Microsoft) Microsoft on Wednesday announced a refresh to its highest-end Surface Book laptop. The updated 2-in-1 notebook, dubbed the Surface Book with Performance Base, is available for pre-order starting on Wednesday, and will be available on November 10. The new machine starts at $2,399 for a model with 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. Additional configurations with 512GB and 1TB of storage cost $2,799 and $3,299, respectively. Both of those have 16GB of RAM. For those high prices, Microsoft says the company has boosted the machine with twice as much graphics performance — thanks to a decent-but-not-great Nvidia GeForce 965M graphics processor, which should be strong enough to play various games — and 30% more battery life.  The latter is the big selling point: Microsoft's Surface boss Panos Panay says the company has built more batteries into the device, purportedly allowing it to achieve up to 16 hours of juice. Earlier Surface Book models were rated at up to 12 hours.  (Microsoft) The rest of the laptop looks just about identical to the Surface Book Microsoft launched last year. That means has the same magnesium alloy finish, flexible hinge, Surface Pen stylus, and detachable 13.5-inch display we've enjoyed in the past. Panay says the company did redesign the device's thermal system and add a second fan to help keep the device cool, though. The new battery system also makes it marginally heavier, at 3.63 pounds.  The updates here strictly apply to the highest-end configurations. The more standard versions will still be available starting at $1,499 — Microsoft did not announce any price cut or specs refresh for those devices. Each Surface Book with Performance Base runs on an Intel Core i7 processor, but, notably, they don't use the latest-generation Kaby Lake chip. Despite the claimed performance upgrades, Microsoft has stuck with the same 6th-generation Skylake processors as before. The performance gap between Kaby Lake and Skylake isn't as big as past transitions, but it's worth noting that other premium laptops have made the jump in recent weeks.  (Microsoft) In any case, Panay stressed that the new Surface Book models are the performance-level entries in the series, and as such are meant for professionals and creative types.  That falls in line with the rest of Microsoft's announcements at its Windows and Surface event on Wednesday, which focused on the forthcoming "Creators Update" to Windows 10, as well as a new Surface Studio all-in-one touchscreen PC.  The relatively minor update comes just a day before Apple is expected to announce a wholesale refresh of its competing MacBook Pro. That device is expected to feature a slimmer design and a new, touch-enabled function row. NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone More From Business Insider Here’s everything Microsoft just showed off — in under 3 minutes Microsoft invented a new way to bring your photos to life like never before — and it works on any device Microsoft is taking on Amazon’s $970 million Twitch acquisition — here's why it’s a smart move TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News Die Stunde Null: Wie Präsident Trump die Spielregeln der Wirtschaftswelt verändertYahoo Finanzen Lufthansa und ihre Piloten kommen nicht zusammendpa Anzeige  China will Stahlproduktion verringerndpa Banker: Frankfurt sollte vom Brexit profitierendpa Wie gewonnen, so zerronnenHandelsblatt Personal finance WISO: Warum billiges Fleisch lebensgefährlich sein kannYahoo Finanzen Vermögenswirksame Leistungen richtig nutzenYahoo Finanzen Anzeige  Krankfeiern, aber bitte richtig! Das sind die Rechte und Pflichte der ArbeitnehmerYahoo Finanzen Gute Beziehung zwischen Chef und Team erhöht die Leistungdpa Privates Handy am Arbeitsplatz nutzen - Was erlaubt istdpa Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Hpe Emergent Tech Internet of Things Beer, security by design and actual revenue: HPE shows off IoT offerings Modular Edge servers and augmented reality too 26 Oct 2016 at 15:24, Gareth Corfield Gareth Corfield Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Comment Of The Week, Internet Of Things, Royal Navy, Drone, Ministry Of Defence Recent Articles F-35 'sovereign data gateway' will stop US reading pilots' personal data? Yeah right Bristol AI chip upstart Graphcore scores $30m in VC dosh Uber drivers entitled to UK minimum wage, London tribunal rules IoT World Congress Beer-as-a-service at American football games is just one of the things Hewlett Packard Enterprise has brought to the Internet of Things playground, its chief IoT technologist, Colin I’Anson, told The Register this morning. I’Anson also said that, as far as IoT goes, HPE will not be signing any exclusivity deal with partners. “Nobody is willing to set up exclusive deals. With one company in manufacturing, if you lock in, for example, GE, how do you work with Schneider Electric or Siemens? You have to be very open in this industry and therefore you've got to know what your role is and why you’re important,” he said. “I’ve got to offer them a really exciting future roadmap into the IT infrastructure, in particular how we secure those environments, how we understand quality, the availability,” he added, revealing that HPE has about 20 IoT partners so far. Explaining how HPE’s edge processing tech works, I’Anson said: “Local business owners working on data at the edge is a major piece of our strategy.” The basic principle is that instead of shifting IoT data to and from the cloud, complete with all the overheads that involves, HPE wants to offer potential customers on-premises compute, reducing the amount of data that needs to be beamed up to central cloud-based analysis points. In theory, said I’Anson, this would enable a local factory manager to monitor all of his instrumented machines himself, rather than relying on a remote techie telling him that something needs servicing - as well as reducing the 80 or 90 per cent of compute workload given over purely to “shuttling stuff up and down between various caches”. However, with the short lifecycle of IoT components, doesn’t this lead to problems with obsolete kit later down the line? “The compute engine is just a module you can swap with a more powerful one,” I’Anson said, explaining that other modules in the edge server are also modular and swappable. El Reg was shown an HPE EL1000 Edge server running an Intel ProLiant CPU, the whole system being hooked up to an IoT-instrumented pump, demonstrated by the company’s Kenneth Leach. On top of the usual sensor data dashboard readout, HPE is also punting an augmented reality offering, allowing factory floor workers using tablets to see exactly which instrumented components of a particular machine need a closer look. HPE EL1000 Edgeline server with Intel ProLiant CPU, hooked up to an IoT-instrumented pump - viewed via augmented reality tablet The specs of the Edge box we were shown was 128GB memory, 2TB storage and a 16-core Intel ProLiant CPU. This, we were told, would be typical of HPE’s edge server offerings for IoT use cases. Secured by design, we say Security is baked into HPE’s IoT thinking, I’Anson said. “The other thing we can get, thanks to redesigning the compute architecture, is security. All data is encrypted at rest, all data in transit is encrypted. Accidental exploits and the ability to get in touch with memory space is useless.” He continued: “Everyone is waving their arms about security. Very good, but you’ve got to come back to the fundamentals. If you don’t understand how to do the security design properly at the beginning, you’re not going to do a proper end-to-end solution. When we teach architecture, we show [our students] what is special about the threats and issues in the environment. We show them why there’s a large attack surface, we start to tell them about what you need to do with that. Many IoT systems are mission and business critical; if they stop working, your product will fail… as far as we’re concerned, all new products will have security by design.” I’Anson added that everyone should read the Industrial Internet Reference Architecture security standards (PDF overview here) “because it gives a great introduction for security experts to understand our end-to-end requirements” and also “exposes them to lots of the mechanisms.” Nonetheless, he was realistic about securing the Internet of Things: “You can’t protect all of the IoT world because it’s designed around living inside trusted factories, i.e. with security fences and other physical security features. That’s OK where there are wired networks but you have to be very careful when wireless networks are on the [factory] floor.” He concluded: “Security isn’t something people say is a tickbox. It’s got to be taken on a systematic end to end basis.” The really important part of IoT As for beer-as-a-service? HPE deployed its IoT gear into the home stadium of the San Francisco 49ers. Around four per cent of the Levi’s Stadium, home to the 49ers, took up the BaaS offer, equating to about 2,740 thirsty punters. I’Anson said this was a worked example of Aruba’s Wi-Fi networking - Aruba was bought out by HP for $3bn in 2015 and has since been absorbed into HPE - combined with its own value-adding IoT proposition. HPE’s chief IoT technologist added that as well as providing beer-as-a-service, the basic concept of ordering beer through your stadium seat was easily extended to ordering food and merchandise too, extending its revenue-generating opportunities. Now, about that pint... ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 1 Comment Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Neuromorphic Chip - Global Market Outlook (2015-2022) The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 26, 2016 ) According to Publisher, the Global neuromorphic chip is accounted for $1.02 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $4.56 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 23.8% during the forecast period. Growing demand of artificial intelligence and growing demand of Neuromorphic chip Market in the field of Internet Of Things (IOT) technology are some of the key factors fueling the market growth. Difficulties involved in hardware designing of neuromorphic chips are expected to hinder the market growth. The signal processing function occupied a significant share of neuromorphic chip due to rising application of these chips in different end user industries. North America held the largest market share and is anticipated to sustain its position due to rising demand for neuromorphic chips in the aerospace and defense sector. Report URL: http://www.reportsweb.com/neuromorphic-chip-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in the market include Hewlett Packard Corp., Qualcomm Inc, International Business Machine Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Brain Corporation, Lockheed Martin Corporation, General Vision Inc, Vicarious FPC Inc, HRL Laboratories LLC, Intel Corp, MIT Technology and Advanced Semiconductor Engineering. End-User Covered: - Medical Industry - Military & Defense Sector - Industrial - Aerospace - Automotive Industry - Consumer Sector - Other End Users Application Covered: - Data Miniing - Image Recognition - Signal Recognition - Other Applications Request for Sample @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216408/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt Inquire for Discount @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216408/discount What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us ReportsWeb is a one stop shop of market research reports and solutions to various companies across the globe. We help our clients in their decision support system by helping them choose most relevant and cost effective research reports and solutions from various publishers. Contact Us: Call: +1-646- 491-9876 Email: sales@reportsweb.com Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646- 491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 236000040127107900-685910915751346250
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Supermicro® Introduces NVIDIA® Pascal™ GPU-enabled Server Solutions Featuring Tesla® P100 GPUs at GTC Washington D.C. 2016 New SuperServer with 8 Tesla P100 SXM2 accelerators and NVIDIA NVLink™ for Machine Learning applications and 4U SuperServer supporting up to 10 Tesla P100 PCI-e cards with a Supermicro optimized single-root complex design News provided by Super Micro Computer, Inc. Oct 26, 2016, 09:05 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI), a global leader in compute, storage, networking technologies and green computing today is introducing several new SuperServer solutions optimized for NVIDIA® Tesla® P100 accelerators with the new Pascal™ GPU architecture at the GPU Technology Conference (GTC) Washington, DC 2016, October 26-27 at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center in booth #3. Supermicro's SuperServer 4028GR-TXR(T) is optimized to support eight of the most advanced NVIDIA Tesla P100 SXM2 accelerators for maximum high bandwidth for important HPC clusters and hyperscale workloads.  This solution incorporates the latest NVIDIA NVLink™ GPU interconnect technology with over 5x the bandwidth of PCI-E 3.0. This SuperServer provides the best performance parallel computing solution with eight Tesla P100 SXM2 accelerators with an independent GPU thermal zone design, which ensures uncompromised performance and stability under the most demanding workloads with up to 170 TFLOPS FP16 of peak performance. Supermicro also debuts the density optimized 4U SuperServer 4028GR-TR(T)2 system supporting up to 10 PCI-E Tesla P100 accelerators for up to 187 TFLOPS FP16 peak performance with GPU Direct RDMA support. Supermicro's innovative and GPU optimized single root complex PCI-E design is proven to dramatically improve GPU peer-to-peer communication efficiency over QPI, with up to 21% higher QPI throughput and 60% lower latency compared to previous generation products.  Both 1U and 4U SuperServers support dual Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 v4/v3 product families, up to 3TB DDR4-2400MHz memory, optional dual onboard 10GBase-T ports, and redundant Titanium level (96%) digital power supplies. "Our high-performance computing solutions enable deep learning, engineering, and scientific fields to scale out their compute clusters to accelerate their most demanding workloads and achieve fastest time-to-results with maximum performance per watt, per square foot, and per dollar," said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. "With our latest innovations incorporating the new NVIDIA P100 processors in a performance and density optimized 1U and 4U architectures with NVLink, our customers can accelerate their applications and innovations to address the most complex real world problems." "Supermicro's new high-density servers are optimized to fully leverage the new NVIDIA Tesla P100 accelerators to provide enterprise and HPC customers with an entirely new level of computing horsepower," said Ian Buck, General Manager of the Accelerated Computing Group at NVIDIA. "The new SuperServers deliver superior energy-efficient performance for compute-intensive data analytics, deep learning and scientific applications while minimizing power consumption." With the convergence of Big Data Analytics, the latest GPU architectures, and improved Machine Learning algorithms, Deep Learning applications require processing power of multiple GPUs that must communicate efficiently and effectively to expand the GPU network.  Supermicro's single-root GPU system allows multiple GPUs to communicate efficiently to minimize latency and maximize throughput as measured by the NCCL P2PBandwidthTest. In addition to the 4U supporting up to 10 Tesla P100s, Supermicro also offers the following SuperServers optimized for these new Pascal GPUs: 1U 4 Pascal GPU Optimized SuperServer solution – SuperServer 1028GQ-TR generates massively parallel processing power for Machine Learning applications.  2U 6 Pascal GPU Optimized SuperServer solution – SuperServer 2028GR-TRHT delivers the highest density massively parallel processing power for Machine Learning applications in 2U.  1U Ultra SuperServers – Designed to deliver unrivaled performance, flexibility, scalability, and serviceability, Supermicro's 1028U servers support the new Pascal GPU.  Ideal for demanding Enterprise workloads, these server support Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 v4 and v3 product families (160W/up to 22 Cores), up to 3TB of memory in 24 DIMMs, SATA3 with optional SAS3 and NVMe support for increased storage bandwidth, Ultra Riser options available which includes built-in 1G, 10GBase-T, 10G SFP+, 40G, and InfiniBand options, and Redundant Titanium Level (96%+) power supplies. 2U Ultra SuperServers – Designed to deliver unrivaled performance, flexibility, scalability, and serviceability, Supermicro's 2028U SuperServers support up to 4 Pascal GPUs.  Ideal for demanding Enterprise workloads, these server support Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 v4 and v3 product families (160W/up to 22 Cores), up to 3TB of memory in 24 DIMMs, SATA3 with optional SAS3 and NVMe support for increased storage bandwidth, Ultra Riser options available which includes built-in 1G, 10GBase-T, 10G SFP+, 40G, and InfiniBand options, and Redundant Titanium Level (96%+) power supplies. Supermicro also offers the latest cost-effective Top-of-Rack switching technologies, whether traditional fully-featured models incorporating both hardware and software in a complete solution, or bare metal hardware capable of running third-party software configurable to specific customer needs in an Open Network Environment. Supermicro's new SSH-C48Q is a 1U top-of-rack switch with 48 100Gbps QSFP+ ports. Meanwhile, Supermicro's Server Management Software provides a multifunctional suite of tools that can perform health monitoring, power management and firmware maintenance to help customers deploy and maintain servers in data centers. For more information on Supermicro's complete range of high performance, high-efficiency Server, Storage and Networking solutions, please visit www.supermicro.com. Follow Supermicro on Facebook and Twitter to receive their latest news and announcements. About Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI) Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its "We Keep IT Green®" initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. Supermicro, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-F   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/supermicro-introduces-nvidia-pascal-gpu-enabled-server-solutions-featuring-tesla-p100-gpus-at-gtc-washington-dc-2016-300351404.html SOURCE Super Micro Computer, Inc. Related Links http://www.supermicro.com Nov 14, 2016, 11:05 ET Preview: Supermicro apresenta nova arquitetura de servidores BigTwin™ e destaca mais recentes soluções de servidores e armazenamento para HPC na SC16 Oct 17, 2016, 16:21 ET Preview: Supermicro® expõe o All-Flash NVMe, o 3U/6U MicroBlade™ e Soluções IoT na GITEX 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 15, 2016, 11:11 ETSupermicro presenta la nueva arquitectura de servidor BigTwin™ Nov 14, 2016, 19:07 ETSupermicro presenta la nuova architettura server BigTwin™ e mette... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Networks New Products & Services You just read: Supermicro® Introduces NVIDIA® Pascal™ GPU-enabled Server Solutions Featuring Tesla® P100 GPUs at GTC Washington D.C. 2016 News provided by Super Micro Computer, Inc. Oct 26, 2016, 09:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
