Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Automotive BMW and Baidu’s self-driving car partnership has reportedly run out of gas Lyft wants more explicit protection of consumer data from NHTSA on self-driving Tesla Model S P100D to get a 2.4-second 0-60 mph time via an Easter egg Browse more... Jaguar Land Rover Land Rover’s lead engineer explains autonomous off-road driving Jaguar partners with Tile to make sure drivers never leave without their wallets Jaguar Land Rover launches InMotion, a startup studio to build mobility apps and services Browse more... OEMs and startups: The incubator at Jaguar Land Rover HQ Posted Sep 6, 2016 by Kristen Hall-Geisler (@kristenhg) 0 SHARES Next Story Lost in translation: Streaming in China The first question you might have when learning that Jaguar Land Rover has its technology headquarters in Portland, OR, is, “Why?” There’s an easy answer for that question, said Rupert Poole, Senior Collaborations Manager of Future Technology at the facility in Portland. JLR, as it’s known, already had a relationship with Intel, and Intel is located in a Portland suburb. There’s also a thriving startup culture in Portland, and it’s not hard to travel up and down the West Coast to other tech hubs. The first JLR facility in Portland, the Open Software Technology Center, opened in July 2014. The nearby JLR Tech Incubator opened six months later and a third building next door to the incubator, the collaborative lab, is undergoing renovations to create space for test chambers and vehicle bays. I got to tour all three — including the very much not-yet-completed lab. While about a hundred JLR engineers are working on infotainment and connectivity tech to be tested in simulators and eventually introduced into Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles, a handful of startups are down the street developing new technology that may or may not end up being used by the British automaker. All engineers, whether they’re JLR employees or startups, have access to collaborative brainstorming spaces — with walls you can write on and buckets of LEGOs. The incubator hosts 12 startups each year for six-month periods. “We found that three months is too short,” says Danielle Alexander, the manager of the incubator. The teams get access to space, funding, tools and equipment — including Jaguars and Land Rovers — partnerships, mentors and engineering and technology expertise from the JLR staff. Like other OEMs that want to work with startups, the JLR Incubator is looking for small teams that have more agility and speed than a century-old automotive manufacturer. It’s also looking for technologies that dovetail with automotive needs rather than overlap, such as augmented reality, connected car, human-machine interface (HMI) and data visualization technologies. When I visited the facility, I met with the half-dozen startups currently in residence. One, Carfit, is developing a technology directly applicable to the auto industry. Its small, puck-shaped devices attach to the steering wheel and monitor all of its shakes, wobbles and corrections. In the same way that (some) drivers can tell the car is out of alignment or the shocks need replacing, Carfit analyzes the information from the steering wheel and sends the diagnosis to an app. But not every startup in the incubator has such a direct relationship to the automotive industry. Take Neptune, which is developing a streaming, curated video service for kid-friendly, interactive, educational content. In a connected car, kids could pick and choose and stream at will without the parent in the driver’s seat needing to monitor their every choice. Or SicDrone, a drone that can pivot its rotors for maneuverability or remain stable while flying in wind. This could come in handy when scouting for emergency response or to looking ahead at an uncharted off-road course — something Land Rover drivers have been known to take. “Infotainment and connectivity are the only parts of a car where consumer expectations are set against other technologies,” Poole said. “All other expectations are set versus automotive technology.” By bringing the cutting edge of connectivity into the incubator, where startups work with the local engineers and have access to 10,000 JLR engineers worldwide, a decades-old company gets access to the latest innovations. Featured Image: Kristen Hall-Geisler 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Land Rover USA Founded 1948 Overview Land Rover USA manufactures luxury SUVs and off-road vehicles. Its portfolio of four-wheel-drive vehicle models includes Defender, Discovery, Freelander, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Range Rover Evoque. Land Rover USA is based in Mahwah, New Jersey. It is the American branch of Land Rover, a British automobile company founded in 1948. Location Mahwah, NJ Categories Automotive Website http://www.landroverusa.com/index.html Full profile for Land Rover USA Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 53 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Gillmor Gang LIVE 11.18.16 6 minutes ago | Steve Gillmor Pokémon Sun and Moon break 3DS records with 10M units shipped globally 28 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 37 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Seen enough? Here’s how to get the SEC’s attention 39 minutes ago | Connie Loizos Comment moderation powered by Up Next Lost in translation: Streaming in China Posted Sep 6, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 8 hours ago by Jon Russell 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago by Jon Russell
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Shark Bites: There's Still Momentum, but Everybody Wants Weakness DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Intel to Acquire Movidius in Bid to Boost Artificial Intelligence Portfolio Shares of Intel were higher Tuesday on word that it will acquire semiconductor startup Movidius. Anders Keitz Sep 6, 2016 5:14 PM EDT Shares of Intel (INTC) were higher Tuesday on word that it will acquire Movidius, a semiconductor startup. The terms of the agreement were not disclosed. The Wall Street Journal reports that the deal would boost Intel's artificial intelligence portfolio, as its looks to become a big player in that area. Movidius' customers include Alphabet and Lenovo Group, which use its technology in drones, security cameras, virtual reality headsets and other devices. Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities. If you liked this article you might like Nvidia's Deals with IBM, Microsoft and Google Strengthen Its Artificial Intelligence Lead Though competition abounds, Nvida's GPU investments and software ecosystem are big advantages in a booming market for powering AI tasks. Eric Jhonsa Nov 16, 2016 5:35 PM EST Cisco Investors Watch Earnings for Look Into the IT Market, Trump's Tech Effect CEO Chuck Robbins could provide investors with guidance on how the company would deploy a whopping $60 billion in overseas cash. Chris Nolter Nov 16, 2016 10:54 AM EST Apple Job Ads Hint at a Risk to Intel, Says Exane BNP A flood of Apple wanted ads for CPU and GPU designers suggests the company may be assembling a team to design in-house chips for its MacBooks. Paul Whitfield Nov 16, 2016 9:52 AM EST Jim Cramer's Top Takeaways: Talend, Nvidia Talend focuses on digital data trends; Nvidia is the new Intel, Jim Cramer says. Scott Rutt Nov 16, 2016 6:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology Why Intel bought 'eyes' for its drones Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe The New Economy Despite Trump, Ford and other automakers have already moved to Mexico Why South Korea refuses to share mapping data with Google In one more bleached Pacific reef, some corals are 'back from the brink' Iraqi children return to school, eager to shed ISIS ‘language of violence’ Will these new eyes in the skies change how people perceive drone technology? By Joseph Dussault, Staff September 6, 2016 Save for later Saved A DJI Phantom 4 drone equipped with Movidius' vision-aided flight system. On Monday, Intel announced that it will purchase Movidius in a move to bring computer vision to its products. Movidius View Caption About video ads View Caption of Talk about having eyes in the sky. On Monday, Intel announced that it will purchase Movidius, an Irish company that develops computer vision processors. With newly acquired chips and deep learning algorithms, Intel will be able to imbue its RealSense cameras with independent, low-power image processing. In simpler terms, the company could build drones and other devices that can “see” on their own – no human required. Could such an omniscient gadget change the already-fluid public perception of drone technology? Recommended: The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions At the most basic level, the biological eye is used to gather information and make decisions. Using camera “eyes,” computers can also extract complex understanding from visual data. Such cogent devices are able to restore images, to avoid obstacles, and to track moving objects. Computer vision refers to the digital pathways which make these tasks possible. The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions Infographic The future of drones in the US Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/18 For the past decade, Movidius has supplied computer vision processors to a slew of different tech manufacturers. In January, the company began collaborating with Google to produce deep learning mobile devices. Two months later, it developed a visual guidance system that supported near-autonomous flight for DJI’s Phantom 4 drone, which can track a moving object on its own.  New regulations from the Federal Aviation Administration promised to change the way businesses approached drone technology. Now, just one week after those regulations went into effect, Intel has snapped up Movidius for a presently undisclosed price – a move which may reflect a larger shift in thought about drone technology. Some are optimistic about the future of drones: uncrewed flying devices could soon be used to deliver packages, to provide internet to remote areas, and even to save the whales. Drones have also proven a popular toy for aerial hobbyists and techy kids. Others decry the technology’s more destructive capacity, citing its applications in warfare and covert cyberattacks. “For people in my industry these things are just showing up and nobody quite knows how to deal with them,” Jeff Melrose, a cybersecurity strategist for Yokogawa US, told The Christian Science Monitor in August. With so many possibilities in this still-new world of drones, the public is split between excitement and dismay. Consumers may wonder: Is Intel trying to build Big Brother's newest tool, or simply upgrade a backyard toy? With so few available details, it’s hard to say. But some say the sale represents a shift into the “Internet of Things.” Just as the internet brings people and information together, the so-called IoT connects physical things. IoT devices are the infrastructure of digital connectivity – smart thermometers linked to smart homes which are themselves linked to smart watches. “Intel’s purchase reflects a growing recognition that drones are really IoT devices, armed with sensors and communication technologies,” Gregory McNeal, White House-recognized drone expert and law professor at Pepperdine University in California, tells the Monitor in an email. “The true power of these IoT devices won’t be fully revealed until they become connected to cloud based infrastructure that can enhance their performance and safety.” Either way, it’s pretty clear that drones are an important new venture for Intel – Brian Krzanich, the company’s chief executive officer, serves as chairman of the RTCA Drone Advisory Committee which will advise the FAA in developing drone regulations. Next up The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions Pentagon is worrying about 'Terminator' coming true. Seriously. How off-the-shelf drones are changing war in Syria and Lebanon Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The Trump voters you don't know An end to Trump’s politics of anger? Passcode Worried about surveillance under Trump? Here's what to do Focus For native Americans, pipeline sparks climate awakening In wake of Trump win, European women ask: 'OK, what are we going to do?' (+video) Popular Now First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress First Look Stephen Hawking says we have have 1,000 years to find a new home (+video) Iowa bill named 'Suck it up, Buttercup' seeks to stop student coddling The Trump voters you don't know Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules?   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/18 Latest News Despite Trump, Ford and other automakers have already moved to Mexico Doing Good Difference Maker This man will serve 2,000 free meals for Thanksgiving Movies 'Manchester by the Sea' is true to intricacies of family strife Movies 'Nocturnal Animals' has a sadistic edge that is punitive Movies 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' has too much of a good thing Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,277 Reviews & Articles | 52,950 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Business, Financial & Legal John McAfee sues Intel over the right to use his name Intel is being sued by John McAfee, who doesn't want the company using his name By: Anthony Garreffa | Business, Financial & Legal News | Posted: Sep 6, 2016 6:32 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA John McAfee is in the headlines again, this time, the founder of McAfee is suing chipmaker Intel, claiming that they don't have the right to use his name, throwing trademark issues into the mix.     McAfee recently joined MGT Capital Investments, an online gaming company, as its CEO and chairman, and had planned to rename the company to John McAfee Global Technologies Inc., but Intel owns McAfee's "trademarks, tradenames, and associated goodwill" and warned that McAfee would be infringing on those properties.   MGT and McAfee argued in a complaint to the New York District Court that "at no point in the Agreement did McAfee assign the rights to his personal name [...] or agree to restrict his right to do business using his own name", and that the agreement with Intel "did not contain any non-compete provisions of any kind".   Back in January 2014, the plaintiffs argue that Intel dropped the McAfee brand and started marketing the antivirus software as "Intel Security", but Bloomberg reports that Intel is now attempting to sell the company, but will use the McAfee mark in order to bolster the value of the deal.   Intel counsel Kerry Smith warned that "any use of the McAfee name would be likely to dilute the McAfee mark [...] by reducing its unique association with McAfee and Intel Corporation".   MGT and McAfee have asked for a trial by jury in order to win the rights to hit name. NEWS SOURCES:Engadget.com Recommended for You Amazon 2016 Black Friday sales include some HUGE deals... Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm... Samsung recalls 2.8 million exploding washing machines... Android phones hold 88% of the market >> NEXT STORY: PS4 Slim teardown video appears ahead of its unveiling << PREVIOUS STORY: Galaxy Note 7 recall could cost Samsung up to $1 billion Related Tags Intel McAfee Intel McAfee John McAfee John McAfee suing Intel Bloomberg Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Red Dead Redemption 2 has 'incredible emotional depth' Nintendo Europe Tweet special 3DS Badge Academy app deal Oculus Rift headsets will now work on lower-end PCs Nintendo Switch to get full HD Pokemon Sun and Moon port System Shock remake has been delayed until 2018View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity gigabyte z170x gaming 7 rev 1.0 ram F4-3000C15D-16GTZproblem with bios f20d ASUS R510V laptop freezes and ventilator sounds D-Link DCS-2530L Wide Angle 1080p Wi-Fi IP Camera Review BIOS downgrade on Gigabyte card GA-Z170X-GAMING 3 EU Z87 extreme9/ac Bios requestView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
null
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Intel Makes a New Lateral Move with Movidius Buy By Steve Anderson September 06, 2016 We all know that most of the major chipmakers and computing companies out there have been working on spreading their influence in a “post-PC” age. Though it's not really as “post” as the name suggests—there are still plenty of places for PCs—it's clear that there are other options out there, and businesses are working to capitalize on these changes. Intel is no different, and recently made a move into a growing sector of the market by buying Movidius. Movidius was well known in the field as a source of processors targeting drones, virtual reality systems, and similar devices. It's previously been seen working with Lenovo and Google, among others, in providing the chips that form the base of several entrants in growing fields. Most recently, Movidius brought out the Myriad 2, a chip that's small enough to fit on a common fingernail, reports note, but is capable of distinguishing between several different video streams simultaneously. Details of the deal weren't announced, but it's expected to close by the end of the year. For its part, Intel is said to be interested in combining the Movidius product line with Intel's depth-sensing systems, making the resultant product even better for the addition. With depth-sensing, augmented tracking and mapping systems become possible, and an additional capability to recognize objects and landscapes therein makes for even better potential, as noted by the senior vice president of Intel's new technology group, Josh Walden. Walden also suggested that the new combined efforts will go into not only virtual reality and drones, but also into robotics, augmented reality systems, digital security cameras and more. This isn't the first company Intel's bought recently, but rather, only the latest. Just recently, Intel picked up Nervana Systems for over $400 million, landing a machine-learning company and its efforts in the process. Intel's moves here are worth exploring, especially as its PC processor business is increasingly not what it used to be. With so many potential devices requiring processors, though, some basic lateral moves may be all Intel really needs to survive long-term. Adding machine-learning capabilities are great measures for drone systems—such systems allow a drone to not run into things or focus on collecting some things—and for security cameras as well. This could be the start of any of a host of technologies from drone aircraft that pick apples to security cameras trained to look for certain faces, and Intel could be at the heart of it all. This move may be just one in a string for Intel, but it's a string that could lead to big new technologies and a whole new market presence for the company. Naturally, it'll be awhile before we see how this all boils down, but knowing what we know now, look for Intel to bring out some exciting new propositions over the next couple of years.  Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Steve Anderson Contributing Writer Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling By: Doug Mohney    11/16/2016 People have been predicting the end of "real" interaction to buy things for decades. Virtual trade shows were supposed to kill real ones, e-commerce s… Read More The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder By: Rob Enderle    11/15/2016 The world of 2020 will look massively different on the road and in the dealership than it does today thanks to virtual reality (VR). Read More The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Expansion of the Internet of Things (IoT) is surging. A recent Gartner report predicts IoT spending to increase to $2.5 million a minute, with 1 milli… Read More Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Smart cities offer several benefits, including real time traffic information and coordinated energy control. However, the technology is still in the e… Read More Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees By: Maurice Nagle    11/10/2016 The nation can move forward together or continue on its torrid path of division. Don't be fooled, I'm not pro-Trump, I'm pro-America. And, lest we for… Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Doug Mohney Latest Article: Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS Advanced Process Automation: Setting New Standards of Service in Front & Back Office Operations DOWNLOAD NOW Four Futurists Give Insight into What It Means to be a Social Business DOWNLOAD NOW Empower Innovation with the Right Unified Collaboration Solution DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Managed IT Services DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Hosted UC DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 800 Connecticut Ave, 1st Floor East, Norwalk CT 06854 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees Powered by TMC © 2016 All Rights Reserved
Latest News Dow 18,874 -29.35 -0.16% Nasdaq 5,327 -7.41 -0.14% S&P 500 2,183 -4.21 -0.19% 1:05 P.M. ET 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 1:03 P.M. ET Seanergy Maritime's stock plunges after share offering prices at deep discount 12:59 P.M. ET Yellen can’t sate Trump appetite for smaller Fed role in economy, Goldman Sachs says 12:49 P.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Stock market retreats as dollar continues bullish streak 12:47 P.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 12:41 P.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 closes lower, with mining shares hurt by dollar’s strength 12:41 P.M. ET How to save money on holiday cards this year: Go digital 12:41 P.M. ET Nothing in health care is a sure thing under President-elect Trump 12:38 P.M. ET Dec. WTI oil gains 11 cents, or 0.2%, to $45.53/bbl 12:38 P.M. ET WTI oil turns higher as volatile trading on Nymex continues 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 12:21 P.M. ET Updated Travelling This Thanksgiving? Here's How to Cope 12:18 P.M. ET Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon 12:18 P.M. ET Trump’s economic ‘landing team’ members to be announced Monday 12:16 P.M. ET The Future of Mobility on Display at LA Auto Show 12:14 P.M. ET Updated Bank, commodity shares pull European stocks into loss column Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Intel, Microsoft and EOS Discuss Technology Trends at Converge 2016 By Published: Sept 6, 2016 1:29 p.m. ET Share Software, Hardware and 3D Printing Leaders Highlight Technologies Transforming the Future of Design TROY, Mich., Sept. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Converge 2016 global technology sponsors EOS, Intel and Microsoft to speak  on current and future technology trends. Joining an invigorating community of creative innovators and thought leaders, their presentations will feature technological contributions to the design community that are changing how we will design the products of tomorrow.  solidThinking Converge 2016: a global conference series for product visionaries and experience creators that explores the intersection of design and technology, kicks off in Los Angeles this week on September 8, 2016, completing in Seoul this November. "EOS is proud to support this new Converge conference program as a sponsor worldwide. The EOS Additive Manufacturing offerings are a perfect fit for this event that focuses equally on design and technology. Our technology enables a design-driven manufacturing process and as such opens up completely new design possibilities from rapid prototyping through to real part production. As the global technology and quality leader for high-end Additive Manufacturing solutions, EOS is happy to share our knowledge at Converge," said Dr. Adrian Keppler, Chief Marketing Officer at EOS. Brett Tanzer, Microsoft Partner Group Program Manager, will discuss how digital product development is undergoing transformational change resulting from the availability of massive compute capabilities in the Cloud.  A 23 year veteran at Microsoft and leading the Business Strategy, Planning, and Program Management for High Performance and Accelerated Cloud computing, Brett's talk will highlight how new GPU and high intensive graphics capabilities will enhance the design experience. David Lombard, Intel's Chief Architect for advanced HPC technology, will address the topic of high performance computing enabled design at the upcoming Converge Los Angeles event.  With more than 30 years of experience in HPC, David will shine a light on the past, present and future of what HPC delivers to the design community as the enabler and path forward to tomorrow's innovations. Register and check out speaker and event details at: Converge2016.com. About solidThinkingsolidThinking creates, develops, and markets technology that helps organizations make informed decisions and bring the most desirable products to market faster. solidThinking software is sold and supported by a global network of distribution partners and is also available as part of the Altair HyperWorks® suite. solidThinking is a wholly owned subsidiary of Troy, Mich., (USA)-based Altair. To learn more, please visit solidThinking.com. About AltairFounded in 1985, Altair is focused on the development and application of simulation technology to synthesize and optimize designs, processes and decisions for improved business performance. Privately held with more than 2,600 employees, Altair is headquartered in Troy, Michigan, USA with more than 45 offices throughout 20 countries, and serves more than 5,000 corporate clients across broad industry segments.  To learn more, please visit www.altair.com. Media Contacts: Altair Corporate/Americas Biba A. Bedi +1-757-224-0548 x 406 biba@altair.com Altair Europe, the Middle East and Africa Evelyn Gebhardt +49-6421-9684351 gebhardt@bluegecko-marketing.de To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intel-microsoft-and-eos-discuss-technology-trends-at-converge-2016-300323019.html SOURCE Altair Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Intel Gets Low-Power Vision Technology From Movidius Acquisition By Hubert Nguyen on 09/06/2016 10:14 PST Intel is acquiring Movidius, a chip-maker known for the Myriad series of SoC specialized in vision and deep learning inference workload at low power. Intel’s main stated reason for buying Movidius is to strengthen its Intel Realsense technology which relies on enhanced webcams (color+depth) to let computers know what their surrounding is like. For Movidius, the acquisition comes relatively quickly since the company has been in existence only a few years, with its first chip the Myriad 1 being released on February 21, 2014, as part of the Google Tango launch. At that time, Remi Remi El-Ouazzane, the CEO of Movidius, had already told me that the end game was “to give human-like vision to your handset.” The Myriad 2 SoC was announced in July 2014 to bring even higher performance per Watt and accelerate the most common use cases by hardwiring some operations, while Myriad-1 only used programmable units. The additional hardware increases speed and reduces power usage by streamlining computations with dedicated computation units. Movidius says that Myriad 2 has an aggregate computation power of 2 Teraflops. On April 2016, Movidius capitalizes on the rise of Deep Learning AI and computer vision by adding neural-net inference to the list of what its chip can do very well, and announces the Movidius Phantom, a USB computer based on the Myriad 2 chip. With it, “dumb” drones could become “smart” with the ability to recognize objects they see – all of this under a 1 Watt power budget. Movidius chips’ advantages over Intel’s CPUs and NVIDIA/AMD GPUs is their low-power nature. On one hand, it is parallelized enough that a standard CPU cannot reach its power efficiency. On the other hand, it is much better than GPUs at branch execution, so GPUs have a hard time competing within the same power budget. This built-in advantage designed into Myriad from the get go pays off today with Intel recognizing that it is better off buying Movidius to gain expertise and save time. The deep learning and computer vision train has left the station and Intel wants to be ahead in the race amid extremely stiff competition. This may prove to be a critical acquisition. Filed in Computers. Read more about Intel, processors and SoC. Related Articles 2016-11-16 Intel Will Invest $250 Million To Develop Self-Driving Cars 2016-11-01 Possible Reason Why The MacBook Pros Are Capped At 16GB RAM 2016-10-24 Intel Capital Announces $38 million Investments in 12 Startups 2016-10-20 iPhone 7 With Qualcomm Modems Have Seemingly Better Reception 2016-10-18 1Gbps Downloads In Next Snapdragon 800 Series Processors 2016-10-13 Intel Unveils Its Own Falcon 8+ Commercial Drone 2016-08-18 Intel Could Be Making Apple’s A-Series Chipsets In The Future 2016-05-01 Intel Cancels Atom Processor, Could Exit Mobile Industry [Update] 2016-04-28 Movidius Fathom: A USB Stick A.I Supercomputer Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18 iPhone Users: Apple Saves Your Call History to iCloud Apple customers can sync a lot of the data on their devices to iCloud, but some information is being backed up in a way those users might not be aware of and can't control: their iPhone call logs. Google Hits Pixel Resellers with 'Digital Death Sentence' Some of Google's unwitting users are learning a harsh lesson: If you violate the company's policies, it can abruptly cut you off from your Gmail account, online photos and other vital digital services Intel Launches Nervana Artificial Intelligence Platform Samsung Not Giving Up: Developing S8, New Note Firefox Focus: New App Offers Very Private Browsing Google Disappointed by South Korean Refusal on Mapping Data CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware APPLICATIONS Intel Acquires Movidius To Accelerate 'Computer Vision' Development Posted September 6, 2016 EARLIER Salesforce Set To Unveil New AI Product for CRM Dubbed Einstein THIS STORY Intel Acquires Movidius To Accelerate 'Computer Vision' Development LATER Dell, EMC Join To Create Largest Privately Controlled Tech Company YOU ARE HERE:   HOME APPLICATIONS THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Shirley Siluk. Updated September 6, 2016 9:26AM SHARE ALSO SEE Intel Chip Processor Deep Learning Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Virtual Reality Acquisition Technology News Less than a month after acquiring a startup developing a new computer chip for deep learning, Intel is adding another artificial intelligence company to its portfolio. The addition of Movidius is aimed at boosting Intel's RealSense technology for "computer vision." While neither company disclosed a figure for the deal, Ireland's public service broadcaster RTE reported the purchase price was around $362 million. Founded in 2006 and based in San Mateo, Calif., Movidius designs computer chips for vision processing. Intel said the technology will help bring its own RealSense perceptual computing platform "to fruition." Giving 'Sight to Smart Devices' "The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs [systems on chips] opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, wrote in a blog post yesterday. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond." Adding Movidius' vision processing unit (VPU) technology to Intel's RealSense is "a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane wrote in a separate blog post. El-Ouazzane said that Movidius' VPU is already being used by clients like Google, Lenovo, DJI and FLIR to "give sight to smart devices" such as drones, security cameras, headsets for augmented-reality and virtual-reality applications and other devices. By becoming part of Intel, Movidius will stay focused on its original goals but "with the technology and resources to innovate faster and execute at scale," he noted. A 'Cambrian Explosion of Compute' Last month, Intel announced plans to purchase Nervana, another startup, for a reported $408 million. Nervana is designing the Nervana Engine, an integrated circuit for deep learning that's expected to be released sometime next year. Intel's RealSense platform was designed to "enable intelligent, interactive and autonomous machines with human-like 3D perception." At its annual developer forum last month, Intel announced a number of new kits aimed at supporting new applications for RealSense, including robots, drones and other types of autonomous machines. The addition of Movidius' technology to RealSense will help "trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute" for the estimated 50 billion devices expected to be network-connected by 2020, Walden said yesterday. "We're on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence," El-Ouazzane said. "In the years ahead, we'll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think." The market for artificial intelligence applications for the enterprise is expected to hit $31.2 billion by 2025, compared to the current market value of $358 million, according to a new report from the analyst firm Tractica. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18 iPhone Users: Apple Saves Your Call History to iCloud Apple customers can sync a lot of the data on their devices to iCloud, but some information is being backed up in a way those users might not be aware of and can't control: their iPhone call logs. Pixel Scalpers Banned from Accounts   Intel Launches Nervana AI Platform   Samsung Not Giving Up: S8 Coming   Firefox Focus Offers Private Browsing   Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN APPLICATIONS Snapchat Unveils New Special Effects Windows Unified Update Debuts Instagram Tests Shoppable Tags Win 10 Brings 3D to 2D Experiences Dell EMC Intros New Enterprise Tools Next Article > INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2016 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel Acquires Movidius to Bring Sight to Computers Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)September 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Intel Acquires Movidius to Bring Sight to ComputersMore One day, your computer might be able to see you as well as you can see it -- at least if Intel has its way. According to Ars Technica, the company recently announced that it's acquiring Movidius, which makes computer vision processors that you'd find in DJI drones and Lenovo's Phab2 Pro phone. Intel is hoping to use Movidius' tech to further enhance its RealSense camera technology and get a leg up in the augmented reality wars. For the uninitiated, RealSense uses depth-sensing technology to create 3D-images. The camera also has some biometric use cases, as I experienced firsthand playing NeverMind. Combined with Movidius' expertise, Intel foresees aggressively pursuing the augmented, virtual and mixed-reality markets as well as a digital security camera. MORE: Most Amazing Augmented Reality Apps Intel also touted the Movidius' low-power, high-performance platforms, which will come in handy for devices like the Phab2 Pro. The AR-centric device is equipped with a massive 4.050 mAH battery to try to stave off the rapid battery drain. Hopefully, Intel will find a way to conserve energy and create a smaller, more consumer-friendly versions of this mobile technology. But back to seeing computers. In its press release, Intel calls cameras the eyes of a computer, the CPU the brain and the vision processor the visual cortex. Movidius has also begun creating algorithms for deep learning, navigation and mapping, which can allow RealSense cameras to work with artificial intelligence tech to create more natural reactions when interacting with humans. Imagine your computer or phone not only using your face recognition to unlock it, but also reading your mood to determine if you want to hear some soothing music or see certain social updates. It's an exciting (and somewhat terrifying) prospect, and now it's closer to reality. Best VR Headsets Augmented Reality Makes Us More Human, Not Less Inside Google's Daydream and Its Plan to Rule VR Copyright 2016 Toms Guides , a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals The Verge iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech A smart home for Fido: Dog Parker offers safe place to keep canines in the big city Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null

null
GadgetHelpline Toggle navigation Twitter Facebook YouTube Tumblr Instagram Home News Categories Apple Android Blackberry Gaming General Gadgets Digital Cameras TV’s Internet PC’s Laptops Sat Navs & GPS Home Entertainment How to Interactive Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle News Lifestyle Guides Lifestyle How To What is Gadgethelpline Lifestyle Gadget Helpline Membership Benefits Join our club Refer a friend Contact Search Join our club Home » Posts » 3D » Intel Acquires Movidius – A View to Bringing Sight to Machines Intel Acquires Movidius – A View to Bringing Sight to Machines Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Posted by: Morgan Walker on 6 September, 2016 3:53 PM Now that the internet of things is slowly morphing into the awareness of things, Intel have played their cards, landing squarely in the ‘computer vision hardware’ territory. Intel have announced today they have are in plans for the acquisition of Movidius. Movidius’ mission statement was to give the power of sight to machines, and, now that Intel plan on taking over the reins they have stated they will be remaining on this mission. Thanks to Intel’s backing, they can still continue along this path but with the added technology and resources of Intel to innovate faster and execute at sale. Movidius specialise in AI and computer vision processors, and, Intel being Intel would like to get in on the action. This purchase enables them to get high-speed, low-power chips that can drive RealSense cameras integrated into devices that have to see and understand the world around them. Movidius has already proven itself in the Drone territory, not to mention thermal cameras. As well as this, Movidius already has deals in place with Lenovo and Google which can only be an added bonus for Intel. Since the CPU drop-off (Moore’s law) this enables Intel to focus on other areas and possibly allow them to become the main seller for chips required in specific fields such as Smart tech and Robotics. When the computers can actually see and understand the world around them this will enable them to be autonomous. Couple this fact with the latest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence and we could be living in a very different world within a couple of years time if, of course, things continue to develop exponentially. The Gadget Helpline offers support on a wide range of smartphone makes and models from Apple iPhone to Samsung Galaxy and more, as well as any household tech and devices (but not cyborgs!) Give us a call today, or check out our membership benefits and sign up for a 30-day trial!       Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Tags: Acquisition, aot, Intel, iot, Movidius Post a comment Cancel reply Your comment * Your email address will not be shared or made public. Name * Email * Please enter an answer in digits: 9 + 3 = Related News WhatsApp launches video calling for everyone Posted by Morgan Walker on 15 November, 2016 Amazon Music Unlimited Released To UK – Cheap With Echo! Posted by Morgan Walker on 14 November, 2016 Daydream VR Headset – Out Now! Posted by Morgan Walker on 10 November, 2016 Mean Streets of Gadgetzan – Dragon Priest Meta? Posted by Morgan Walker on 7 November, 2016 10 Gadget Tips to make life a little easier Posted by Morgan Walker on 1 November, 2016 Article categories: 3D, Gadget News, General Gadgets Join our club! We are a unique technical support helpline covering the top selling gadgets in the UK. Sign up now Membership benefits Refer a friend Support and contact Cancellations Follow Gadget Helpline Tweets by @Gadget_Helpline Sponsored Link Gadget Helpline is part of the TMTI group of companies.© Copyright TMTI Ltd 2011, all rights reserved. Home Contact Gadget Helpline Terms and Conditions This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Processors Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Graphics/Sound Recent additions: ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 And GTX 1050 Ti Review: Low Power, Low Price Pascal Custom GeForce GTX 1080 Round Up With ASUS, EVGA, And Gigabyte Motherboards Recent additions: Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested MSI Z170A Gaming M9 ACK Motherboard Review: Sharp Dressed, Feature Packed Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights Storage Recent additions: Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Samsung SSD 960 Pro NVMe M.2 Review: Blazing Fast, Solid State Storage Misc Recent additions: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Review: A Minimalistic Mechanical Plank Intel Unveils Project Alloy Merged Reality Headset And Partnership With Microsoft For Windows Holographic Shell Hykso Boxing Sensors Review: Wearable Technology And Fitness Collide SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Desktops Recent additions: Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Workstation Recent additions: Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights NVIDIA Quadro M2000 Review: Affordable Maxwell Pro Graphics Lenovo ThinkPad P70 Mobile Workstation Review: Xeon And Quadro On The Go Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Notebooks Recent additions: Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Asus ZenBook 3 Review: An Intel Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Smartphones Recent additions: Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Moto G4 Play Review: Budget Android, Full-Featured And Unlocked Tablets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Review: A 2-In-1 For Pros Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Review: A Premium, Ultra-Thin Windows Convertible Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: NES Classic Edition Alienware 13 Samsung 960 EVO GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Surface Studio Kaby Lake And Zen Windows 10 home Mobile Notebooks by Joshua Gulick — Tuesday, September 06, 2016 HP Pavilion x360 13t Review: A Quality Mainstream Convertible Laptop Article Index:    Introducing The HP Pavilion x360 13t HP Pavilion x360 13t Design and Build Quality HP Pavilion x360 13t ATTO Disk, SunSpider And Cinebench HP Pavilion x360 13t PCMark 8, 3DMark, Far Cry 2 Performance HP Pavilion x360 13t Battery Life And Acoustics HP Pavilion x360 13t Performance Summary And Final Analysis Introducing The HP Pavilion x360 13t Mainstream notebooks, laptops, and convertible devices have been significantly refined over the last few generations. The $500-$900 price range generally features laptops that are thin and light, built well, have decent battery life, and deliver solid multimedia experiences. Intel has a stranglehold on the CPUs and graphics in many of these mid-level systems, so PC makers seem to be emphasizing design differences lately. As important as performance is, you may well choose your next laptop because it converts into a mode or use case that fits your needs, rather than because of its technical specifications. HP aims the Pavilion x360 series at buyers who are looking for a non-traditional laptop. All of the laptops in the series have hinges that let the display fold back into tablet mode, as well as some other handy modes in between. It faces competition from the likes of the Asus ZenBook Flip, certain Dell models, and, of course, the Lenovo Yoga line.  Before we dig into the system components, we should point out that HP’s Pavilion laptop family was among systems, including Compaq, Compaq Presario, Envy and ProBook models, that were subject to a recall this summer. The recall, which targets potentially defective batteries, appears to affect only a small number of Pavilion laptops, but checking its status is easy enough. All new machines should be fine, however. HP Pavilion x360 13t Specifications & Features Processor Intel Core i5-6200U Dual-Core 2.3GHz (Max 2.8GHz) OS Windows 10 Home 64-bit Display 13.3-inch HD UWVA IPS WLED-backlit (1366x768) Touch Graphics Intel HD Graphics 520 Storage 128GB M.2 SSD Memory 8GB DDR4-2133 (1x 8GB) Audio Bang & Olufsen PLAY, 2 Speakers Camera HP Wide Vision HD Webcam with Dual Digital Mic Networking 802.11n and Bluetooth 4.0 Ports: L 1x USB 2.0, Headphone, Lock Slot Ports: R 2x USB 3.0, 1x HDMI, SD Card Reader Battery 3-Cell 41WHr Li-Ion Battery Weight 3.66 Pounds Dimensions 12.85 x 8.74 x 0.78 Inches Keyboard Full-Size Island-Style Warranty 1-Year Limited Warranty With Toll-Free Support Price $759.99 MSRP As Tested, Lower At Amazon HP starts the Pavilion x360 line at $379.99, with an 11.6-inch display and entry-level hardware on-board. The 13.3-inch Pavilion x360 13t starts at $479.99 and the 15.6-inch Pavilion x360 15t rings in at $539.99. A system with either of the two largest displays starts with an Intel Core i3 processor, 4GB of memory, Intel HD Graphics 520, and a traditional spinning hard drive. We are reviewing the HP Pavilion x360 13t here. The configurator for the Pavilion x360 13t has plenty of options for most components, including four processor choices, memory ranging from 4GB to 12GB, two display resolutions (1366x768 and 1920x1080) and three storage options. You can also pick your networking hardware. And as with most HP laptops, you can browse dozens of accessories and software titles as well. We like that HP has so many options for buyers and we’re (mostly) happy with the x360’s customizability. We tested a Pavilion x360 13t with some of the top features available for this series. The upgrades start with the processor, which is an Intel Core i5-6200U, which was paired to 8GB of DDR4-2133 RAM. The Core i5-6200U is the laptop’s best CPU option and bumps up the price by $150. Doubling the standard 4GB of memory will set you back an additional $80. Our test system features the default display option. The standard display is a touchscreen and has an HD resolution (1366x768), but unless your budget is really stretched, we’d pony up the extra $70 here for the 1920x1080 FHD touchscreen display. The display is a feature that has a huge impact on your experience, so we’d make some concessions on other features before we’d settle for 1366x768 on a new notebook if we had to. Speaking of settling, HP’s storage options for the Pavilion x360 13t left us wanting more. If you’re looking for a traditional hard drive, you have two reasonable choices: a 500GB, 5400rpm SATA drive, or a 1TB SATA drive, also spinning at 5400rpm. But SSDs are preferable in terms of durability and performance, so we’re a little surprised that the only SSD option is an 128GB M.2 module. The SSD only tacks $40 onto the default system price, but 128GB is a little small in our opinion and HP doesn’t offer a secondary storage option – you can’t add that 500GB unit as your data drive if you wanted. A 256GB SSD or an SSD/HDD combo would be a real improvement for the Pavilion x360 13t’s storage options. As it stands now, you’ll need to sacrifice the performance benefits of solid state storage to get more than 128GB of space. Of course, if you’re a Dropbox guru, 128GB might suit you just fine. HP also offers multiple networking options, but stuck with the standard 802.11n / Bluetooth 4.0 combo in our test system. You can upgrade to 802.11ac / Bluetooth 4.2 for $10 or take the high-end 802.11ac (2x2) combo (which also has Bluetooth 4.2) for a $30 upcharge. Interestingly, the keyboard lighting is optional as well. You’ll pay $30 extra if that’s a must-have feature for you. Our test system, running Windows 10 Home 64-bit, came to $759.99. That’s a serious bump from the base model, so let’s take a look at the laptop and see if it’s worth the price. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Introducing The HP Pavilion x360 13t HP Pavilion x360 13t Design and Build Quality HP Pavilion x360 13t ATTO Disk, SunSpider And Cinebench HP Pavilion x360 13t PCMark 8, 3DMark, Far Cry 2 Performance HP Pavilion x360 13t Battery Life And Acoustics HP Pavilion x360 13t Performance Summary And Final Analysis Tags:  Notebook, HP, laptop, Pavilion, Core i5, review, (nyse:hpq), pavilion x360 Image gallery Related content Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Adventures With Dell's Rugged PC Line-Up Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS Chrome Crushing It In The Browser Wars...45 Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10...13 Google DeepMind AI's Ability To Discern...9 Hell Freezes Over As Microsoft Releases...8 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Allegedly...7 Kaspersky Calls Out Microsoft For...5 Apple 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar...5 FEATURED Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish,... Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review:... Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit... ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme... Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks... WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...745k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...581k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...558k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...542k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...484k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...435k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...382k THREADS HotHardware's Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t...8 HH Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t Notebook...7 I'm hanging in there until I win my new...4 Am I overclocking a PIC18F4525?1 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review:... Adventures With Dell's Rugged PC... Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane... Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing... Moto G4 Play Review: Budget Android,... Asus ZenBook 3 Review: An Intel Kaby... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2016 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»INTC Stock: Intel Corporation is Gearing Up For a Bullish Turn INTEL CORPORATION 32,831  Euro -0,056 -0,17 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 18:03 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,841 32,949 19:07 32,839 32,903 19:07 06.09.2016 | 17:04 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) ProfitConfidential.com·Mehr Nachrichten von ProfitConfidential.com INTC Stock: Intel Corporation is Gearing Up For a Bullish Turn Cloud Computing is a Tailwind for Intel Stock Rivals are nipping at Intel Corporation's (NASDAQ:INTC) heels, but INTC stock is still the undisputed King of Microchip Makers. No firm has been able to knock it off the throne, and that kind of toughness keeps me bullish on Intel stock. The company has dramatically altered its business, scaling back investment in its personal computer (PC) division and redirecting those resources to formative areas like cloud computing. I've. Den vollständigen Artikel lesen ... © 2016 ProfitConfidential.com Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 Closing The Book On Intel And Vuzix ► Artikel lesen 16:21 Tech Today: Salesforce, Marvell Surge, Apple's Inventory, Intel's A.I. ► Artikel lesen 15:46 Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good ► Artikel lesen 15:22 Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,831 -0,17 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Intel Grows Computer Vision Capabilities With Movidius Buy       Intel Grows Computer Vision Capabilities With Movidius Buy     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-09-06 Print               Movidius' low-power SoCs will integrate with Intel's RealSense technology to bring computer vision processing to IoT, VR and other devices. Intel is expanding its capabilities in virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the internet of things with the planned acquisition of Movidius, whose low-power processors are designed to enable much of the processing of data gathered from such technologies as Intel's RealSense computer vision platform. Intel officials are positioning the move as a way to increase the chip maker's presence in a broad array of devices, such as robots, drones and virtual reality (VR) headsets, and make it larger player in such emerging areas as VR, augmented reality (AR), machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI). The acquisition is also part of Intel's larger initiative to refocus much of its efforts and resources on such growth markets, pivoting away from the struggling global PC market. Computer vision will play an increasingly important role in everything from drones and VR to autonomous cars and internet of things (IoT) devices, and the addition of Movidius gives Intel a low-power system-on-a-chip (SoC) business that can complement its RealSense technology and bring on-device processing to many of these devices. "Simply put, computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Cameras serve as the 'eyes' of the device, the central processing unit is the 'brain' and a vision processor is the 'visual cortex,'" Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, wrote in a post on the company blog. "As devices become smarter and more distributed, we recognize that specific system-on-a-chip (SoC) attributes will be paramount to giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020. … With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications." The Movidius acquisition is only the latest move by the chip maker to broaden its capabilities in AI, computer vision and cognitive computing. Intel officials in October 2015 announced the company was buying Saffron Technology, whose products are designed to mimic the human brain in how it learns and processes information, and in August bought Nervana Systems, a startup that has developed software and hardware for machine learning. At the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) last month, officials also unveiled plans for a new Xeon Phi many-core chip—code-named Knights Mill—that will compete with GPUs from Nvidia in the machine-learning task for training neural networks. Intel and Nvidia are seeing their competition in the AI and deep learning fields heating up. The addition of Movidius will give Intel another tool in the AI space. Its RealSense cameras include depth-sensing capabilities that enable systems to view the work in 3D. Much of the processing for these systems is done in the cloud, but Movidius' low-power SoCs are designed to bring more of the computer vision processing onto the devices themselves. The company's Myriad vision processing units (VPUs) are already being used by such companies as Google, Lenovo, DJI and FLIR for such devices as drones, security cameras and VR/AR headsets, according to officials. "When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that's just the beginning," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane wrote in a post on the company blog. "We're on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. In the years ahead, we'll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think." Intel's Walden said that the company sees "massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key." In particular, Intel is looking to use Movidius' technology in such areas as AR and VR, drones, robotics and digital security cameras, he wrote.             LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   MobileIron Adds Single Sign-On to Box, Office 365, Salesforce Apple And PayPal Enable Payments Through Siri Voice Commands Revamped Google Play Music to Use Machine Learning to Suggest Songs Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  

CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Intel acquiring Movidius – may be their “in” for Android over Qualcomm Chris Burns - Sep 6, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit This week begins with an acquisition of Movidius by Intel, the sort of acquisition that might go unnoticed by the average user. What’s important about this acquisition is Movidius’ work with drone obstacle avoidance sensors for DJI, heat sensor technology with FLIR, deep learning with a variety of companies – and, perhaps most importantly, the brains (the chip) that makes Google’s Project Tango possible. Now Intel has announced that they’re acquiring Movidius, and big things are happening behind the scenes. The Movidius Vision Processing Unit was what made the first developer kits for Tango work. Google worked with Qualcomm to make ready the consumer versions of Tango technology for phones and tablets, and it seemed that Movidius disappeared from the equation. Now with Intel picking up the entirety of the company, we might be seeing another path for the company – and/or for Intel to get their big break with Android device manufacturers. This acquisition also has a lot to do with Intel’s RealSense technology. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key,” said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. “Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond. Movidius’ market-leading family of computer vision SoCs complements Intel’s RealSense offerings in addition to our broader IP and product roadmap.” ABOVE: Image created by source Intel/Movidius Movidius works with Intelligent Machine Vision for robotics, wearables, smart security, and augmented (and virtual) reality as well, so there’s plenty else that Intel could have in mind for their near future. More information on how this acquisition is planned to take place can be found in the Movidius CEO post released this week. Story Timeline Tango chip maker Movidius, Google to make smartphones smarter Intel Joule is the tiny Maker module for the IoT Intel's WiGig VR prototype cuts Oculus' cord Intel eyes a future where USB-C headphones reign supreme Meet Intel 7th Gen Core, the 4K, VR-ready "Kaby Lake" processors Tags AndroidgoogleIntelmobileProject TangoQualcommSoCTango Must Read Bits & Bytes Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Latest Headlines AT&T will detail DirecTV Now on Nov 28: 4 things to know now Nov 18, 2016 Apple does the math on “Made in America” iPhone Nov 18, 2016 Amazon’s Black Friday starts early with Alexa’s Voice Shopping Nov 18, 2016 Volvo trials concierge app to refuel and relocate your car Nov 18, 2016 Pokemon Sun and Moon: How to get and evolve Munchlax Nov 18, 2016 Latest Reviews GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected Jim Edwards Sep. 5, 2016, 7:35 AM 387,163 facebook linkedin twitter email print JK Scheinberg.JK Scheinberg / Linkedin JK Scheinberg, the engineer who spent 21 years working at Apple and is best known for persuading Steve Jobs to move the Mac from PowerPC to Intel in 2005, was rejected from a job at an Apple store a few years later. He had applied to work at a Genius Bar, according to The New York Times. The Times used it as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. Ashton Applewhite wrote in The Times: "I'm lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. 'On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, "We'll be in touch,"' he said. 'I never heard back.'" Apple, notoriously, employs very young workers in its stores. It is unlikely that anyone is more qualified to work at an Apple store than Scheinberg, who ran the "Marklar" Intel project. Business Insider described Marklar in an article on the extreme culture of secrecy inside Apple: "Kim Scheinberg tells this story about her husband, Apple employee JK, who invented an Intel version of Mac OSX that ran on PCs. Bertrand Serlet, the svp of software engineering, liked the project: "'Bertrand sits JK down and has a talk with him about how no one can know about this. No one. Suddenly, the home office has to be reconfigured to meet Apple security standards. "'JK points out to Bertrand that I know about the project. In fact, not only do I know about it, I am the person who named it. "'Bertrand tells JK that I am to forget everything I know, and he will not be allowed to speak to me about it again until it is publicly announced. "'I guess he had some kind of "Total Recall" memory wipe in mind.'" MacRumors has a nice summary of the story too. It begins with Scheinberg realising that he could use an off-the-shelf Sony PC to run a version of Mac OS X, the Apple desktop operating system: "Bertrand walks in, watches the PC boot up, and says to JK, 'How long would it take you to get this running on a (Sony) Vaio?' JK replies, 'Not long' and Bertrand says, 'Two weeks? Three?' "JK said more like two *hours*. Three hours, tops. "Bertrand tells JK to go to Fry's (the famous West Coast computer chain) and buy the top of the line, most expensive Vaio they have. So off JK, Max and I go to Frys. We return to Apple less than an hour later. By 7:30 that evening, the Vaio is running the Mac OS. [My husband disputes my memory of this and says that Matt Watson bought the Vaio. Maybe Matt will chime in.] "The next morning, Steve Jobs is on a plane to Japan to meet with the President of Sony." Scheinberg later tweeted: Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism — JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Apple Genius Bar Apple Store facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected JK Scheinberg, the engineer who spent 21 years... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Ministry of Innovation / Business of Technology Intel acquires Movidius to bring “computer vision” to more devices Movidius' SoCs and algorithms let computers "see" and process the real world. by Valentina Palladino - Sep 6, 2016 1:56 pm UTC Login to bookmark 24 Computer vision is a critical technology for smart, connected devices of the future. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Intel Last night, Intel announced that it will buy Movidius, an Irish company that makes computer vision processors used in devices such as drones and virtual reality systems. According to Intel's press release, the goal is to weave Movidius' technology in with Intel's RealSense cameras to enhance "computer vision and perceptual computing" in its devices. Movidius has been around for nearly a decade, making low-power, high-performance SoCs that have been used by the likes of Lenovo, DJI, and others. It has also created algorithms for deep learning, depth processing, and navigation, so it's easy to see why Intel would want to use both of those pieces in its RealSense camera systems. While Intel has the "eyes" of the computer down with RealSense, Movidius' technology will likely become an integrated part of the computer's "brain" as the visual cortex. Intel says it's particularly looking to integrate Movidius' work into augmented, virtual, and merged reality systems as well as robotics and security systems. Intel has been shopping around for companies that contribute to this bottom line; just last month, the company acquired the deep-learning company Nervana Systems to help it compete in the AI sphere. Recent acquisitions show how Intel has broadened its focus away from x86, turning its attention to new technology like virtual reality devices, drones, and smart home products. The details of the Intel-Movidius deal have not been disclosed yet, but the acquisition should be finalized by the end of this year. Expand full story Reader comments 24 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Valentina Palladino / Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #SurgicalStrike News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Intel acquires Movidius to let connected devices 'see' In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. "I'm excited to announce our pending acquisition of Movidius. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC (System on a Chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications," Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Movidius is working with customers like Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. "Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in a separate statement. Computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more -- capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets, Intel said. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," Walden said. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Walden noted. Other details of the transaction have not yet been made public. --IANS gb/na/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Tata Motors bags orders for over 5,000 buses Zika to have 'small impact' on Singapore's economy Business Standard Intel acquires Movidius to let connected devices 'see' IANS  |  New York  September 6, 2016 Last Updated at 17:38 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THaT6f Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ French firm launches 'connected' health devices in India Internet-connected wireless implanted devices in the offing Intel acquires start-up co-founded by Indian-origin biz man New app to let devices watch your surroundings 24x7 Intel and Microsoft face different challenges in shifts to cloud In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. "I'm excited to announce our pending acquisition of Movidius. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC (System on a Chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications," Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Movidius is working with customers like Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. "Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in a separate statement. Computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more -- capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets, Intel said. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," Walden said. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Walden noted. Other details of the transaction have not yet been made public. --IANS gb/na/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Intel Acquires Movidius To Let Connected Devices 'see' | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Get advantage of both worlds with mutual funds MIT Sloan Executive Program in General Management Invest in mutual funds through SIP for your financial health Should You Rely Only on Your Corporate Health Insurance? Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 5 Investors, 50 Entrepreneurs, Instant funding Home loans: Think beyond interest rates Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Choose a mutual fund that strives for growth! MIT Sloan EPGM: Get Alumni benefits, Apply Now Intel acquires Movidius to let connected devices 'see' In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. "I'm excited to announce our pending acquisition of Movidius. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC (System on a Chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications," Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Movidius is working with customers like Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. "Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in a separate statement. Computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more -- capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets, Intel said. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," Walden said. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Walden noted. Other details of the transaction have not yet been made public. --IANS gb/na/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Intel Buys Movidius, the Machine Vision Firm That Powers Google Tango  Shekhar Thakran, 06 September 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Movidius is already working with Google, DJI, and Lenovo Reportedly, all 180 employees from Movidius will be integrated at Intel Movidius CEO says company to stay focused on its objective Intel announced Project Euclid, at its Intel Developers Forum last month, based on company's RealSense perceptual computing platform. With this announcement the company made it clear that it is serious about the concept of computer vision. Now, the company has gone ahead further and announced that it is going to acquire computer vision chipmaker Movidius. Movidius as a chipmaker is not an unknown entity in the industry as it is already working with companies such as Google, DJI, FLIR, and Lenovo to provide its vision technology to various electronic devices such as drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets etc. Movidius, interestingly, provided the computer vision chips used in the first generation of Google Project Tango devices, including the first commercial Tango product, the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro. Its hardware helps map surroundings using 3D tools like cameras and sensors. The company also provided chips for the collision avoidance system on the DJI Phantom 4.In a note regarding the acquisition, Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said that the company will remain focused on its objective to provide vision to machines but will now have the resources to innovate faster and execute at scale. (Also see: Your Android Smartphone Could Soon Recognise People and Objects Around You) "With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications. Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. Movidius' technology optimizes, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition," Intel's Senior Vice President and General Manager of the New Technology Group Josh Walden said in his editorial. Walden further said that specifically, the company will look to deploy the technology across its "efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond." "Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing, enabled by RealSense in conjunction with Movidius and our full suite of perceptual computing technologies," Walden added. A spokesperson from Intel has told The Verge that all of the 180 employees at Movidius will be "integrated" into Intel's Perceptual Computing group. Tags: Intel Movidius Acquisition, Intel RealSense, Computer Vision Technology, Movidius, Intel SwiftKey Keyboard Update Brings Support for Android 7.0 Nougat Emoji Intel Buys Movidius, the Machine Vision Firm That Powers Google Tango     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 LYF WATER 11 4G VoLTE In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 11,699Rs. 7,299 Zen Cinemax 3 In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 7,999Rs. 4,349 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent This Possible Nintendo Switch Launch Game Sounds Absolutely Bizarre Reliance Global Call Unveils International Calling App for Android, iOS Google Play Newsstand Gets Makeover; Launches on Web Don’t Let Kids Watch What They Shouldn’t With The New YouTube Kids Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked This Credit Card-Sized Phone Starts Shipping From November-End Pokemon Stars Is the Nintendo Switch’s Pokemon Sun and Moon: Report US Says Concerned Over Russia Blocking Access to LinkedIn Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Price, Image, Specifications Leaked Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones More News TRENDING Do Not Click or Share That WhatsApp Video Calling Invite Link - It's Fake Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Flipkart Unveils Exchange Offers for Google Pixel, Pixel XL Smartphones Vivo V5 vs Oppo F1s vs Gionee S6s: The Selfie Smartphone Battle Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano With 5.5-Inch Display Images and Specifications Leaked With Trump in Power, Apple Said to Be Considering Making iPhones in US OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched Vivo V5 First Impressions Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
null
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools 12 steps to lower your espionage risk More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Operating Systems Windows 10 Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols I don’t like being force-fed Windows 10 Microsoft, along with AMD and Intel, has made darn sure you’ll be running Windows 10 and not Windows 7 on the next PC you buy By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols | Follow Computerworld | Sep 6, 2016 5:08 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Microsoft Sweden, CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons More like this Intel's new Kaby Lake chips for PC: Here's the company's vision Upgrading to Windows 10 and questioning <i>The New York Times</i> Microsoft relents on shorter Windows 7 support decree Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Clueless CIO cloud confusion continues Windows 10 runs again — but for how... I want out of Windows patch hell AirPods: Just as bad as you thought... I don’t like being force-fed Windows 10 Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Would you subscribe to Windows? I don’t want to be LinkedIn with... Is Oracle cooking its cloud books? Oracle’s API stance would be silly if... Show More I’m a Linux guy, but I kind of like Windows 10. However, its luster has been wearing thin. First, there was Cortana’s eavesdropping. Then there was the insanely buggy Windows 10 Anniversary Update. Adding insult to injury, Microsoft now force-feeds us updates and gives us only 10 days to roll them back. But, thought I, I could still run Windows 7, my favorite Microsoft operating system, when I needed to run Windows. Wrong! I should have seen the handwriting on the wall. Back in January 2016, Microsoft announced that it would support new Intel Skylake-powered PC with Windows 7 and 8.1 only until July 2017. Just 18 months of support for a PC that’s likely to be used for over four years? I don’t think so. After much screaming by customers, Microsoft backed off on that plan.Windows 7 support will now expire on Skylake-powered PCs on Jan. 14, 2020, with support for Windows 8.1 ending on Jan. 10, 2023. But, with a new generation of AMD and Intel chips, Microsoft is doing it again — only more so! The boys from Redmond won’t support Windows 7 — or Windows 8.1, for those who care — on Intel’s forthcoming Kaby Lake or AMD’s Zen chips. Only Windows 10 will be supported on the next generation of CPUs. Bad enough that I had to fight to keep Windows 10 off my Windows 7 PCs; now I can’t install it on new processors! Not fair, Microsoft, not fair at all. Microsoft told AMD, Intel and Qualcomm, with its 8996 CPU, to support only Windows 10. As an Intel spokesperson said, “We are committed to working with Microsoft and our ecosystem partners to help ensure a smooth transition given these changes to Microsoft’s Windows support policy.” Specifically, “No, Intel will not be updating Win 7/8 drivers for 7th Gen Intel Core per Microsoft’s support policy change.” What does that really mean? Will Windows 7 run on Kaby Lake processors? It should. The x86 instruction set has a long history, and Intel isn’t going to change what isn’t broken. That said, Windows 7 on newer processors might be glitchy. I don’t want to find that out after spending a grand for a brand-new, top-of-the-line computer. Or it could be that Windows 7 will run fine, albeit without support, except for new Kaby Lake features such as 4K graphics support. But what does Microsoft mean exactly by not supporting it? Will I be unable to patch my Windows 7 Kaby Lake PC? Who knows? I don’t. And neither does anyone else. Color me annoyed. I get why Microsoft wants to do this. Officially, it wants everyone singing “Kumbaya” around its more manageable, more secure, more everything-wonderful Windows 10. The real truth is that, free upgrades and all, Microsoft hasn’t been able to hit its goal of 1 billion Windows 10 users by 2018. Windows 10 has been adopted faster than any other version of Windows to date, but that’s not what Microsoft wanted. So, instead of trying more carrots — say, offering free upgrades again — Microsoft is resorting to the stick: You will run Windows 10 on new machines or nothing. Thanks, Microsoft. Thanks a lot. This just makes me glad that I’m a desktop Linux user. Linux, you see, will support the newest chips. Chromebook users can also look forward to running the fastest chips. Windows 7 and 8.1 users? Not so much. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Windows 10 Microsoft Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols has been writing about technology and the business of technology since CP/M-80 was the cutting-edge PC operating system, 300bps was a fast Internet connection, WordStar was the state-of-the-art word processor, and we liked it! 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Opinion by Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Previous Next Clueless CIO cloud confusion continues Windows 10 runs again — but for how long? I want out of Windows patch hell AirPods: Just as bad as you thought they’d be Currently reading I don’t like being force-fed Windows 10 Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Would you subscribe to Windows? I don’t want to be LinkedIn with Microsoft Is Oracle cooking its cloud books? Oracle’s API stance would be silly if it weren’t so dangerous Oracle v. Google, and the end of programming as we know it Pausing on the PC death march Don’t be surprised when Microsoft Android shows up Malware is getting nastier, but that shouldn’t matter Nest’s Revolv and the Internet of Broken Things Is Apple rotting? Microsoft uses the force: You WILL upgrade to Windows 10 Why an Apple victory against the FBI would be a win for all of us There’s something fishy about those Windows 10 market-share numbers Living the CES security farce Security theater comes to CES The dying technologies of 2016 Yesterday’s technologies, today’s problems How bad a boss is Linus Torvalds? Microsoft doesn’t need Windows anymore Lies, damned lies and benchmarks Windows 10, the stealth OS Adobe Flash: Kill it now Oracle, still clueless about security I’m going to say no to the new MacBook Pro Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing White Paper Is Your IT Infrastructure Roadmap Meeting Your Evolving Business Strategy? Video/Webcast Sponsored The Cyber Security at Your Company is at Risk Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Fri, Nov 18, 2016 | Updated 11.30 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government IDC Herzliya signs MoU with SP Jain technology school for cybersecurity training No proposal for action against COAI over non-participation in Trai meet Global LED technology expo to be held in Delhi during December 2-4 Electric vehicle startup GMW helping companies make faster product deliveries IITs eye core sectors like finance, technology for this year's placements FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Intel acquires computer-vision hardware maker Movidius In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius.IANS | Updated: Sep 6, 2016, 06.16 PM IST NEW YORK: In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. "I'm excited to announce our pending acquisition of Movidius. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC (System on a Chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Movidius is working with customers like Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. "Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in a separate statement. Computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Intel's 7th generation 'Kaby Lake' processors launched Semiconductor giant Intel has unveiled its 7th generation Core processors. Developed for an immersive internet experience, the new generation of processors boast enhanced media media capabilities. The new line-up succeeds Intel’s 6th generation ‘Skylake’ processors, introduced in 2015. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more -- capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets, Intel said. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," Walden said. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Walden noted. Other details of the transaction have not yet been made public. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers Apple sends out invites for October 27 event 'hello again', hints at new MacBooks and more WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced Porn website Brazzers hacked, 800,000 user account details surface online Sistema plans to speed up investment in Indian startups PayPal and MasterCard join hands for in-store payments: WSJ European mobile payment companies prepared to take on competition from US Apple iPhone 7 units reportedly dispatched for global shipment Xiaomi Redmi 4 images leaked online, key processor specs detailed Volvo and Autoliv join hands to develop self-driving car software 180 Indian companies suffered 'ransomware' attacks so far this year: Report Rs 1000 crores Diwali loan boost for Snapdeal sellers 1Intel acquires computer-vision hardware maker Movidius 2Porn website Brazzers hacked, 800,000 user account details surface online 3Sistema plans to speed up investment in Indian startups 4PayPal and MasterCard join hands for in-store payments: WSJ 5European mobile payment companies prepared to take on competition from US 6Apple iPhone 7 units reportedly dispatched for global shipment 7Xiaomi Redmi 4 images leaked online, key processor specs detailed 8Volvo and Autoliv join hands to develop self-driving car software 9180 Indian companies suffered 'ransomware' attacks so far this year: Report 10Rs 1000 crores Diwali loan boost for Snapdeal sellers GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Intel acquires Movidius to let connected devices 'see' Intel acquires Movidius to let connected devices 'see' Source : Last Updated: Tue, Sep 06, 2016 18:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print New York, Sep 6 (IANS) In its bid to play a leading role in giving human-like sight to the 50 billion connected devices that are projected by 2020, Intel has acquired San Mateo-headquartered computer vision hardware-maker Movidius. "I'm excited to announce our pending acquisition of Movidius. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC (System on a Chip) platforms for accelerating computer vision applications," Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Movidius is working with customers like Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. "Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in a separate statement. Computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more -- capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets, Intel said. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," Walden said. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Walden noted. Other details of the transaction have not yet been made public. --IANS gb/na/dg SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
null
null
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Internet of Things News Intel buys Movidius to help bring computer vision to drones Intel hopes Movidius' expertise in low-power image-processing chips can help it into new markets By Peter Sayer | Follow Paris Bureau Chief, IDG News Service | Sep 6, 2016 3:53 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. A Movidius visual processing chip brings context to images. Credit: Movidius More like this Lenovo just signed a chip deal that points to a VR future Intel's Atom chips for cars and IoT could shed ugly mobile past Intel quietly kills its Project Tango smartphone, rethinks augmented reality Video How the Apple Watch copies Samsung and why you need to be scared Intel's RealSense computer vision platform has been lacking a low-powered way of recognizing what its depth-sensing cameras are seeing -- until now. The chip giant is buying Movidius, the designer of a range of system-on-chip products for accelerating computer vision processing. Movidius supplies chips to drone makers such as DJI and to thermal imaging company FLIR Systems, itself a supplier of DJI. Its chips help computers figure out what they are seeing through cameras like Intel's RealSense by breaking down the processing into a set of smaller tasks that they can execute in parallel. There are systems that already do this using GPUs, but those are relatively power-hungry, often consuming tens of watts. That's not a problem in fixed applications with access to mains electricity, or in cars, which have huge batteries and a way to recharge them. But in drones or other lightweight IoT devices, power consumption needs to be much lower. Movidius aims for a design power of around one watt with its Myriad 2 vision processing units. Having largely failed to get its Atom processors into smartphones, Intel is looking for ways to lever them into other devices, such as drones. Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, sees potential for Movidius to help it create systems for drones, and also for augmented, virtual and merged reality devices, robots and security cameras, he said in a post to the company's blog. It's not just about the chips, he said: Intel is also buying algorithms developed by Movidius for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions.   To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Internet of Things Mobile & Wireless Computer Processors Peter Sayer covers European public policy, artificial intelligence, the blockchain, and other technology breaking news for the IDG News Service. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Three Mistakes IT Makes That Could Cost Your Organization Millions Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Intel Corporation's Coffee Lake Means for Margins The company's new strategy may have been put in place to help preserve gross profit margins during a manufacturing transition. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 6, 2016 at 7:13AM Image source: Intel.  Thanks to leaks from both PC Watchand DIGITIMES, we now know that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is planning to do something interesting with the products that it plans to launch for the personal computer market. For thin and light notebooks, these reports suggest that the company intends to transition to products built with the company's new 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology, known as Cannon Lake. However, for higher-performance products -- such as higher-performance notebooks and desktop personal computers -- the company plans to build a fourth generation of products, known as Coffee Lake, on its more mature 14-nanometer technology. In this column, I'd like to explore the potential implications that this move could have on Intel's gross profit margins in the second half of 2017 to second half of 2018 time frame. Some background on Intel, manufacturing tech, and margins When Intel transitioned its personal computer product lines from its 22-nanometer technology to its 14-nanometer technology in 2015, the company's gross profit margins were negatively impacted. This was due to the fact that worse-than-expected manufacturing yields on its 14-nanometer manufacturing technology leading to increased product manufacturing costs generation over generation, as the following slide shows: Image source: Intel. Notice in the slide that in the "mainstream" and "value" segments of the personal computer chip market, Intel saw its costs rise significantly from the very low levels seen in 2014? This was due to the fact that Intel largely transitioned these product families from older 22-nanometer manufacturing technology to newer 14-nanometer technology. The "performance" segment actually saw costs remain flattish because the company didn't introduce desktop processors on 14-nanometer until the end of 2015; the company predicted that costs in this segment would surge in 2016 as product costs went up as a result of the 22-nanometer to 14-nanometer transition kicking in. With this background in mind, we can understand Intel's strategy vis-a-vis Coffee Lake and Cannon Lake. Partially offsetting the hit to mainstream by keeping performance 14-nanometer Beginning in late 2017 and extending through 2018 (so this discussion is centered around 2018 margins), Intel's mainstream product line will likely wholesale transition from 14-nanometer to 10-nanometer. I suspect that this will lead to an increase in product costs (I'm assuming that Intel's 10-nanometer yields won't be great out of the gate), diluting gross profit margins.  In terms of the slide above, I would expect 2018 mainstream product costs to tick up fairly significantly from where they will be in 2017. However, for the performance segment, I could see costs staying roughly flattish to 2017 levels (assuming that Coffee Lake doesn't add so much additional die area that it winds up ballooning product costs anyway). It's not clear what Intel's plan for the "value" segment is just yet. This segment is largely addressed by the company's Atom-based products sold under the Pentium and Celeron branding. In early 2015 these products transitioned to 14-nanometer and Intel recently released a new, second-generation Atom architecture. It took Intel roughly a year and a half to transition from the 22-nanometer Atom (launched in the third quarter of 2013) to the first 14-nanometer Atom (first quarter of 2015). It was also another year and a half to go from the first 14-nanometer Atom to the second 14-nanometer Atom product. Assuming that it takes Intel another year-and-a-half to transition Atom from 14-nanometer manufacturing to 10-nanometer manufacturing, we should expect the company to release 10-nanometer Atom-based processors for low-cost PCs in the first half of 2018. In this case, I would expect a negative impact to Intel's margins from that particular transition. All told 2018 might be a year in which Intel sees product costs increase (negatively impacting gross profit margins to some degree) as a result of the 10-nanometer transition, but by keeping a large portion of its shipments on 14-nanometer, it can soften that blow quite a bit.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 6, 2016 at 7:13AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.81 down $0.20 (-0.59%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
null
null
null
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web Intel to acquire Movidius for its compact computer vision chips By Anthony Spadafora Intel has announced its pending acquisition of compact computer vision chip maker Movidius. Shares Intel today announced its plans to acquire the chip manufacturer Movidius that focuses on developing integrated system-on-chip solutions for both machine learning and computer vision. Movidius has already made a name for itself by developing compact chips that are already being used in DJI's Phantom 4 drones.  The company has also worked with Lenovo in the past and a dedicated VR headset using its chips was quite close to being released earlier this year. At the Intel Developer Forum in August, Intel revealed its plan to develop Project Alloy, a fully cordless VR headset that utilises depth-sensing cameras.  The headset is still in development with plans for it to be released at the earliest in mid-2017.  Acquiring Movidius and its chips could very well give Intel a leg up on the competition when it comes to powering the technology that will make Project Alloy possible. The combination of Intel's depth-sensing cameras and Mobvius' low power machine-learning hardware could result in the creation of small devices capable of taking advantage of advanced augmented reality.  The merger of these two technologies could also result in a number of advancements in self-navigating drones, robots or even cars. The Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group, Josh Walden offered insight into Intel's plans for Movidius' technology in a company blog post, saying: “we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality, drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond.” Movidius' CEO Remi El-Ouazzane was also enthusiastic about what could be accomplished through the combination of the company's tech and Intel's, saying: “our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel's industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel RealSense technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly.” The acquisition is still pending at this point but it seems that Intel and Movidius are eager to see what could be accomplished through a combination of their technologies.  Image Credit: Ken Wolter / Shutterstock ABOUT THE AUTHOR Anthony Spadafora Anthony currently resides in South Korea where he teaches and experiences Korean technological advances first hand. Topics Mobvius chip manufacturer machine learning acquisition intel realsense Load Comments GET YOUR FREE eBOOK: LEARNING DOCKER worth £32.38 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for the ITProPortal newsletter to get this FREE 240 page eBook. + All the latest tech rumours, pre-release news, reviews & deals GET MY FREE eBOOK No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 3 Be warned: Sage scam invoice email is doing the rounds 4 How to tell if you've been hit by a DDoS attack, and 5 ways to be prepared 5 The top enterprise firewalls of 2015 1 Cloud as a security benefit 2 IT pros losing steam against cybercrime 3 A third of world's websites might be in trouble early next year 4 Fujitsu bolsters EMEIA defences with new cyber security business 5 fog computing what businesses need to know ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Intel Rack Scale converged architecture server design gets Huawei badge 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Daydream VR vs Vive vs Rift- Which virtual reality headset is best for you? Explore Planet Earth in 3D – 5 amazing places to visit on Google Earth VR Russia blocks LinkedIn, finds social network guilty of breaking storage laws Daydream VR vs Vive vs Rift- Which virtual reality headset is best for you? Explore Planet Earth in 3D – 5 amazing places to visit on Google Earth VR Apple mulls AR glasses in possible wearables expansion Driverless cars – is the UK being left behind? IBM, Nvidia collaborate on deep learning, AI hardware 5G services need low cost mobile spectrum Governments warned Driverless cars – is the UK being left behind? Why Today’s Cities Need to Get Smart with Data Smart devices are simple when it comes to cybersecurity Intel aims for AI Nervana, sets out artificial intelligence product roadmap Daydream VR vs Vive vs Rift- Which virtual reality headset is best for you? 10 future technologies that will change the world Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Music & video streaming, ecommerce, food delivery: Amazon shows it will compete with anyone – including itself Is Google crashing the Microsoft open source party? Microsoft joins Linux Foundation as it continues to embrace open source Locking down shadow IT in the enterprise How Microsoft is teeing off with the PGA Tour Travis Perkins turns to IBM Cloud to improve customer experience Locking down shadow IT in the enterprise How Microsoft is teeing off with the PGA Tour US election: Canada immigration site crashes as Trump defeats Clinton Human capital firm Fairsail, a UK software success story Music & video streaming, ecommerce, food delivery: Amazon shows it will compete with anyone – including itself Locking down shadow IT in the enterprise Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Could a DDoS wipe out Black Friday online sales? Three, Tesco, Yahoo and porn sites get hacked – but what happens with stolen data on the dark web? As IP Bill becomes law, what does the Snoopers Charter mean for your business? Three, Tesco, Yahoo and porn sites get hacked – but what happens with stolen data on the dark web? As IP Bill becomes law, what does the Snoopers Charter mean for your business? Cybercrime soars as consumers make it easy for hackers As IP Bill becomes law, what does the Snoopers Charter mean for your business? Cybercrime soars as consumers make it easy for hackers Cyber attack readiness is falling – major global study reveals Three Mobile Hack – 6 vital questions about the major data breach answered Cybercrime soars as consumers make it easy for hackers TalkTalk profits jump one year after mega data breach Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Pokemon Go iPhone crash: Is smartphone software outpacing hardware? Domino’s pizza takes to the sky with drone delivery 5G to have half a billion users by 2022 US election results – key US mainstream media outlets online for reaction and results US elections 2016- the biggest online only news streams including Google news, Facebook, Buzzfeed and Yahoo How to follow the US Election: Best Twitter, Facebook, Reddit accounts for election results, news & commentary Deloitte’s Fast 50 in UK tech revealed Pokemon Go iPhone crash: Is smartphone software outpacing hardware? Explore Planet Earth in 3D – 5 amazing places to visit on Google Earth VR Three, Tesco, Yahoo and porn sites get hacked – but what happens with stolen data on the dark web? Three Mobile Hack – 6 vital questions about the major data breach answered Russia blocks LinkedIn, finds social network guilty of breaking storage laws Apple cuts dongle prices as critics slam Macbook Pro ports LastPass secures mobile devices with free password syncing Alienware rolls out first compact VR gaming notebook Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Intel aims for AI Nervana, sets out artificial intelligence product roadmap HPE build world’s first solar powered supercomputer to fight Zika virus CEOs are flying blind on technology risk – they need insight from CIOs to avoid catastrophe HPE build world’s first solar powered supercomputer to fight Zika virus Microsoft bets big on wind energy for green data centres Data centre management – linking assets across the cloud 5 data centre efficiency metrics you need to know Data centre efficiency warning – firms need to make better use of tools and metrics Stay cool – Strange ways and new tech to stay cool in the data centre Data centre management – linking assets across the cloud Cisco pushes new modular storage servers as alternative to public cloud Colt continues European push with new Frankfurt data centre Big Data Analytics Locking down shadow IT in the enterprise How Microsoft is teeing off with the PGA Tour Why Today’s Cities Need to Get Smart with Data Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation 5 of the best portable storage deals from Seagate to Samsung Hyperconvergence – how far can it penetrate the enterprise data centre? SUSE, Microsoft, Linux and containers: open source continues its enterprise march Human capital firm Fairsail, a UK software success story Three, Tesco, Yahoo and porn sites get hacked – but what happens with stolen data on the dark web? HPE rolls out on-demand PaaS for SAP applications Intel aims for AI Nervana, sets out artificial intelligence product roadmap HPE build world’s first solar powered supercomputer to fight Zika virus NHS email system crashes after mail sent to 840,000 addresses AT&T and Colt claim software defined networking (SDN) breakthrough Centurylink funds Level 3 buyout with 57 data centres sell off IT giants go in search of zero downtime standard for enterprise IT Human capital firm Fairsail, a UK software success story What is Visual Studio and why should you care that it’s now on Mac Why the API Economy needs evolution, not revolution CEOs are flying blind on technology risk – they need insight from CIOs to avoid catastrophe Hyperconvergence – how far can it penetrate the enterprise data centre? Orange introduces Easy Go Network as part of NaaS strategy Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers IMO launches two affordable Android smartphones with Virgin Media European Commission warned to get Digital Single Market back on track or risk Europe’s digital economies All VerticalseBusiness Back to Home Intel Rack Scale converged architecture server design gets Huawei badge Increase / Decrease text size CBR Staff Writer 6th September 2016 0 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Add to favorites Converged system models launched as Huawei pushes further into the data centre Huawei announced servers based on Intel Rack Scale Design architecture. Two products, the FusionServer E9000 converged architecture blade server and FusionServer X6800 high-density server is part of Huawei’s striving to forge a new hyper-scale data center ecosystem, it said. The E9000 carries Intel  Xeon E5 v3, E5 v4, E7 v2 and E7 v3 series processors. It supports free combinations of 2-socket and 4-socket compute nodes. • Supports standard PCIe card expansion on half-width compute nodes. • Supports 6 standard PCIe card expansion or 2 full-height full-length dual slots GPGPU cards on full-width compute nodes. Storage is 8 x 2.5" hard disks on a full-width, 4-socket compute node. All-flash compute nodes and 12 NVMe SSDs embedded in full-width nodes. Supports a midplane capable of 15.6Tbit/s. • Provides 128 x 10GE ports on a chassis. • Supports GE/10GE/40GE/FCoE/FC/IB EDR switching and evolution to 100GE. Intel Rack Scale Design is a logical architecture that disaggregates compute, storage, and network resources, and introduces the ability to more efficiently pool and utilize these resources. RSD is based on the open industry standard Redfish and promises effective hyper-scale data center deployment. This Huawei announcement adds to the existing Huawei E9000 and X6800 product range. “Huawei values our close collaboration with Intel and we have cooperated in various areas of innovation,” said Mr. Qiu Long, President of the Huawei Server Product Line. “This release makes the Huawei FusionServer’s E9000 and X6800 early movers to join the Intel RSD server ecosystem. This not only extends the strength of Huawei in the server space, but also brings Huawei’s customers one step closer to a future of a fully software-defined infrastructure. Backed by Huawei’s innovations over the years, Huawei servers will continue to deliver superior performance and reliability to customers, empowering our customers with better confidence to compete in the future." Sandra Rivera, Vice President and General Manager of Intel Network Platforms Group said, “The launch of the Huawei RSD platform is indicative of the value in more agile and flexible solutions for hyper-scale data centers, supported by Intel architecture and technologies. This type of collaborative solution within the industry will accelerate data center innovation.” Previous ArticleIMO launches two affordable Android smartphones with Virgin Media Next ArticleEuropean Commission warned to get Digital Single Market back on track or risk Europe's digital economies Most read Three, Tesco, Yahoo and porn sites get hacked – but what happens with stolen data on the dark web? Ambrose McNevin 18th November 2016 Three Mobile Hack – 6 vital questions about the major data breach answered Ellie Burns 18th November 2016 10 future technologies that will change the world James Nunns 17th November 2016 A lesson from AdultFriendFinder hack: make credentials worthless to hackers Ellie Burns 15th November 2016 Cloud forces data centre traffic into the zettabyte era James Nunns 11th November 2016 London tech jobs to grow by a fifth despite Brexit Ellie Burns 11th November 2016 75,000 data protection officers needed worldwide for GDPR CBR Staff Writer 11th November 2016 Latest White Papers Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Monitor Continuously. Respond Swiftly. By Intel McAfee Labs Threats Report By Intel Editor’s Pick Could a DDoS wipe out Black Friday online sales? Alexander Sword 18th November 2016 Pokemon Go iPhone crash: Is smartphone software outpacing hardware? Alexander Sword 18th November 2016 Explore Planet Earth in 3D – 5 amazing places to visit on Google Earth VR Ellie Burns 17th November 2016 From artificial intelligence to SpaceX, Tesla and Hyperloop – The Elon Musk technology revolution James Nunns 16th November 2016 How Microsoft is teeing off with the PGA Tour CBR Staff Writer 16th November 2016 Related News Markets Could a DDoS wipe out Black Friday online sales? Alexander Sword 18th November 2016 Music & video streaming, ecommerce, food delivery: Amazon shows it will compete with anyone – including itself James Nunns 18th November 2016 Locking down shadow IT in the enterprise CBR Staff Writer 18th November 2016 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Intel aims for AI Nervana, sets out artificial intelligence product roadmap CBR Staff Writer 18th November 2016 4th Revolution 10 future technologies that will change the world James Nunns 17th November 2016 4th Revolution Driverless cars – is the UK being left behind? Ambrose McNevin 17th November 2016 Latest in Analysis Human capital firm Fairsail, a UK software success story Ambrose McNevin 18th November 2016 Markets Could a DDoS wipe out Black Friday online sales? Alexander Sword 18th November 2016 Markets Pokemon Go iPhone crash: Is smartphone software outpacing hardware? Alexander Sword 18th November 2016 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Human capital firm Fairsail, a UK software success story 52 mins ago Could a DDoS wipe out Black Friday online sales? 1 hour ago Music & video streaming, ecommerce, food delivery: Amazon shows it will compete with anyone – including itself 1 hour ago Locking down shadow IT in the enterprise 2 hours ago Three, Tesco, Yahoo and porn sites get hacked – but what happens with stolen data on the dark web? 5 hours ago As IP Bill becomes law, what does the Snoopers Charter mean for your business? 6 hours ago Intel aims for AI Nervana, sets out artificial intelligence product roadmap 6 hours ago Deloitte’s Fast 50 in UK tech revealed 7 hours ago HPE build world’s first solar powered supercomputer to fight Zika virus 7 hours ago HPE rolls out on-demand PaaS for SAP applications 7 hours ago Pokemon Go iPhone crash: Is smartphone software outpacing hardware? 8 hours ago A ‘built-to-change’ strategy is the future for businesses, says CA Technologies CEO 8 hours ago Daydream VR vs Vive vs Rift- Which virtual reality headset is best for you? 9 hours ago Three Mobile Hack – 6 vital questions about the major data breach answered 9 hours ago Augmented reality and Trump 1 day ago 10 future technologies that will change the world 1 day ago
null
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Intel buys into VR and computer vision and drones with Movidius Written by Scott Bicheno 06 September 2016 @ 11:48 US chip giant Intel is continuing its diversification drive with the acquisition of computer vision specialist Movidius for an undisclosed sum, to boost its VR and drone capabilities. Intel has been desperate to hedge its bets beyond the PC and server chip sectors for some time, with its bid to take on ARM in the mobile space famously not going as well as it would have hoped. At its recent IDF event Intel went big on AI and general futuristic cleverness, also announcing a bunch of tools for its RealSense computer vision platform, a camera module designed to enable devices to perceive their immediate environment and react to it. This is the part of the business Intel has in mind for Movidius, where the combined technologies will be used to make things like drones, virtual reality, robots, etc cleverer. More broadly, as you can see from the Intel slide below, this fits into ‘things’ as opposed to ‘cloud’ which seems to be how Intel broadly subdivides its business these days. We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” blogged GM of Intel’s New Technology Group Josh Walden. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. “Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond. Movidius’ market-leading family of computer vision SoCs complements Intel’s RealSense offerings in addition to our broader IP and product roadmap. “Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing, enabled by RealSense in conjunction with Movidius and our full suite of perceptual computing technologies.” Interesting choice of analogy there Josh. The Cambrian explosion was a primordial event during which the evolution of life on earth significantly accelerated and prior to which only the most primitive organisms existed. Considering Intel has been one of the most significant companies of the computing industry to date, the inference that it presided over a period that amounts to little more than Proterzoic slime is a tad unfortunate. “When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that’s just the beginning,” wrote Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzanne. “We’re on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. In the years ahead, we’ll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think.” Impressive claims, if a bit portentous in a Terminator/Matrix kind of way. Movidius had previously been working with the likes of Google on bringing AI and computer vision to mobile devices and this could be a way for Intel to get back into that game through another route. It’s certainly not being shy on the M&A front, but piecing all these components together into a coherent AI/VR/[insert futuristic abbreviation here] proposition won’t be easy. Tags: acquisition, AI, computer vision, drones, featured, Intel, Movidius, VR Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Six million Three customers at risk following hack UK passes Orwellian Snooper's Charter How did Europe’s top 5 telcos measure up over Q3? Intel makes $250 million bet on autonomous cars Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 3 days ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 3 days ago Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 8 days ago Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Smart Cities Summit 06-07 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all #Salesforce summer spending spree succeeds https://t.co/TzD487yXu0 #cloud #acquisitions #artificialintelligence 18 November 2016 @ 13:40:02 UTC #LTE isn't good enough for critical communications yet hhttps://t.co/TtmJiwaJY6##broadband##mobilebroadband 18 November 2016 @ 12:35:54 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sat,  19 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   AAMRATECH 25.80   -0.10 -0.39%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 19.40   1.70 9.60%   ACI   1.10   ACIFORMULA 157.30   1.30 0.83%   ACMELAB 102.90   -0.10 -0.10%   ACTIVEFINE 39.20   0.30 0.77%   AFCAGRO 45.70   0.70 1.56%   AFTABAUTO 56.50   0.30 0.53%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.30 1.64%   AGRANINS 17.20   -0.50 -2.82%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.50   -0.90 -0.94%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.10 0.66%   ALLTEX 9.30   0.70 8.14%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   4.40 1.01%   ANLIMAYARN 26.70   0.50 1.91%   ANWARGALV 73.00   5.10 7.51%   APEXFOOT 359.20   -4.70 -1.29%   APEXTANRY 124.50   2.10 1.72%   APOLOISPAT 16.00   -0.10 -0.62%   ARGONDENIM 28.00   -0.10 -0.36%   ASIAINS 16.40   -0.20 -1.20%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   -0.10 -0.61%   ATCSLGF 10.40   0.10 0.97%   ATLASBANG 112.20   -0.50 -0.44%   AZIZPIPES 61.80   -5.40 -8.04%   BANGAS 121.90   11.00 9.92%   BANKASIA 17.70   0.30 1.72%   BATASHOE 1175.00   -4.70 -0.40%   BATBC   14.20   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.20 0.99%   BBS   -1.90   BDFINANCE 10.30   0.30 3.00%   BDLAMPS 171.00   0.20 0.12%   BDTHAI 22.40   -0.30 -1.32%   BDWELDING 9.10   0.10 1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   BEACONPHAR 18.80   0.00 0.00%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -50.00 -2.08%   BEXIMCO 22.30   0.10 0.45%   BGIC   -0.10   BIFC   0.00   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 65.80   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1040.00   10.00 0.97%   BSC   -2.90   BSCCL   -0.70   BSRMLTD 140.60   -0.30 -0.21%   BSRMSTEEL 94.70   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 81.90   0.10 0.12%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 17.20   0.40 2.38%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.60   -0.50 -3.31%   CMCKAMAL 14.70   0.80 5.76%   CNATEX 8.00   0.10 1.27%   CONFIDCEM 109.00   -5.60 -4.89%   CONTININS 16.50   -0.50 -2.94%   CVOPRL 194.00   0.70 0.36%   DACCADYE 6.90   0.10 1.47%   DAFODILCOM 33.70   0.10 0.30%   DBH   0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 99.30   -1.20 -1.19%   DELTASPINN 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DESHBANDHU 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DHAKABANK 16.20   0.10 0.62%   DHAKAINS 20.60   0.60 3.00%   DOREENPWR 113.70   0.50 0.44%   DSSL   1.00   DULAMIACOT 7.70   0.70 10.00%   DUTCHBANGL 106.10   -0.40 -0.38%   EASTERNINS 24.30   0.50 2.10%   EASTLAND 20.50   -0.30 -1.44%   EASTRNLUB 908.90   -27.70 -2.96%   EBL   -0.10   EBL1STMF 5.00   -0.20 -3.85%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.10 2.17%   ECABLES 142.00   -1.60 -1.11%   EHL   -0.70   EMERALDOIL 33.70   0.10 0.30%   ENVOYTEX 36.60   0.50 1.39%   ETL   -0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.60   0.10 1.54%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.20 1.89%   FAMILYTEX 8.00   0.30 3.90%   FARCHEM 19.50   0.20 1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.10 0.16%   FASFIN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.10   -0.30 -2.88%   FEKDIL 22.30   -0.40 -1.76%   FINEFOODS 19.80   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.10 1.45%   FIRSTSBANK 12.20   0.20 1.67%   FORTUNE 46.40   3.10 7.16%   FUWANGCER 14.20   0.80 5.97%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.40 3.25%   GBBPOWER 15.00   0.30 2.04%   GEMINISEA 780.60   -10.90 -1.38%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.10 1.47%   GHAIL   -1.00   GHCL   -0.30   GLAXOSMITH 1565.20   -3.00 -0.19%   GLOBALINS 13.00   0.10 0.78%   GOLDENSON 15.40   0.20 1.32%   GP   3.20   GPHISPAT 29.00   0.50 1.75%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.60   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.40   0.30 1.49%   HEIDELBCEM 545.00   -0.20 -0.04%   HFL   -0.40   HRTEX   0.40   IBBLPBOND 972.00   4.00 0.41%   IBNSINA 211.90   0.20 0.09%   ICB   -0.70   ICB1STNRB 18.90   0.20 1.07%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   ICB3RDNRB 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   -0.10 -1.89%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   0.40   IFIC   1.00   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   0.00   IMAMBUTTON 10.60   0.00 0.00%   INTECH 11.70   0.30 2.63%   IPDC   -0.30   ISLAMIBANK 30.30   0.90 3.06%   ISLAMICFIN 15.70   0.20 1.29%   ISLAMIINS 17.30   0.10 0.58%   ISNLTD 12.90   0.40 3.20%   ITC   -0.50   JAMUNABANK 14.60   0.20 1.39%   JAMUNAOIL 192.70   -0.20 -0.10%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.40 -3.13%   JMISMDL 156.00   -1.10 -0.70%   JUTESPINN 54.20   0.70 1.31%   KARNAPHULI 14.30   0.10 0.70%   KAY&QUE 26.00   -2.50 -8.77%   KBPPWBIL 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   KDSALTD 66.20   0.40 0.61%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.20 2.04%   KOHINOOR 432.00   -4.00 -0.92%   KPCL   0.20   KPPL   -0.10   LEGACYFOOT 18.40   0.10 0.55%   LINDEBD 1343.00   0.60 0.04%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.40   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1212.10   -24.40 -1.97%   MATINSPINN 37.40   0.90 2.47%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGHNACEM 91.10   -2.90 -3.09%   MEGHNALIFE 53.10   0.10 0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.30 2.14%   MERCINS 14.00   -0.10 -0.71%   METROSPIN 6.40   0.10 1.59%   MHSML   0.20   MIDASFIN 22.80   -2.20 -8.80%   MIRACLEIND 37.80   -1.10 -2.83%   MITHUNKNIT 67.40   5.00 8.01%   MJLBD   -0.90   MODERNDYE 182.60   -5.30 -2.82%   MONNOCERA 36.30   0.50 1.40%   MONNOSTAF 589.10   6.00 1.03%   MPETROLEUM 181.70   -0.40 -0.22%   MTB   0.10   NATLIFEINS 173.80   0.30 0.17%   NAVANACNG 56.60   -0.80 -1.39%   NBL   -0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.30 2.86%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.00   NHFIL   -0.20   NITOLINS 21.40   -0.30 -1.38%   NORTHERN 219.00   19.90 9.99%   NORTHRNINS 18.70   -0.40 -2.09%   NTC   0.80   NTLTUBES 126.40   -3.20 -2.47%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 309.90   1.20 0.39%   ONEBANKLTD 15.10   0.30 2.03%   ORIONINFU 59.20   -0.80 -1.33%   ORIONPHARM 40.20   -0.70 -1.71%   PADMALIFE 22.80   0.20 0.88%   PADMAOIL 186.10   -0.30 -0.16%   PARAMOUNT 19.80   0.50 2.59%   PENINSULA 24.20   -0.20 -0.82%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 246.00   0.00 0.00%   PHENIXINS 22.30   0.60 2.76%   PHOENIXFIN 24.50   0.20 0.82%   PHPMF1 4.30   -0.10 -2.27%   PIONEERINS 29.40   -0.10 -0.34%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.50   0.10 2.27%   POPULARLIF 68.70   -0.40 -0.58%   POWERGRID 54.90   -0.30 -0.54%   PRAGATIINS 25.90   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 87.70   -0.40 -0.45%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.10 1.10%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   -0.90 -1.07%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.50   0.40 2.65%   PRIMEFIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   PRIMEINSUR 17.10   0.40 2.40%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   -0.80 -1.37%   PRIMETEX 22.10   -0.40 -1.78%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PROVATIINS 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   PTL   0.20   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 16.40   -0.10 -0.61%   QSMDRYCELL 100.40   1.80 1.83%   RAHIMAFOOD 84.60   -1.40 -1.63%   RAHIMTEXT 233.80   2.70 1.17%   RAKCERAMIC 61.80   2.80 4.75%   RDFOOD 15.60   -0.50 -3.11%   RECKITTBEN 1590.00   9.50 0.60%   REGENTTEX 12.90   -0.20 -1.53%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.10   -0.30 -0.65%   RENATA 1094.00   1.70 0.16%   REPUBLIC 16.70   -0.10 -0.60%   RNSPIN 17.10   -0.30 -1.72%   RSRMSTEEL 48.20   2.10 4.56%   RUPALIBANK 26.80   0.90 3.47%   RUPALIINS 17.40   0.10 0.58%   RUPALILIFE 36.70   0.90 2.51%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   SAIFPOWER 48.00   -12.60 -20.79%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.20 1.46%   SALAMCRST 27.60   0.40 1.47%   SALVOCHEM 13.50   0.10 0.75%   SAMATALETH 24.00   -0.30 -1.23%   SAMORITA 62.40   0.50 0.81%   SANDHANINS 29.80   0.60 2.05%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.40 1.03%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   0.40 4.30%   SHAHJABANK 13.80   0.10 0.73%   SHASHADNIM 62.00   -1.00 -1.59%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.50 2.50%   SINGERBD 182.80   -0.10 -0.05%   SINOBANGLA 23.60   0.30 1.29%   SONALIANSH 194.00   0.60 0.31%   SONARBAINS 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   SONARGAON 8.70   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   0.50 2.94%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.20 2.53%   SPCL   -1.20   SQUARETEXT 65.20   -0.60 -0.91%   SQURPHARMA 246.00   -1.70 -0.69%   STANDARINS 17.50   -0.50 -2.78%   STANDBANKL 10.40   0.40 4.00%   STYLECRAFT 1620.00   10.50 0.65%   SUMITPOWER 34.60   0.70 2.06%   SUNLIFEINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   TAKAFULINS 18.00   -0.20 -1.10%   TALLUSPIN 8.30   0.20 2.47%   TOSRIFA 17.50   -0.30 -1.69%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.50   0.40 1.73%   TUNGHAI 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.40 3.17%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   1.20 3.09%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.50   0.30 1.49%   UNITEDINS 24.60   0.10 0.41%   UPGDCL 142.40   0.60 0.42%   USMANIAGL 93.00   2.00 2.20%   UTTARABANK 23.60   -0.20 -0.84%   UTTARAFIN 58.00   -0.40 -0.68%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.10 1.14%   WATACHEM 162.00   5.80 3.71%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.20 -0.80%   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.20   -0.10 -0.65%   Latest News Overvalued taka stirs up worries Camera installation in Sundarbans begins soon Govt to distribute 362.2m free textbooks among students CI seizes contraband cigarettes at HSIA Streamlining hospitals and clinics Memorial meeting recalls R P Saha's contribution CU golden jubilee celebrations start 25 stranded BD workers return from Afghanistan Repatriate Bangabandhu killers, Nasim to Trump Quader terms Khaleda's EC proposals hollow Banding together in anti-tobacco battle TIME - 12:07 am National Watchdog lacks teeth to drive out the menace Economy France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc World Scots, Welsh can have say in Brexit court Stock Stocks stay positive for 3rd consecutive week Crackdown on tax evasion from imported goods soon TOP NEWS Mexican central bank ups interest rates to endure Trump   BD occupies 124th spot in UN e-government survey Fake news has power to destroy democracy: Obama Khaleda prioritises on ‘consensus’ to form next EC NATO 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance Trump offers security adviser job to Flynn 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast Abe has ‘great confidence in Trump’ Oil prices drop Asian shares tremble Medicine prices mark abnormal rise November 18, 2016, 11:39 pm The prices of a good number of prescription medicines have marked an abnormal rise in recent weeks prompting a chorus of disapproval by suffering patients and people in general. Medicine buyers allege that the drug-makers have raised prices primarily being guided Read more SoEs' share divestment hits deadlock November 18, 2016, 11:41 pm Most state-owned enterprises (SoEs) could not make any appreciable progress in divesting on the stock market despite a government directive for time-bound action, officials said.     They recall that Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina had set a deadline some six years back Read more Economy Fed could raise interest rates ‘soon’: Yellen  The chair of the US Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, has indicated that it could raise interest rates "relatively soon". She said this on Thursday in Congressional testimony that included a pledge BIDA bids to improve doing business rankings November 17, 2016, 11:25 pm US factory production rise in Oct November 17, 2016, 12:57 pm ‘Govt plans to reduce fuel oil prices soon’ November 17, 2016, 7:50 pm Inbound travelling drops in Q1 November 17, 2016, 6:45 pm Tofail flogs Pakistan for 'absurd' claim November 16, 2016, 6:33 pm Finance Overvalued taka stirs up worries A steep rise in real effective exchange rate (REER) of taka is eroding country's export competitiveness -- a major indicator of macroeconomic situation. Officials said a policy meeting in the past week at the government secretariat noted with grave concern such Banks struggling to hit turnover heights Business leaders want gradual opening up of capital account Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months Call to increase budget allocation for child-related initiatives Editorial Streamlining hospitals and clinics The rush of an estimated 0.70 million patients every year Streamlining hospitals and clinics The rush of an estimated 0.70 million patients every year Op-Ed Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Stock SE Asia stocks mostly fall  Most Southeast Asian stock markets fell on Friday, in line with boarder Asia, after US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's China stocks edge lower Nikkei share rises to 10-1/2-month high US stocks rise; bank stocks gain Stocks extend winning spell for third day AB Bank emerges as turnover leader on DSE Persistent buy pressure pushes market to the green Hong Kong shares up slightly  Hong Kong stocks flat  National Camera installation in Sundarbans begins soon BAGERHAT, Nov 18 (UNB) : The installation of cameras in the Sundarbans will begin soon to conduct an integrated tiger census using camera trapping method to access tiger population in the mangrove forest. "In the first phase, 400 cameras will be installed in the Satkhira range of the Sundarbans West Zone, identifying the locations where tigers frequently move around," divisional forest 25 stranded BD workers return from Afghanistan Envoy urges world to continue supporting Afghanistan Bangabandhu Satellite wins ITU award War criminal Yusuf Ali dies  High land price dents garment village dream Two ‘robbers’ killed in RAB shootout Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins JS body suggests dope test for students Trade and Market Ocean survey ship gets going today The first ocean fisheries research and survey ship of the country will be commissioned today (Saturday) to assess marine resources in the Bay of Bengal, officials said. Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina will inaugurate the commissioning of the ship through a video conference from the capital.  The 'RV Min Sandhani' will carry out survey and research for finding maritime resources. Besides, it will also BMW, Baidu joint project on self-driving cars breaks down Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Pacific rim leaders to debate future of trade post-Trump BIDA to hold meeting with ministries, business leaders today Export of plastic goods fetches $49.18 million in four months Onion import at cheap rate raises concerns Aman farmers happy with good yield, fair price VW announces massive job cuts World Tanker explosion claims 73 lives in Mozambique JOHANNESBURG, Nov 18 (AP): A fuel tanker exploded in northern Mozambique as residents gathered around to buy fuel from the driver on Thursday, killing 73 people and injuring 110 others, Mozambican media reported. Dozens of charred bodies were scattered around the blast site in the town of Caphiridzange in Tete province, and government officials believed more bodies might be in surrounding woods, Radio Mozambique reported. Some badly burned people had tried to run into a nearby river, the radio said. A truck ... Syria army intensify Aleppo air campaign Iraqi forces advance into Mosul under fire Pakistan navy "pushed" Indian submarine clear of its waters Sci-tech SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Private rocket firm SpaceX has applied for government permission to launch satellites that will provide global broadband internet access, reports Bangabandhu Satellite wins ITU award Whitson becomes oldest woman in space  Hidden ocean found on Pluto Education Govt to distribute 362.2m free textbooks among students The government will distribute 36,21,82,245 textbooks for free of cost among the primary and secondary level students in the academic year 2017, reports BSS. The free textbooks will be distributed among 4,26,35,929 pre-primary, primary, secondary, ibtedayi, dakhil, dakhil vocational, SSC vocational, small anthropological group and visually challenged students across the country. National Curriculum and Textbook Board (NCTB) Chairman Prof Narayan Chandra Saha told the news agency that the NCTB is working round-the-clock to reach new textbook to students through a 'book festival' ... CU golden jubilee celebrations start BUP holds seminar on economic development Less taking primary school certificate test this year Sports Vikings back in winning streak beating Kings by 19 runs CHITTAGONG, Nov 18 (UNB): After four successive defeats in the 4th Bangladesh Premier League, Chittagong Vikings bounced back with a Shami shatters Cook’s stump in early blow Du Plessis charged by ICC PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal Health Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Japan's health ministry has set a 50 per cent cut in the price of Opdivo, a costly immune system-boosting cancer Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes World Diabetes Day being observed DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Entertainment Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat has been punched and sprayed with tear gas by three masked attackers in an upmarket part Bob Dylan skipping Nobel ceremony Nation celebrates Nabanna International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Politics Repatriate Bangabandhu killers, Nasim to Trump ... Quader terms Khaleda's EC proposals hollow Parties observe 40th death anniv of Bhasani AL local govt nomination board's meeting today Country Two bikers die after crash with truck Two motorcyclists were killed and three people were injured in a road crash at Jogdol Bazar in Panchagarh sadar upazila Two ‘robbers’ killed in RAB shootout Missing youth found dead in Narail 26 Raigram village women change lot making 'Nakshi Kantha' PHOTO GALLERY Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina waves from the VVIP lounge of Dhaka’s Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) International Airport upon her arrival from Morocco on Thursday after attending two high level segments of COP-22 in Marrakech. – Focus Bangla photo Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army General Rajendra Chhetri called on President Abdul Hamid at Bangabhaban on Wednesday. - PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina delivers her speech at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP-22) at Bab Ighli in the Moroccan city of Marrakech. – Focus Bangla more news CI seizes contraband cigarettes at HSIA November 18, 2016, 10:37 pm Memorial meeting recalls R P Saha's contribution November 18, 2016, 10:37 pm Banding together in anti-tobacco battle November 18, 2016, 9:22 pm The necessity of leisure and recreation November 18, 2016, 9:21 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 114 ISSUES DECLINED 80 Most popular 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast November 18, 2016, 10:47 am Banks struggling to hit turnover heights November 18, 2016, 12:34 am Oil prices drop November 18, 2016, 11:21 am Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins November 18, 2016, 12:31 am High land price dents garment village dream November 18, 2016, 12:36 am Thrust on journos unity November 18, 2016, 12:28 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NORTHERN 199.10 219.00 208.80 219.00 10.00 DSSL 10.30 11.30 11.30 11.30 9.71 ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 62.40 67.40 61.00 66.80 7.05 ANWARGALV 67.90 73.00 68.50 72.50 6.78 FORTUNE 43.30 46.90 43.80 46.20 6.70 FUWANGCER 13.40 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.97 CMCKAMAL 13.90 14.70 14.00 14.60 5.04 IFIC 18.20 19.20 18.10 19.10 4.95 RAKCERAMIC 59.00 62.20 59.60 61.80 4.75 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 63.20 67.40 61.00 67.40 6.65 ANWARGALV 68.50 73.00 68.50 73.00 6.57 FORTUNE 43.80 46.90 43.80 46.40 5.94 PARAMOUNT 18.80 20.20 18.80 19.80 5.32 FUWANGCER 13.50 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.19 CMCKAMAL 14.00 14.70 14.00 14.70 5.00 PRIMEINSUR 16.30 17.20 16.30 17.10 4.91 NORTHERN 208.80 219.00 208.80 219.00 4.89 IFIC 18.40 19.20 18.10 19.20 4.35 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAIFPOWER 60.60 49.70 47.90 48.50 -19.97 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 23.10 -7.60 BNICL 19.50 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.10 CONFIDCEM 114.60 115.60 109.00 109.90 -4.10 EBL1STMF 5.20 5.20 5.00 5.00 -3.85 RDFOOD 16.10 16.10 15.30 15.50 -3.73 ETL 18.80 19.10 17.80 18.10 -3.72 AZIZPIPES 67.20 68.00 61.80 64.80 -3.57 BBS 48.00 48.80 46.00 46.40 -3.33 CITYGENINS 15.10 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.31 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation AZIZPIPES 68.00 68.00 61.80 61.80 -9.12 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 22.80 -8.80 KAY&QUE 28.50 29.00 26.00 26.00 -8.77 CONFIDCEM 115.60 115.60 109.00 109.00 -5.71 BNICL 19.60 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.59 BBS 48.30 48.80 46.00 46.10 -4.56 NTLTUBES 132.30 135.00 126.00 126.40 -4.46 ETL 19.00 19.10 17.80 18.20 -4.21 CITYGENINS 15.20 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.95 MODERNDYE 190.00 190.00 182.60 182.60 -3.90 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Components General Business Accessories News 0 Intel to acquire machine vision specialist Movidius Technology by Mark Tyson on 6 September 2016, 11:31 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6kt Add to My Vault: Intel has announced that it is to acquire machine vision specialists Movidius Technology. Modern devices are increasingly smart and connected but to be of even greater value in our lives it will be important that they will evolve to be able to see. At this time computer vision is in its early stages of adoption, with seeing cars, drones, robots, and so on only just being introduced to useful service. However, it is thought that intelligent seeing smart devices will play a much larger part in our lives in the years to come. Intel obviously had the growth of this industry in mind when it developed its RealSense vision and strategy. The key technology union resulting from the Intel and Movidius Technology union will be that of Intel's aforementioned RealSense tech with the Movidius VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision. Intels says that the cameras serve as the 'eyes' of a device, the central processing unit is the 'brain,' and a vision processor is the 'visual cortex.' With the acquisition of Movidius Technology that intelligent vision system is complete. The combined tech will enable improved "navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more". Movidius also has attractive machine intelligence algorithms, and an associated software development kit. Movidius' VPU is a low-power and high-performance SoC which can help miniaturise computer vision systems and requires less power, while generating less heat than rival systems. As well as the autonomous devices mentioned above the VPU will be useful in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), says Intel. The possibilities that become apparent from the arrival of efficient computer vision systems "will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing," thinks Intel. CEO of Movidius, Remi El-Ouazzane, reckons that, as part of Intel with its technology and resources, work on machine vision will progress faster than ever following the acquisition. Related Reading 3 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker First out of the door will be Zen SR7 HEDT chips with a 8C/16T configuration. 0 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR Nvidia reaped the lion's share of the gains in Q3 2016. 1 Next gen Intel chipsets to sport on-board Wi-Fi and USB 3.1 Industry sources tip this multi-feature integration for the Intel 300-series at the end of 2017. Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop HEXUS Forums :: 0 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Log in to be the first to comment! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 18 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR 0 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 18 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR 0 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,194 Forum posts: 2,558,971 Forum threads: 246,655 Currently active users: 610 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  US oil rig count rises by 19 to 471, biggest weekly jump since rig recovery began × × × Tech Transformers Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Intel to buy Movidius to help it win in new tech like virtual reality, driverless cars Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Tuesday, 6 Sep 2016 | 5:47 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES U.S. semiconductor giant Intel is to acquire Movidius, a company that creates so-called "computer vision" chips which will play a key role in technologies from virtual reality (VR) to driverless cars, the company announced Tuesday. Movidius makes processors that use artificial intelligence to assess the world around them. The company is already working with Chinese dronemaker DJI with its tech implemented in the Phantom 4 unmanned aircraft, giving it the ability to sense and avoid obstacles in real time and hover in a fixed position without the need for a GPS signal. The technology could be critical in a number of emerging areas where the need to have human-like vision is necessary such as autonomous cars. Intel makes a depth-sensing camera called RealSense. The ability to understand depth allows a machine to see the world in three dimensions. And this is where Intel sees Movidius as the perfect fit. Its capabilities alongside Intel's RealSense cameras could open up a number of new applications and make the U.S. giant a player in these emerging sectors. Michael Short | Bloomberg | Getty Images Brian Krzanich, chief executive officer of Intel Corp., displays a Project Alloy virtual reality (VR) headset during a keynote speech at the 2016 Intel Developers Forum (IDF) in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016. "We will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, said in a blog post Tuesday announcing the acquisition. Movidus' chips are also low-powered, making them ideal for situations where battery life is key. Intel did not disclose the price or terms of the deal. The U.S. technology giant sees its RealSense camera as a key part of its future offering. Last month at its developers conference, Intel unveiled Project Alloy, a virtual reality headset reference design that used RealSense for motion tracking. While many of these emerging technologies are at an early stage and not widely commercialized, Intel will be hoping its acquisition of Movidius will help it become an early leader. The company has struggled in the smartphone space against rival Qualcomm, but this could help it take the lead in the latest technology trends, analysts said. "Movidius will help further Intel's efforts to offer solutions around computer vision and artificial intelligence. The company is betting big on securing a place in the next wave of technology that will be instrumental across multiple areas including autonomous driving, drones, mixed reality, navigation and robotics," Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight, told CNBC by email. "The leadership team at Intel is determined not to repeat past mistakes, such as missing the smartphone opportunity." Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Demonetisation: CashNoCash helps find ATMs, banks and post offices with cash availability By Naina Khedekar 3   Comments WhatsApp video calling: Initial impressions after using the feature for 3 weeks By Rehan Hooda 2   Comments OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 3T: Here are 5 differences between the two flagships By Sheldon Pinto 2   Comments Facebook and Google fake news: The rise of echo chambers, and the need to shatter them By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments Demonetisation: 4 Apps and services to find ATMs, banks with cash near you By Naina Khedekar 2   Comments more from #Intel Intel Security Innovation Alliance to focus on providing security against sophisticated cyber attacks Intel Security outlines strategy for protecting new digital economy Samsung planning to invest over $1bn in chip production facility Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Intel plans to buy Movidius, a startup building vision chips for drones and virtual reality #Intel 0 By tech2 News Staff /  06 Sep 2016 , 15:17 Intel is buying Movidius, a startup that builds vision processors that are used in drones and virtual reality products. Needless to say, this acquisition will further boost Intel’s RealSense vision and strategy. As part of RealSense, Intel has built and acquired critical technologies in computer vision and perceptual computing. According to Intel, computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Cameras serve as the eyes and the central processing unit is the brain, and a vision processor is the visual cortex. The computer vision allows navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more. With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications. It also brings algorithms required for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, and also broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. “Movidius’ technology optimises, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition,” says Intel. In a blogpost, Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group writes, “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies. The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond. Movidius’ market-leading family of computer vision SoCs complements Intel’s RealSense offerings in addition to our broader IP and product roadmap.” Movidius is an eight-year old company with about 180 employees, and has also managed to bag some deals with Google, Lenovo and DJI. According to Re/code, the Myriad 2 is its latest chip that is capable of making sense of multiple video streams on a chip that is of the size of a fingernail. Tags: Intel, Intel buys Movidus, Movidus, Vision processors Also read Intel Apollo lake is official with six new CPUs Artificial intelligence and machine learning may improve detection of lung diseases X LATEST Reviews Demonetisation: CashNoCash helps find ATMs, banks and post offices with cash availability Demonetisation: While fintech startups gain, some sectors will face temporary downfall, says report Startup series: Starting on a shoestring; building the MVP YourQuote: Startup founders move to Himalayas to build ‘Instagram for writers’ Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Amazon Nov 18, 2016 Amazon Prime Video to debut in India in December, thanks to The Grand Tour #Shoulder Surfing Nov 18, 2016 Demonetisation: Beware of the shoulder surfing hacking technique when using banking applications #Virtual Reality Nov 18, 2016 Chimp experiencing VR is funny and sad at the same time #iPhone Nov 18, 2016 Apple iPhone lock screen bypass discovered, devices with iOS 10.2 Beta to iOS 8.0 affected #Microsoft Nov 18, 2016 Microsoft blames Nokia layoffs for decline in women employees SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version September 6, 2016 - 12:01 AMT SHARE Intel acquires Movidius to build the future of computer vision Intel is making it extra-clear that computer vision hardware will play a big role in its beyond-the-PC strategy. The computing behemoth has just acquired Movidius, a specialist in AI and computer vision processors, Engadget said. The Intel team isn't shy about its goals. It sees Movidius as a way to get high-speed, low-power chips that can power RealSense cameras in devices that need to see and understand the world around them. Movidius has already provided the brains behind gadgets like drones and thermal cameras, many of which are a logical fit for Intel's depth-sensing tech -- and its deals with Google and Lenovo give nothing to sneeze at, either, Engadget said. This isn't Intel's first AI-related buyout. However, it shows that Intel is increasingly determined to find new avenues to explore now that it can't count on large jumps in processor performance to maintain the bottom line. An acquisition like this could make it the go-to source for chips in fields that are still growing quickly, such as robotics and smart homes, Engadget said. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Fancy using Android on your computer? Android-86… Fancy using Android on your computer? Android-86 released first build of Nougat for the PC By Christian de Looper — September 5, 2016 1:45 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends It’s safe to say that Android and Intel don’t play that well together these days, and neither Google nor Intel are doing much to change that. Despite that, however, the Android-86 project, which is aimed at bringing Android to computers, is alive and well. In fact, the Android 7.0 build for developers has just been released through the project. What does that mean? You can now run Android 7.0 Nougat on your computer. Related: Google testing a new, streamlined search history format on Android Of course, it’s important to note that the software, which is based on Google’s Android Open Source Project, is still under development. You will, however, be able to enjoy some of Nougat’s standout features, such as multi-window mode and split-screen mode. It’s also important to note that the project is by and large aimed at developers. The official page for Android-x86 tells you how to create the operating system from the source, but you’ll need to know what you’re doing in order to do that. To download a disc image, you can head over to Geek Til it Hertz. Of course, Android on a PC might not be the best choice for everyone, especially because of the fact that it doesn’t yet support all of Nougat’s features. For example, the file manager doesn’t yet work. Before the Nougat build was made public, there was a build of Android Marshmallow for computers in the form of Remix OS. Remix OS was stable enough to run on computers, and was created specifically to run fast and perform well. It also excelled in things like multiple window support, optimizations for the keyboard and mouse, the taskbar, and so on. Android Nougat, however, will bring a number of great new features to the operating system. The aforementioned multitasking features are perhaps the most important, however the OS also brings improved notifications, and customizable quick settings. Check out the video below to find out more about the project. Also watch: How A $25,000 industrial Robot Could Complete Your VR Experience Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Developer Login Careers Contact Home About Applications Solutions Technology News Events Developer Login Careers Contact Latest News News & Announcements 5 September 2016 Movidius + Intel = Vision for the Future of Autonomous Devices Today, I’m excited to announce the planned acquisition of Movidius by Intel. Movidius’ mission is to give the power of sight to machines. As part of Intel, we’ll remain focused on this mission, but with the technology and resources to innovate faster and execute at scale. We will continue to operate with the same eagerness to invent and the same customer-focus attitude that we’re known for, and we will retain Movidius talent and the start-up mentality that we have demonstrated over the years. Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel’s industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel® RealSense™ Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly. Today, we’re working with customers like DJI, FLIR, Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more. But today’s smart devices, while compelling, offer just a glimpse of what’s to come. When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that’s just the beginning. We’re on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. In the years ahead, we’ll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think. Movidius has been attacking this challenge at the device level - combining advanced algorithms with dedicated low-power hardware. At Intel, we’ll be part of a team that is attacking this challenge from the cloud, through the network and on the device. This is very exciting. I’d like to thank our chairman and investors for their support and partnership through the years as we built our vision into a business. You can read more about Intel’s plans for Movidius here. We are so energized to write the next chapter of our journey. The future looks awesome. Last, but not least, to my co-founders David, Sean and Val: we would not be here today without the passion, resilience, humility and unwavering commitments you showed in the most difficult times. Sláinte! Best, Remi El-Ouazzane CEO of Movidius Share This Post News Categories All General Company News Technology Awards Software Careers White Papers Press Release Upcoming Events Related Videos Technology The Myriad 2 VPU from Movidius is the world's first dedicated ultra-low power Vision… Watch Video Announcement Lastest Myriad 2 processing platform selected by Google to accelerate adoption of machine intelligence… Watch Video Company News Movidius bring vision based autonomous features to the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Watch Video Home About Applications Solutions Technology News Events Get In Touch Headquarters, San Mateo, California, USA Design Center, Dublin, Ireland. Design Center, Timisoara, Romania. About Us Movidius is leading the way in ultra-low power, high performance visual intelligence. Learn more about our company, leadership and investors. About Us Latest News Our Solutions Movidius provides dedicated computer vision solutions from silicon to algorithms. Machine Vision Algorithms Software Development Kit Vision Processing Unit © Copyright Movidius 2016. All Rights Reserved. Sitemap Terms Privacy

null
Anmelden Passwort Premium Melden Sie sich hier als Premium-Nutzer oder als INSIDER an. Kein Log-In? Jetzt Premium-Abo abschließen oder INSIDER werden. Branchenmonitor Premium-eBooks Heftarchiv Exklusive Insider-Ausgaben Marktstudien Technologie Business-Software Data Center & Server Digital Lifestyle Notebook & PC Office & Collaboration Software-Infrastruktur Storage Mobile & Apps Netzwerke Web Aktuelle Technologie-Themen: Android Big Data Cloud-Telefonie Excel Internet of Things iPad iPhone-Apps Mobility Management SharePoint Virtualisierung & SD X Windows 10 TecWorkshop auf Computerwoche Aktuelle Artikel im Überblick: Pfadbeschränkung auf 260 Zeichen in Windows aufheben Windows 10 Kopf- und Fußzeilen in Word rasch ein- und ausblenden Word 2016 Wörter mit ähnlicher Formatierung unter Word gleichzeitig ändern Word 2016 Mit MyFritz! die Fritz!Box übers Internet steuern Fritz!Box-Cloud Office-2016-Zusatzfunktionen unter Windows 10 nutzen Outlook, Skype, Cortana oder Teamwork Windows 10 & Office - das neue TecChannel Compact ist da! Windows 10 Installation, Setup, Optimierung Management Digital Leader Award Compliance & Recht IT-Macher IT-Strategie IT-Services Security Systemhäuser Aktuelle Management-Themen: Cloud Computing Datensicherheit Digitalisierung IBM Industrie 4.0 IT für Finanzentscheider IT für das Marketing Hewlett-Packard SAP Social Media Telekom Karriere Karriere & Gehalt Freiberufler & Gründer Ratgeber Karriere Young Professional Stellenmarkt CIO des Jahres 2016 gamescom Jobs & Karriere Aktuelle Karriere-Themen: Die besten Arbeitgeber Burnout Bewerbung Existenzgründung Frauen in der IT Gehalt Projektmanagement Work-Life-Balance Zertifizierung Whitepaper Frisch aus der Whitepaper-Datenbank: Mit revolutionären Mitteln gegen gezielte Angriffe BitDefender GmbH Weitere Infos Direkt zum Download So managen Sie Verträge in der digitalen Ära Comarch AG und Experton Group Weitere Infos Direkt zum Download Mehr Whitepaper in der CW Whitepaper-Datenbank Social Networks einführen in 5 Schritten Sichere Cloud: Die ownCloud Security Features Ransamware-Angriff – So schützen Sie sich Wie sich cloud-basierte Workflows sichern lassen Live-Videos bereitstellen ohne Geruckel Sicher ist sicher: Die Technik der ownCloud Mehr Sicherheit mit ownCloud: Die Architektur Sicher mit der ownCloud: Security und Encryption Mehr Whitepaper in der CW Whitepaper-Datenbank Events & Webcasts Aktuelle Events & Webcasts im Überblick: Endpoint Security ohne Lücken Webinar Wie SDS zur Hochverfügbarkeit beiträgt Webinar Größtes Risiko ist der "Faktor Mensch" Computerwoche-Webinfosession Shop Aktuelle Hefte aus dem COMPUTERWOCHE Shop: Mehr Erfolg mit Analytics Ausgabe 46-47/2016 Clouds richtig managen Ausgabe 44-45/2016 Modular statt monolithisch Ausgabe 42-43/2016 Design Thinking Ausgabe 40-41/2016 Direkt zum COMPUTERWOCHE-Shop IDG Experten Experten schreiben für COMPUTERWOCHE - jetzt Experte werden: Die COMPUTERWOCHE arbeitet seit vielen Jahren eng mit einem Netzwerk von Experten zusammen, ohne die wir unsere Themen in der gebotenen Tiefe und Vielfalt kaum abdecken könnten. Dahinter verbergen sich Autoren, die ihr Wissen mit großer Leidenschaft und Fachkompetenz weitergeben. Viele unserer Experten würden gern zu ihrem Fachgebiet mehr Beiträge veröffentlichen, als uns das derzeit möglich ist. Kommen Sie zu uns - als Experte Infrastructure Aktuelle Artikel im Überblick: -Anzeige- Vorreiter der Digitalen Transformation erzielen den höchsten Gewinn Studie von Hewlett Packard Enterprise Es ist fünf vor zwölf Digitalisierungsstrategie und „Digitaler Reifegrad“ SDI wird zum Schlüsselfaktor moderner IT-Architekturen Software Defined Infrastructure Das Internet of Things produziert unvorstellbare Datenmengen IoT wird zum Treiber für Cloud Computing Rechtliches Neuland Bitkom-Leitfaden zu Industrie 4.0 Bei den Technologie-Anbietern ist noch Luft nach oben Digitale Transformation Hot Topics Aktuelles aus den Hot Topics auf COMPUTERWOCHE: -Anzeige- Anwender setzen auf SDI - trotz des Fehlens ausgereifter Lösungen Software Defined Infratructures (SDI) SDI zieht in die Rechenzentren ein Software Defined Infrastructure (SDI) Traditionelle Netzwerke werden zum Flaschenhals im Rechenzentrum Software Defined Networks (SDN) Dell Insider-Portal IBM Experts New Style of Business SAP Digitale Agenda Technologie Business-Software Data Center & Server Digital Lifestyle Notebook & PC Office & Collaboration Software-Infrastruktur Storage Mobile & Apps Netzwerke Web Aktuelle Technologie-Themen: Android Big Data Cloud-Telefonie Excel Internet of Things iPad iPhone-Apps Mobility Management SharePoint Virtualisierung & SD X Windows 10 TecWorkshop auf Computerwoche Management Digital Leader Award Compliance & Recht IT-Macher IT-Strategie IT-Services Security Systemhäuser Aktuelle Management-Themen: Cloud Computing Datensicherheit Digitalisierung IBM Industrie 4.0 IT für Finanzentscheider IT für das Marketing Hewlett-Packard SAP Social Media Telekom Karriere Karriere & Gehalt Freiberufler & Gründer Ratgeber Karriere Young Professional Stellenmarkt CIO des Jahres 2016 gamescom Jobs & Karriere Aktuelle Karriere-Themen: Die besten Arbeitgeber Burnout Bewerbung Existenzgründung Frauen in der IT Gehalt Projektmanagement Work-Life-Balance Zertifizierung Whitepaper Events & Webcasts Shop IDG Experten Infrastructure Hot Topics Dell Insider-Portal IBM Experts New Style of Business SAP Digitale Agenda Login Notebook & PC Mac & Macbook 10 geniale Dinge, die Sie mit einem alten Mac anstellen können Drucken URL 06.09.2016 Von Christian Rentrop (Autor)  Alle Posts des Autors Email: Ein alter Mac steht im Keller, allein und einsam, dabei war er einst der Lieblingscomputer und man ging durch dick und dünn. Wer ihn nicht für einen Apfel (sic!) und ein Ei bei Ebay verscheuern möchte, muss sich andere Wege überlegen, den alten Rechner wieder sinnvoll einzusetzen. Wir haben 10 Ideen für Sie zusammengestellt. Empfehlen Diskutieren Drucken PDF URL Xing LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook Auch Apple-Computer sind nicht vor technischer Obsoleszenz gefeit. Auch wenn Macbook, iMac, Powerbook und Power Mac jahrelang treue Begleiter waren, kommt irgendwann der Tag, an dem sie ausgemustert werden müssen. Egal, ob ein vorzeitiger Defekt auftritt oder der Mac nach jahrelanger Benutzung durch ein neueres Gerät ersetzt wird: Irgendwann kommt der Tag, an dem der alte Rechner seinen Weg vom Schreibtisch in den Keller findet. Von hier aus ist es meist nur noch ein kurzer Schritt zum Sperrmüll oder zu Ebay, wo das Gerät dann für kleines Geld verramscht werden muss . Dabei lassen sich auch sehr alte Macs mit PowerPC-Technik, egal ob defekt oder nicht, noch für allerlei technische Spielereien einsetzen oder mit ein wenig Bastelarbeit komplett umfunktionieren. Neues Leben für alte Intel-Macs Gerade neuere Macs sind - damit sind alle Geräte der letzten zehn Jahre seit Apples Intel-Umstieg gemeint -, sofern sie noch funktionieren, in der Regel noch für Alltagsaufgaben geeignet, selbst wenn Apple längst keine Betriebssystem-Updates mehr liefert. Die sind aber auch nicht zwingend notwendig: Dank Windows- und Linux-Betriebssystem sind natürlich auch zehn Jahre alte Intel-Macs durchaus noch als Hardwarebasis für Bastelprojekte geeignet. Immerhin steckt selbst in den ältesten Intel-Macs mindestens ein leistungsstarker Core-Prozessor und in der Regel lässt sich auch der RAM mit wenigen Handgriffen auf bis zu zwei Gigabyte oder sogar mehr erweitern. Auch die Festplatte lässt sich bei einer ganzen Reihe älterer Intel-Macs problemlos austauschen. Einige der ersten Intel-Mac Minis mit lahmen Core-Solo-Prozessor erlauben sogar in gewissen Grenzen den Einbau eines schnelleren Prozessors austauschen und damit in Sachen Rechenleistung auf ein durchaus gegenwartstaugliches Niveau heben. Mit einer preisgünstigen Aufrüstung kann also der alte Intel-Mac durchaus zu einem veritablen Windows- oder Linux-PC werden, zumal in diesem Fall komplett auf Mac OS X verzichtet wird und damit die Windows- oder Linux-Installation dank Bootcamp oder rEFInd ein Kinderspiel ist. Was tun mit PowerPC-Rechnern? Doch was, wenn Ihr Mac noch älter ist? Zwischen 1994 und 2006 setzte Apple auf IBMs PowerPC-Prozessoren, die seinerzeit vor allem in Sachen Leistung jeden Intel-Prozessor abhängten. Leider gibt es für diese Geräteklasse heute nur noch eine Möglichkeit, sie wieder fit für aktuelle Anwendungen zu machen, zumal ihre Rechenleistung kaum an die aktuellen iPhones heranreicht: Linux in der PowerPC-Version. Hier sind durchaus aktuelle Versionen auch für alte Macs erhältlich. Wer einen alten iMac oder ein Powerbook/iBook mit G3-, G4- oder G5-Prozessor besitzt, kann aber in der Regel auch noch eine (frühe) Version von Mac OS X installieren und den Rechner ganz platt als Jukebox für iTunes verwenden: Einfach die interne IDE-Festplatte gegen ein größeres Modell austauschen - leider sind inzwischen kaum noch entsprechende Festplatten am Markt - und die iTunes-Mediathek darauf speichern und bei Bedarf abspielen. Der iMac aller älterer Generationen besitzt gute Lautsprecher und ein CD-Laufwerk, weshalb er sich durchaus als Jukebox eignet. Richtig leistungsstark wird er natürlich erst, wenn man ihn an eine Stereoanlage oder gute Aktivboxen anhängt. Aber das ist nur eine Variante. Eine andere wäre, den Mac einfach zu lassen, wie er ist - und ihn als Classic-Gaming-Plattform zu verwenden. Neues Leben für tote Macs Doch was, wenn der Mac noch älter oder schlicht defekt ist? Gut: Bei Ebay werden besonders für uralte Macs der 70er und 80er oder einige der Exoten der 90er wie den Macintosh-TV im funktionsfähigen, guten Zustand von Sammlern Mondpreise bezahlt, doch das dürfte die meisten Anwender kaum betreffen. Und was, wenn der alte Mac, der seit 20 Jahren im Keller verstaubt, schlicht nicht mehr funktioniert oder sein Erhaltungsgrad eher schlecht ist? Nun: Auch solche Macs haben durchaus noch die ein oder andere Anwendungsmöglichkeit, zum Beispiel gibt es auch für sie eine angepasste Linux-Version, deren Betrieb mangels Rechenleistung allerdings mit Sicherheit nicht mehr aktuellen technischen Ansprüchen gerecht wird. Natürlich besteht auch bei 68K-Macs die Option, diese einfach im klassischen Modus als Spielekonsole oder für alte Anwendungen zu verwenden, immer vorausgesetzt, dass sie funktionstüchtig sind. Doch was tun, wenn der Mac defekt ist? Dann gibt es, vor allem bei Geräten mit buntem Polyacryl-Gehäuse, immerhin einige interessante Bastelprojekte. Hier die zehn Dinge, die Sie mit Ihrem alten Mac anfangen können: 1. Alten Mac als Media-Center-Rechner verwenden (nur Intel-Macs) Auf Macs zwischen OS X 10.4 und OS X 10.6 ist Frontrow Teil des Lieferumfangs Mit dem Mediencenter Kodi kann auch ein alter Mac zum leistungsstarken Media-Center-PC werden Wenn Ihr alter Mac ein Intel-Mac ist, spricht nichts dagegen, ihn als Mediacenter-PC zu verwenden. Insbesondere Mac Mini und Macbooks eignen sich dafür, weil sie wenig Strom und Platz verbrauchen und sich über die nötigen Anschlüsse ohne Weiteres an aktuellen Fernsehern betreiben lassen: Egal ob Display-Port, Thunderbolt oder DVI - für all das gibt es kostengünstig Adapter auf das aktuelle HDMI-Format. Und wenn Apples Mini-DVI verbaut ist, wie es zum Beispiel bei den ersten Intel-Macbooks der Fall ist, gibt es auch hier für kleines Geld einen Adapter in den üblichen Online-Shops . Einmal mit dem Fernseher verkabelt, leistet die bei allen Macs bis ca. 2009 mitgelieferte Apple-Remote am Infraroteingang, den Apple leider seinerzeit gestrichen hat, gute Dienste. Praktisch bei diesen Mac-Modellen ist auch die Tatsache, dass das originäre Betriebssystem noch mit Apples Front Row ausgestattet ist: Dabei handelt es sich um die 2011 eingestellte Media-Center-Software, die an das heutige Apple TV erinnert und die Bedienung des Macs bis Mac OS X 10.6.8 am TV zu einem Kinderspiel macht. Nun braucht der Mac im Grunde nur noch eine kabellose Tastatur-Maus-Lösung, wahlweise per Funk oder Bluetooth, die es im Zubehör für kleines Geld gibt und natürlich eine große Festplatte (intern oder per USB 2.0 oder Firewire) - schon kann er Videos, Musik und Bilder am Fernseher wiedergeben. Mit Kodi und Plex alle Medien wiedergeben: Genau wie das AppleTV alter Bauart ist Front Row leider sehr eingeschränkt, was die Wiedergabe von Nicht-Apple-Medien angeht. Für diese Fälle empfiehlt sich der Einsatz des Mediencenters Kodi, das wahlweise unter Mac OS X 10.7 und höher als App installiert werden kann oder gleich als vollständige Linux-Distribution Kodibuntu auf Ubuntu-Basis, was die Hardware-Anforderungen deutlich reduziert. Leider ist Kodibuntu derzeit nur als 64-Bit-Version verfügbar, wodurch ein Core2Duo-Prozessor oder ein Intel-i-Prozessor Pflicht ist. Es gibt zwar ein 32-Bit-Variante, die verlangt dem Anwender jedoch deutlich höhere Linux-Kenntnisse ab. Eine dritte Variante ist der Media-Player Plex, der schon unter Mac OS X 10.6 arbeitet. Als Standalone-Lösung ist er leider nicht erhältlich. Praktisch in dem Zusammenhang sind auch Software-Tastaturen und Mäuse wie Mobile Mouse oder WiFi Mouse, die die effektive Fernsteuerung von einem anderen Mac oder einem Mobilgerät aus erlauben. PDF Newsletter 'Produkte+Technologien' bestellen! Inhalt dieses Artikels 1 2 3 4 10 geniale Dinge, die Sie mit einem alten Mac anstellen können 2. Alten iMac als Musikbox einsetzen (iMac G3 und neuer) 5. Alten Mac als praktische NAS, als File- und Druckserver verwenden 8. Gehäuse leeren und anderweitig verwenden (defekte Macs)   comments powered by Disqus Digital Leader Award COMPUTERWOCHE und Dimension Data suchen für den Digital Leader Award die besten Digitalisierungsprojekte im Lande. Jetzt bewerben! Mehr zum Thema Internes Deployment: Mac-Nutzer bei IBM brauchen viel weniger Support Mac Software: Die beste Gratis-Software 2016 für den Mac Apple zeigt iOS 7 und neuen Mac Pro Die Apple-Story Apple Mac mini Apple CEO Steve Jobs demonstrates FaceTime on a Mac So verhindern Sie Netzausfälle - IP-MAC-Port-Binding (Hersteller: D-Link) Sophos Anti-Virus for Mac Schneller mit Dell - Warum eine Universität auf Dell-Rechner setzt (Hersteller: Dell GmbH) Die besten Tipps und Tricks zu Mac OS X: Für MacBook und iMac Standardisierung auf Mac (Hersteller: Parallels GmbH) Apple Mac OS X Lion absichern Hilfreiche Mac-Tools Apple zeigt OS X Yosemite und Swift Migration auf Windows 7 mit VMware View (Hersteller: VMware Inc. ) Bis zu fünfmal bessere Performance mit dem Intel Xeon 5400-Prozessor (Hersteller: VMware Inc. ) Der sichere Mac Whatsapp auf PC und Mac - das kann die Desktop-App Die besten Spiele für den Mac Im Internet rundum geschützt und sicher vor Malware: Die elf besten Sicherheitstipps für den Mac Windows 10 auf dem Mac mit Boot Camp 6 installieren Virenscanner : 12 Antivirus-Lösungen für Mac im Vergleich Vom Apple I bis zum iPad: Die Geschichte von Apple Apple-Viren – Gefahr für Mac und Windows (Hersteller: VeriSign Deutschland GmbH) Mehr Aktuelle Jobangebote Mitarbeiter (m/w) für den Außendienst adKOMM Software GmbH & Co. KG Technical Consultant Automotive Vernetzte Dienste (m/w) T-Systems International GmbH Senior Projektleiter / Ressourcenmanager (m/w) operational services GmbH & Co. KG Principal Consultant Cyber Security (m/w) T-Systems International GmbH (Junior) Consultant Automotive Sales (m/w) T-Systems on site services GmbH Aktuell finden Sie über 500 ausgeschriebene Stellen im CW-Stellenmarkt Kostenlose Newsletter Cloud Computing Digitalisierung Freiberufler & Gründer IT-Management Job+Karriere Mittelstand Mobile Nachrichten mittags Nachrichten morgens Produkte+Technologien SAP-Newsletter Security Software & Cloud Stellenmarkt Wochenrückblick Bestellen ×Close Per E-Mail versenden   Schließen Senden ×Close Artikel als PDF downloaden   × Über den Autor   Schließen Service Newsletter RSS-Feeds COMPUTERWOCHE Mobile COMPUTERWOCHE auf dem iPad Bilder-Galerien Quiz Aboshop Artikel-Archiv CW im Social Web Facebook XING Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Top-Themen Was ist Cloud Computing für Unternehmen? Tablet PCs: Android, iPad, Samsung und mehr Erfolgreich Arbeiten in Excel: das sind die Profi-Tipps Burnout: Syndrom, Symptome und Behandlung Das bedeutet Big Data für das Data Center Mehr als Thinkpad und Mainframe: Alles zu IBM Windows 10: News, Ratgeber & Tests IoT: Alles über das Internet of Things  Verlag Impressum Datenschutz Werben auf COMPUTERWOCHE Mediadaten Redaktion Leser-Service Nutzungsbasierte Online-Werbung © 2016 IDG Business Media GmbH, München. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. IDG Business Media GmbH, München. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Intel buys computer vision chip maker Movidius Intel will use Movidius' technology in its RealSense camera Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb September 6, 2016 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/4711 Devices are entering a new phase now, where they have to not only do their job, but also be smart. They have to function, and be able to learn, at the same time.  That's why Intel has acquired Movidius, a company that designs specialized low-power processor chips for computer vision, it was announced late Monday. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. Founded in 2006, Movidius currently works with customers like DJI, FLIR, Google and Lenovo to give sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras and AR/VR headsets.  "When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that’s just the beginning. We’re on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. In the years ahead, we’ll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think," Remi El-Ouazzane, CEO of Movidius, wrote in a blog post.  Intel plans to integrate Movidius’ technology with its RealSense depth-sensing camera technology. Earlier this year, the company introduced the RealSense Camera R200, its first long-range depth camera for 2 in 1s and tablets, allowing for 3D scanning, as well as immersive gaming and shopping,  "With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications. Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group, wrote in a blog post. "Movidius’ technology optimizes, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition." While Intel plans to use the chips in its cameras for now, they could be used in numerous other devices, most notably a VR headset that Intel is currently developing. Earlier this month, the company unveiled Project Allo, what it describes as "an all-in-one virtual reality solution." While being integrated into Intel, Movidius will continue to offer its services to existing customers. "Movidius’ mission is to give the power of sight to machines," wrote El-Ouazzane.  "As part of Intel, we’ll remain focused on this mission, but with the technology and resources to innovate faster and execute at scale."  Movidius had raised $86.5 million in venture funding, from investors that included AIB Seed Capital, Atlantic Bridge, Capital-E, Draper Fisher Jurvetson, and Summit Bridge Capital, among others. This is Intel's sixth acquisition of the year. It also bought Ascending Technologies, a developer and manu­facturer of micro UAS, in January; followed by the acquisition of video 3D reconstruction technologies company Replay Technologies in March. Intelthen bought semiconductor functional safety company Yogitech in April, and purchased customized computer vision software provider Itseez in May.  The company most recently acquired deep learning startup Nervana Systems earlier this month.  (Image source: movidius.com)   Permalink <span>Send</span> Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs Blackstone LaunchPad National Competition Blackstone LaunchPad is currently available to over 500,000 students.   The program is designed to help drive economic development in ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Snapchat said to have filed a confidential IPO by Steven Loeb Apple is developing its own smart glasses by Steven Loeb Meet John Durant, General Partner at Wild Ventures by Ronny Kerr Peter Thiel's bet on Trump is paying off by Steven Loeb Election 2016: 4 new states legalize recreational cannabis by Steven Loeb When will your local pharmacy carry cannabis? by Ronny Kerr © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News Releases 2013 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for September 06, 2016 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Lunarship Software Joins Intel Software Partner Program Lunarship's Phototheca app now is optimized for Intel Skylake platform     KHARKIV, UKRAINE, September 06, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Lunarship Software today announced that it has joined the Intel Software Partner Program and is offering the Phototheca application specifically optimized for the latest Skylake Intel Architecture-based Ultrabooks. The Intel Software Partner Program is a global, online membership program for independent software vendors (ISVs) developing commercially available products for Intel platforms and technologies. "Since launch, our photo organizing application Phototheca has become a popular app for people around the world," explained Anton Vasylkivskyi, co-founder of Lunarship Software. "By joining forces with Intel, we've been able to optimize the app to the Skylake Intel Architecture, the very latest one, ensuring that users get an optimized UI and UX going forward from here." Phototheca app has been validated by Intel on 2-in-1 Media and 2Screen experience enabling programs, meaning the app can work on modern 2-in-1 devices, laptops and tablets, and provides a support for a dual monitor view as well. Phototheca has also been optimized for the Windows 10 OS and touchscreen capabilities, allowing users to work with software in a way that is most comfortable for them--whether that is with tactile fingertip gestures or using the more traditional mouse. The app also offers a plethora of other features including password protected safe-boxes, duplicate spotting, metadata support, and even a keyword function to instantly search for photos. For more information, please visit http://www.lunarship.com. For media inquiries, please contact Anton Vasylkivskyi on +380688865169, or email at anv@lunarship.com. About Lunarship Software Lunarship Software is the company behind the popular photo organizing application, Phototheca. The software has a worldwide user base, and makes it easy to organize thousands of photos. For more information, please visit the company's website. Website: http://www.lunarship.com Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/phototheca # # # Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Anton Vasylkivskyi Lunarship Software Kharkiv Ukraine Voice: +380688865169 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2016 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  Review Review: Intel Core i7-6950X Extreme Edition by  Jonathan Bray  |  Tuesday 6 September 2016  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "Is it worth it? Only if you have a genuine need for all that power." Price From $495 AUD > Pricing info Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Intel’s new ten-core processor is a beast: the fastest desktop processor ever. Extreme Edition processors have become a regular landmark in Intel’s schedule over the years, providing enthusiasts with something to get their teeth into while waiting for the next-generation architecture. As its price suggests, this year’s top-of-the-range model – the 6950X, based on Broadwell-E architecture – is something special. It starts conventionally enough. As with previous Extreme chips, the Broadwell-E isn’t based on the most recent iteration of Intel’s CPU architecture, but a tweak to the previous generation. Where things become interesting are a boost to ten cores, a die shrink to 14nm, and the new Turbo Boost Max Technology 3.  This is a tweak to Intel’s existing Turbo Boost tech, designed to improve single-threaded performance over the Haswell-E’s rather disappointing showing. As with regular Turbo Boost, the new technology gives you more speed in short bursts for simple single-threaded tasks. The difference is that it allows the CPU to boost higher than the advertised max Turbo Boost frequency, when circumstances allow. Turbo Boost Max is also more intelligent than its predecessor; with the help of BIOS and driver support, it can identify which cores are running the fastest and assign the most intensive tasks to those cores. The new processors are all unlocked, and there’s also a boost in L3 cache along with support for quad-channel DDR4 2,400MHz RAM. Surprisingly, given the reduction in manufacturing process size, the thermal design power (TDP) remains the same as Haswell-E at 140W, although there should be no shock about the lack of integrated graphics.  The most noticeable thing here is the cost of the new ten-core unit. It’s phenomenally expensive: 55% more than the eight-core Core i7-6900K, which is steep considering you’re only getting 25% more cores. The good news: if you’re upgrading from Haswell-E, there’s no need to replace your Intel X99 chipset motherboard.  I ran it through our 4K benchmarks to see how it compares with the previous-generation processor. At base clock speed, the Intel Core i7-6950X is monstrously fast, posting the fastest multitasking and overall scores we’ve seen from a desktop processor. That’s a 14% boost for video editing, 17% for multitasking, and 19% overall. The score to take the most note of here, however, is the single-threaded image-editing score, in which the Core i7-6950X provides an enormous performance boost – 67% – over the Core i7-5960X. It looks like Turbo Boost Max is doing its job here. READ NEXT: HP’s new desktop PC banishes memories of styleless beige boxes This isn’t a chip that’s intended to be left at stock frequency, however; it’s for enthusiasts and tinkerers. Without too much effort we managed to get all ten cores up to 3.9GHz without a hint of instability. Here, the single-core performance of the Broadwell-E is even more pronounced. Although the 4.3GHz overclock we performed on the Haswell-E back in 2014 was nominally higher, the 3.9GHz Broadwell stomps all over it with an overall score of 280, and leaves Haswell-E – and every other consumer desktop processor – in the dust.  So it’s quick, then. The question is, do you really need all of those extra cores? If it’s the very best performance that you want, the answer has to be yes. Broadwell-E, at least in the form of the ten-core Core i7-6950X I’ve looked at here, is an absolute beast, and a huge improvement over the eight-core Haswell-E i7-5960X. The big disappointment is the price. The flagship CPU is $2579, and that’s five times more expensive than the fastest, non-Extreme Skylake Core i7 processor available today. Is it worth it? Only if you have a genuine need for all that power. For everyone else, Broadwell-E – in its i7-6950X incarnation, at least– is an investment too far.  Related Reviews Review: Intel's Compute Stick 2.0 - small, but needs more power Review: the Asus Chromebit CS10 can't quite replace a PC Review: ASRock's E3V5 WS is the heart of an affordable workstation Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia Pty Ltd Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  cpu  |  desktop processor  |  extreme edition  |  intel  |  intel core i76950x extreme edition  |  processor  |  review  |  turbo boost   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   M.2 NVMe SSDs just got a nice speed boost     Intel's new 600p series NVMe drives get a fantastic price     Lights, camera, Watson! IBM's supercomputer has produced a movie trailer     Gigabyte's releases XTREME GAMING edition the GTX 1060     Project Alpha Omega   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Roccat releases Cross cross-platform gaming headphones << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Both Nvidia and AMD release hot fix drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Group on trial for cyber-theft of $15M in FIFA Coins << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Might want to hold off on those 375.86 Nvidia drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS New GeForce 375.86 WHQL drivers out now << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) FEATURE The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Fractal Design Define C is a great mix of silence and features << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) GALLERY Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The beautiful PC mods of PAX Australia 2016! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Roccat releases Cross cross-platform gaming headphones Review Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time Feature The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Fiona Murphy, Frontend.com Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge Women paid 20pc less than men in Ireland, according to study The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn GDPR is coming, but CFOs are blind to potential financial nightmare Big data country: Ireland among top European locations for investment Unlocked Android smartphones secretly send your data to China Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign Taskee named overall winner at Startup Weekend Dublin Phorest’s Ronan Perceval: ‘Start-ups should be under less pressure to sell’ Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era Margaret Hamilton and Grace Hopper awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom Cheap, foldable bicycle helmet wins international James Dyson Award 4 women making waves in the world of IoT What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars Irishman’s soft robotics exosuit wins major tech award Google wants to make AI smarter with your bad doodles Andy Caddy: IoT should start with a map of the customer journey How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 10 pieces of advice from science graduates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? 10 female founders who have turned science into a business How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Ray Nolan’s XSellco to create 40 new jobs 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world MetLife to open new global tech campus in Galway creating 200 jobs Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male Yet another Samsung phone has exploded, and it isn’t the Note7 Dust off your old photo album, Google wants to digitise it Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: More offers become available Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first ALL How can innovative smart materials improve battery life? Smart-farming demo at Tyndall Technology Days 2016 Breaking the internship stereotype at AOL, one project at a time Ireland is positioning itself for an influx of IoT companies Electrochemical energy storage making life easier and safer Materials science is revolutionising today’s medicine ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Intel acquires Irish chip firm Movidius to drive machine-vision revolution by John Kennedy 6 Sep 2016596 Shares Movidius CEO, Remi El-Ouazzane, and Intel’s Josh Walden discuss what’s possible in the drone lab at Intel’s Santa Clara headquarters Intel has revealed it is acquiring Movidius, the Irish machine-vision chip maker whose technology is powering AI in cutting-edge virtual reality (VR) and drone applications by companies like Google and China’s DJI. Intel said it plans to use the Movidius acquisition to position the chip giant to provide computer vision and deep-learning solutions from the device to the cloud. In an article earlier this year, we predicted how the Movidius chip will be the Pentium of the machine age. The terms of the acquisition were not disclosed. ‘We recognise that specific system on a chip (SoC) attributes will be paramount to giving human-like sight to the 50bn connected devices that are projected by 2020’ – JOSH WALDEN, INTEL “We’re entering an era where devices must be smart and connected,” explained Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. “When a device is capable of understanding and responding to its environment, entirely new and unprecedented solutions present themselves.” Next step in computing will be machines that think and see for themselves How Intel sees the near future of machines with the ability to see and think for themselves Walden said that Movidius’ technology will put Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing. Movidius, he said, will fit in with Intel’s RealSense vision and strategy. ‘Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing, enabled by RealSense in conjunction with Movidius and our full suite of perceptual computing technologies’ – JOSH WALDEN, INTEL “Simply put, computer vision enables machines to visually process and understand their surroundings. Cameras serve as the ‘eyes’ of the device, the central processing unit is the ‘brain’, and a vision processor is the ‘visual cortex’. Upon integration, computer vision enables navigation and mapping, collision avoidance, tracking, object recognition, inspection analytics and more – capabilities that are extremely compelling in emerging markets.” The Movidius story Movidius founders David Moloney and Sean Mitchell Dublin-headquartered Movidius was established 10 years ago by David Moloney and Sean Mitchell to bring deep-learning capabilities and machine intelligence to devices ranging from smartphones to today’s drones and VR headsets. Earlier this year, the company struck a lucrative deal with Google to ship its MA2450 chip in upcoming personal devices, including Google’s latest VR headset technology. The key to the deal was Movidius’ ability to make devices like smartphones contextually aware – in effect making phones, robots and drones capable of seeing and understanding their environment. What followed was a number of key deals and breakthroughs, including the launch of the world’s first autonomous drone for Chinese drone maker DJI, the DJI Phantom 4 in March. In June, the company scooped a major deal with Chinese electronics giant Lenovo to power its future range of VR devices. Movidius recently raised €38m in a move that will enable it to generate 100 new jobs in Dublin. The company now has offices in Silicon Valley, Ireland, Romania and China. According to Walden, a major revolution is underway and Intel aims to be at the forefront of it. “We recognise that specific system on a chip (SoC) attributes will be paramount to giving human-like sight to the 50bn connected devices that are projected by 2020.” He said that, with the pending acquisition of Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms to accelerate computer vision applications. It also gives Intel algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, as well as natural interactions and broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” Walden said. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognise both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens up opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key. Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality, drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond. “Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian eexplosion of compute, with Intel at the forefront of this new wave of computing, enabled by RealSense in conjunction with Movidius and our full suite of perceptual computing technologies.” The arrival of the distributed computing age “From a first meeting with promoter Sean Mitchell, to its initial investment in 2008, we knew we had a winner with the talented and ambitious founders of Movidius,” said Tom Shinkwin, partner at Enterprise Equity, the first Irish institutional investor in Movidius. “Managing risk with early stage investing is what Enterprise Equity does best. Augmented by world class leadership, Movidius has grown successfully over many rounds of funding to become a world leading vision processing company enabling a new generation of intelligent devices.” Atlantic Bridge, an investor in Movidius, also responded to news of the acquisition. “It is difficult to believe now, but back in 2013 when Atlantic Bridge led the $16m A-round investment in Movidius, many analysts and industry peers did not believe that a new microprocessor company could emerge as a leader in an intensely competitive and mature industry,” said Atlantic Bridge Ventures in a company blog. “We were more optimistic, recognising early on the potential disruption the Movidius’ vision processing unit (VPU) technology could bring,” it added. “Computer vision was identified as one of the first real commercial opportunities but the fundamental game-changing technology that Movidius had developed enabled deep neural networks and machine-learning applications of all kinds to be performed in real time on battery-powered devices. “The core platform that Movidius had developed enabled for the first time highly-efficient machine intelligence systems to be moved to the edge of the network, improving latency for real-time applications, reducing bandwidth requirements while minimising battery power consumption on the device. The age of distributed intelligence systems had arrived.” This story has since been updated to include comments from some of the early investors in Movidius, Enterprise Equity and Atlantic Bridge Related: robotics, Intel, employers, M&As, Movidius, AI, drones, VR Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Intel acquires machine-learning start-up Nervana Systems for $408m 10 Aug 201615 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Help develop the future of sales and trading Working at the leading edge of IoT Companies Intel to spin out McAfee cybersecurity unit in $4.2bn deal 8 Sep 201613 Shares Machines IBM acquires Watson-based personal shopping chatbot from Fluid 2 Nov 201631 Shares WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT FEATURED EMPLOYERS? Photo via Gajus/Shutterstock Silicon Republic’s Featured Employers campaign highlights top companies that are hiring right now. To find out more about the campaign and how to become part of it, please submit an enquiry. Companies Salesforce missed out on ‘most valuable CRM tool’ in existence 12 Oct 201615 Shares Machines The machines are here: Intel reveals industrial Falcon 8+ drone 13 Oct 201617 Shares Jobs Intel report finds global cybersecurity talent shortage 28 Jul 201638 Shares Latest News Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ 26 minutes ago Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there 3 hours ago How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension 5 hours ago How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job 5 hours ago The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite 5 hours ago Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 5 hours ago Black Friday deals: More offers become available 6 hours ago Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased 6 hours ago Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive 7 hours ago Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet 7 hours ago ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic 8 hours ago That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m 8 hours ago Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era 9 hours ago Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched 9 hours ago Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! 9 hours ago Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge 10 hours ago US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory 10 hours ago Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ 1 day ago 4 women making waves in the world of IoT 1 day ago What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe 1 day ago Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars 1 day ago NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign 1 day ago Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn 1 day ago 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Business Tech Intel Intel is buying the computer vision company that powers Tango and DJI's drones New, 4 comments Movidius has a new home by Dieter Bohn@backlon Sep 6, 2016, 2:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin You might not have heard of Movidius — even though we said it was a chipmaker to keep your eye on back in March. It makes computer vision chips that allow devices to see and respond to the world around them. It’s a capability that Intel is increasingly interested in, so Intel is purchasing the company for an undisclosed amount. Movidius powered the first generation of Tango devices, which consisted of Android tablets (and later phones) that were able to map their surroundings in real time using an array of specialized cameras and sensors. The company’s follow-up act was a much bigger deal: helping make DJI’s Phantom 4 drone better able to sense and avoid obstacles. In a post about the acquisition, Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane says that plan is combine his company’s expertise in on-device hardware with Intel’s cloud computing and AI. He also says that Movidius will "remain focused," and a spokesperson for Intel tells us that all of Movidius' 180 employees will be "integrated" into Intel's Perceptual Computing group. Intel, for its part, sounds a lot like Intel in its blog post. "Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian Explosion of compute," writes Intel SVP Josh Walden. But it’s no surprise that Intel is interested in picking up a chip company that’s focused on computer vision, because Intel has had computer vision on the brain for awhile now. Intel started demonstrating sense-and-avoid drones back in 2015 and has been aggressively pushing its RealSense brand. Here’s a module for robots it showed last month, and here’s a VR headset that also does 3D tracking in space. Intel also acquired another computer vision company, Itseez, back in May. Intel says it "will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond." That’s not a small list of product categories and very few of them have proven themselves out in the mass market in a major way. But if any of them do, Intel obviously intends provide the chips that power them. Source: Intel, Movidius More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest TL;DR Google Watch This Bizarre Google ad uses NBA stars to settle condiment argument by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Google Duo, Google’s app for quick and easy video chatting, may not have the userbase as, say, FaceTime, but at least it has two of the Los Angeles Clippers’ biggest stars using it. In this ad spotted by Adweek, Griffin (who averages 20 points per... Science Space NASA NASA is looking for ideas that could make its Mars vehicles more affordable by Loren Grush@lorengrush NASA is asking the private space industry how to make its future Mars vehicles more affordable. The agency released a Request for Information Thursday afternoon, looking for ideas that could maximize the “long term efficiency and sustainability”... Circuit Breaker Tech Transportation The Dashbot is a $49 gadget that turns your car into Knight Rider’s KITT by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg There are a lot of good options for connecting a smartphone to your car nowadays. Newer models have integrated solutions from Apple or Google. Older vehicles can even use Android Auto now directly on an Android phone, without worrying about... New, 1 comment Entertainment Music Culture Listen to The Weeknd’s new track with Daft Punk, I Feel It Coming by Lizzie Plaugic The Weeknd’s third studio album Starboy is coming out next week, and he just dropped the record’s newest single, “I Feel It Coming,” featuring Daft Punk. The song is the second from the LP to feature Daft Punk — the title track did, too. “I Feel... Featured Video Tech VR Headset Reviews Intel bets on 'merged reality' for its Project Alloy VR headset project by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode In August of this year, Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich appeared onstage during the company’s developers conference wearing a clunky VR headset. He then participated in a live demo that involved using a dollar bill to cut through (virtual)... New, 0 comments Science US & World Health Transgender veterans will not be covered for gender confirmation surgeries, VA says by Rachel Becker The US Department of Veterans Affairs has reneged on its proposal to provide gender confirmation surgeries for transgender veterans. The VA is currently prohibited from conducting the procedure, but a proposed rule change was denied because of... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected Business Insider 9/6/2016 Jim Edwards © Provided by Business Insider Inc JK Scheinberg, the engineer who spent 21 years working at Apple and is most famous for persuading Steve Jobs to move the Mac from PowerPC to Intel in 2005, was rejected from a job at an Apple store. He had applied to work at a Genius Bar, according to The New York Times. The Times used it as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. Writer Ashton Applewhite wrote: Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 110.15 +0.20 +0.18% Intel Corp INTC ▼ 34.79 -0.23 -0.66% New York Times Co NYT ▲ 12.45 +0.15 +1.22% Sony Corp SNE ▼ 29.21 -0.49 -1.64% I'm lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. "On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, 'We'll be in touch,' " he said. "I never heard back." Apple, notoriously, employs very young staff in its stores. It is unlikely that anyone is more qualified to work at Apple than Scheinberg, who ran the famous "Marklar" Intel project. Business Insider described Marklar in an article on the extreme culture of secrecy inside Apple: Kim Scheinberg tells this story about her husband, Apple employee JK, who invented an Intel version of Mac OSX that ran on PCs. Bertrand Serlet, the svp of software engineering, liked the project: "Bertrand sits JK down and has a talk with him about how no one can know about this. No one. Suddenly, the home office has to be reconfigured to meet Apple security standards." "JK points out to Bertrand that I know about the project. In fact, not only do I know about it, I am the person who named it." "Bertrand tells JK that I am to forget everything I know, and he will not be allowed to speak to me about it again until it is publicly announced." "I guess he had some kind of 'Total Recall' memory wipe in mind." More on MSN Money: A Twitter version of the Genius Bar Click to expand Replay Video Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving Donald Trump claims credit for the automaker's decision to keep a plant in Kentucky rather than moving it to Mexico. CNBC One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide A weekly bulletin released by the Georgia Department of Agriculture might've swayed billions of dollars in chicken purchases. Newsy Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs FRANKFURT, Germany — Automaker Volkswagen said Friday it will shed 30,000 jobs to cut costs as it tries to recover from its diesel emissions scandal and invests more in electric-powered vehicles and digital services. Company officials said that 23,000 of the job cuts will come in Germany. It said the measures will save some 3.7 billion euros ($4 billion) a year from 2020. Around 11 million cars worldwide have the deceptive software. CEO Matthias Mueller said it was "the biggest reform package in the history of our core brand." Wochit Business PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Apple Opens a Twitter Version of the Genius Bar Wochit Tech See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving CNBC0:38 One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy1:07 Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs Wochit Business0:39 Lego opens its biggest store in the world in London The Wall Street Journal.1:08 McDonald's CEO: We are modernizing your burger experience CNN Money3:13 How Trump's policies will impact IPOs Bloomberg3:28 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 UP NEXT MacRumors has a nice summary of the story, too. It begins with Scheinberg realising that he could use an off-the-shelf Sony PC to run a version of Mac OS X, the Apple desktop operating system: Bertrand walks in, watches the PC boot up, and says to JK, "How long would it take you to get this running on a (Sony) Vaio?" JK replies, "Not long" and Bertrand says, "Two weeks? Three?" JK said more like two *hours*. Three hours, tops. Bertrand tells JK to go to Fry's (the famous West Coast computer chain) and buy the top of the line, most expensive Vaio they have. So off JK, Max and I go to Frys. We return to Apple less than an hour later. By 7:30 that evening, the Vaio is running the Mac OS. [My husband disputes my memory of this and says that Matt Watson bought the Vaio. Maybe Matt will chime in.] The next morning, Steve Jobs is on a plane to Japan to meet with the President of Sony. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider Stephen Hawking: Humans only have about 1,000 years left Business Insider Trump likely to embark on a victory tour of rallies in states he won Business Insider Here's when to split the bill evenly and when to pay your share Business Insider 7 innovations that are changing the way we manage diabetes, a disease that affects 371 million people worldwide Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Virtual Reality Oculus is giving away its mesmerizing VR painting tool, Quill Like by smiling? Facebook acquires emotion detection startup FacioMetrics Google Earth brings its breathtaking views into VR Browse more... Intel Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech How drones will reshape the enterprise Inside Intel’s race to build a new reality Browse more... Movidius Intel buys computer vision startup Movidius as it looks to build up its RealSense platform Posted Sep 5, 2016 by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story 11 reasons we didn’t invest in your company Intel’s RealSense platform was the star of its Intel Developer’s Forum conference in San Francisco last month and it seems the company is only looking to grow the scale and capabilities of its computer vision tech. Today, the company announced that it is acquiring the computer vision startup behind Google’s Project Tango 3D-sensor tech, Movidius. In a blog post, Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane announced that his startup will continue in its goal of giving “the power of sight to machines” as it works with Intel’s RealSense technology. Movidius has seen a great deal of interest in its radically low-powered computer vision chipset, signing deals with major device makers, including Google, Lenovo and DJI. The eight-year old company has about 180 employees with offices in Silicon Valley, Ireland and Romania. The company had raised $86.5 million in funding across several rounds from investors including Summit Bridge Capital, Capital-E, DFJ and Emertec Gestion amongst others. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. “We’re on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence,” wrote El-Ouazzane. “In the years ahead, we’ll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think.” The company’s Myriad 2 family of Vision Processor Units are being used at Lenovo to build the company’s next generation of virtual reality products while Google struck a deal with the company to deploy its neural computation engine on the platform to push the machine learning power of mobile devices. At its recent IDF developers conference, Intel made major announcements related to its depth-sensing RealSense platform, including a new virtual reality platform called Project Alloy, feature upgrades to its autonomous drone piloting and other initiatives aimed at enhancing computer vision in consumer and enterprise devices. Intel wants to get its RealSense sensor tech in as many devices as possible and a major key is keeping the power usage low enough to appeal to a broad array of devices. Movidius gives Intel an in to get its sensor tech on low-powered mobile devices. Movidius’s SoC claims a sub-1 Watt power budget, a rate much lower than competitors. “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” said Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low power and high performance SoCs opens up opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key.” 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Hardware, Software, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel Movidius Founded 2006 Overview Movidius is a vision processor company that designs compact, high-performance, ultralow power, computational imaging and vision processing chips, software, development tools and reference designs. Movidius’ architecture delivers a new wave of intelligent and contextually aware experiences for consumers in mobile and wearable devices, and other consumer and industrial camera applications. Movidius … Location San Mateo, CA Categories Semiconductor, Machine Learning, Product Design, Software, Artificial Intelligence, Mobile Founders Sean Mitchell, David Moloney Website http://www.movidius.com Full profile for Movidius Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Movidius Intel Virtual Reality Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 54 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Gillmor Gang LIVE 11.18.16 6 minutes ago | Steve Gillmor Pokémon Sun and Moon break 3DS records with 10M units shipped globally 28 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 38 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Seen enough? Here’s how to get the SEC’s attention 39 minutes ago | Connie Loizos Comment moderation powered by Up Next 11 reasons we didn’t invest in your company Posted Sep 5, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 8 hours ago by Jon Russell 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago by Jon Russell
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Software  »  Security  »  News Intel doesn't want John McAfee to use his own name by Thomas McMullan  |  Tuesday 6 September 2016  | Comment Now Would a cybersecurity firm by any other name smell as sweet? Antivirus magnate and Character with a capital “C” John McAfee has filed a lawsuit against Intel, after the tech giant itself filed a letter saying he couldn’t call a company after his name. In May, McAfee announced he was joining MGT Capital Investments as chief financial officer, following the company’s acquisition of anti-spyware firm D-Vasive. Within a few months, the MGT announced its intention to change its name to “John McAfee Global Technologies, Inc”. According to court documents filed at the beginning of the month, posted by The Register, Intel is attempting to block this – pointing to its acquisition of the McAfee trademark when it bought the antivirus company for $US7.68 billion in 2010. “Any use of the McAfee name in connection with your company and its provision of D-Vasive’s anti-spy software or other security solutions would surely be likely to confuse customers as to the source of your company’s products, and/or suggest some affiliation or relationship with McAfee or Intel that does not exist,” wrote Intel managing counsel Kelly Smith in the letter, adding for good measure that “John McAfee does not have any right to use the McAfee name for security related goods and services”. McAfee sees things differently. Last Friday MGT Capital Investments and himself filed a lawsuit against Intel, citing a 1991 document outlining his sale of assets to McAfee Associates LP, in which he did not agree to stop using his name while conducting business. McAfee also points to the fact that in 2014 Intel changed the name of the McAfee antivirus line to Intel Security.   READ NEXT: AVG climbs the AV-Comparatives antivirus ratings According to Bloomberg, Intel is making plans to sell off its antivirus unit as part of an overall strategy to focus on its data-centre business. It's likely the company wants to keep clear ownership of the McAfee brand while in the process of attracting potential bidders, and is therefore unhappy with McAfee putting his moniker on MGT Capital Investments. It would be an understatement to say McAfee has had a dramatic past few years. While living in Belize in 2012, local police alleged he was tied up in unlicensed drug manufacturing, and later sought him as a person of interest after his neighbor was murdered. McAfee subsequently moved to Guatemala, and after a period of detainment he returned to the US where, in 2015, he announced his 2016 presidential campaign as a Libertarian Party Candidate, which he lost out on to New Mexico governor Gary Johnson. Two weeks ago, McAfee, now 70 years old, posted a video on YouTube titled ‘McAfee School of Badass: Now Open’. It’s... um, yeah. See for yourself. Related Articles Liveblog: Microsoft E3 Event - Halo 4, Smartglass, South Park and no new Xbox Liveblog: EA's 'The Download' - Sim City, pro-sports and Warfighter New screens from Dishonored - cloak, dagger and magic! Wargaming.net announces unified gaming service, and World of Battleships trailer Meeting the real Warfighters: A Medal of Honor day out Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  dvasive  |  intel  |  john mcafee  |  mcafee antivirus  |  mgt capital investments   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016     How should we teach our kids to use digital media?     Report identifies path from online gaming to cyber-criminality     How inkjet cartridges are made     New screens and art from Dark Souls 3   More in Security (1 of 10 articles) NEWS This is PoisonTap - Kamkar tool can hack locked PCs << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Firefox Focus for iOS promises to tighten privacy while browsing << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Protect your privacy with SafeErase Professional 11 << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Malwarebytes 3.0 beta released << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (5 of 10 articles) NEWS New ransomware variant extorts your reputation rather than money << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Interest in encrypted email spikes following Trump win << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Russia launches probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky accusations << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (8 of 10 articles) NEWS 10-year-olds break safety rules set by parents to hide cyber-lives << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (9 of 10 articles) NEWS DDoS service's teenage inventor pleads guilty << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Researchers spot cyber-crooks actively upgrading Mirai botnet << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Security News This is PoisonTap - Kamkar tool can hack locked PCs Review Labs Brief: SecuraLive Antivirus Feature The Big Question: What's the best password manager? Group Test Group Test: Switch your antivirus Gallery Photos: AusCERT 2012 day one A-list Product Kaspersky Total Security From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null
null
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Microsoft is offering up to 42% off PCs and notebooks, plus a free 8-inch Windows 10 tablet By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Sep 2, 2016 · Hot! with 8 comments Manufacturers from around the world have been showing off all sorts of impressive new Windows 10 devices at the IFA industry expo in Berlin this week - from the stylish HP Elite Slice and Pavilion Wave, to the unconventional Lenovo Yoga Book, and the monstrous Acer Predator 21 X gaming notebook with a curved display. Of course, many of the new machines shown off this week won't be available for a while, and some will come with eye-watering price tags attached. But if you're on the lookout for a new PC in the US right now, you might want to check out the Microsoft Store, where you can currently get up to 42% off a wide range of desktops, tablets, notebooks, 2-in-1s, and all-in-ones. The savings aren't limited to just the most expensive devices either - here's a selection of some of the more affordable options: HP ENVY 8 Note | usually $329, now $199 (save $130 / 40%) 8-inch Full HD (1920x1080px) touchscreen Intel Atom x5 (Cherry Trail) processor 2GB RAM 32GB storage Stylus with Wacom technology Dell Inspiron 15 | usually $749, now $449 (save $300 / 40%) 15.6-inch Full HD (1920x1080px) touchscreen 6th-generation (Skylake) Intel Core i5 processor 8GB RAM 1TB HDD Intel RealSense 3D camera with Windows Hello support Dell Inspiron 11 | usually $249, now $199 (save $50 / 20%) 11.6-inch touchscreen (1366x768px) Intel Celeron N3060 processor 2GB RAM 32GB storage Lenovo Z50-75 notebook | usually $599, now $349 (save $250 / 42%) 15.6-inch display (1366x768px) AMD FX-7500 processor 8GB RAM 1TB HDD There are other affordable options for budget-conscious buyers - but if your budget stretches a little further, you can enjoy similarly chunky savings on a range of high-end machines. And to sweeten the deal a little more, Microsoft is also giving away a free 8-inch NuVision Windows 10 tablet when you purchase any PC priced at $699 or more (after discounts). Some of the more premium PCs available as part of the sale include: Alienware 15 Touch | usually $2,499, now $1,499 (save $1,000 / 40%) 15.6-inch touchscreen with 4K resolution (3840x2160px) 6th-generation (Skylake) Intel Core i7-6700HQ processor 16GB RAM 256GB SSD + 1TB HDD Nvidia GeForce GTX 970M graphics card HP ENVY Curved 34 All-in-One | usually $2,099, now $1,699 (save $400 / 19%) 34-inch curved display with WQHD (3440x1440px) 6th-generation (Skylake) Intel Core i7-6700T processor 12GB RAM 128GB SSD + 1TB HDD Nvidia GeForce GTX 960A graphics card Intel RealSense 3D camera with Windows Hello support Razer Blade gaming laptop | usually $2,399, now $1,699 (save $700 / 29%) 14-inch touchscreen with QHD+ (3200x1800px) resolution 4th-generation (Haswell) Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor 16GB RAM 256GB SSD Nvidia GeForce GTX 970M graphics card ASUS ZenBook Pro | usually $1,499, now $999 (save $500 / 33%) 15.6-inch IPS LED touchscreen with 4K (3840x2160px) resolution 4th-generation (Haswell) Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor 16GB RAM 512GB SSD Nvidia GeForce GTX 960M graphics card You can see the full range of discounted PCs on the Microsoft Store here. The deals will remain available until September 6. Tags Microsoft Microsoft store Alienware Dell Hp Lenovo Msi Asus Toshiba Razer Acer Vaio Nuvision Windows 10 Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Google expected to announce Pixel phones, Daydream VR headset, and more on October 4 Next Story Save 15% off a Nifty MiniDrive Pro via Neowin Deals - get it for just $33.99 Community Activity Refresh The Big Wrestling Thread! in The Sporting Arena Really messed up desktop theme in Microsoft (Windows) Support Samsung is now working on Android 7.0 Nougat for the Galaxy Note 5, S6, S6 edge and Tab S2 in Front Page News Apple acknowledges iPhone 6 'Touch Disease', offers to cure it for $149 in Front Page News No surprise: Microsoft's Project Scorpio will be a "premium console" at a "higher price" in Front Page News Valve facing prospect of multi-million dollar fine in Australia in Front Page News Intel wants to make artificial intelligence 100 times faster with new class of processors in Front Page News Windows 10 Insider Preview build 14965 ISOs are now available in Front Page News Related Stories Alienware GM: Microsoft moved away from gamers with Windows 8; Windows 10 changed everything Nov 14, 2016 7 Days: A week of Windows phones, Microsoft teamwork, and virtual delights Nov 5, 2016 Microsoft is offering up to 42% off dozens of Windows 10 PCs and tablets in the US Nov 2, 2016 7 Days: A week of Microsoft highs and lows, Windows 10 wonders, and Nintendo's big Switch Oct 22, 2016 deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.00 94% off Become an Ethical Hacker Bonus Bundle $681.00 $25.00 96% off Show Comments 8 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first Sort by newest first Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Fedora Should Soon Have The Intel Vulkan Driver Written by Michael Larabel in Fedora on 2 September 2016 at 11:11 AM EDT. 5 Comments While the Intel Vulkan Linux driver has been part of mainline Mesa for months and shipped in Mesa 12.0 with support for running Dota 2 and The Talos Principle, the Fedora packages don't yet enable the Vulkan driver but that should soon change. The Fedora Mesa packages currently build without the Intel Vulkan driver while it's been requested with no support yet. From an inquiry on the Fedora mailing list. landing the Intel Vulkan driver is just held up until Fedora has the generic Vulkan loader landed as a package. Per this bug report, the Vulkan loader and validation layers are currently being reviewed. Hopefully that will land in short order so Fedora users will begin having out-of-the-box Intel Vulkan support. Now to hope RADV is mainlined in Mesa soon or that AMD puts out their open-source Vulkan code for getting more OSS Vulkan exposure... 5 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Fedora News Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week Fedora Looks At Changing The Default Hostname For F26 & Beyond Fedora 25 Has Been Delayed To 22 November Fedora 25 Finally Makes MP3 Playback Easy, Fedora 26 Might Ship It By Default Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Your Last Chance To Test Out Fedora 25 Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,277 Reviews & Articles | 52,950 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel reportedly delays its 7nm shift from 2020 to 2022 Intel has delayed its 7nm process to 2022, will have 10nm++ products on the market by 2020 By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Sep 5, 2016 10:25 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel had previously pegged its upcoming shift to the 7nm node for 2020, but according to the latest rumors it has been delayed through to 2020.     The company has been looking for a processor designer to work in their new Microarchitecture Research Lab that's based in Bangalore, India. The new processor designer would join a team of engineers to "spearhead the research and advanced development" of both processor cores and graphics processors that will be deployed in the "2020 and beyond timeframe" using Intel's "futuristic" 7nm manufacturing tech.   Intel has recently updated the job advertisement, changing the date of its 7nm node from 2020 to 2022, with the job noting: "The India Lab specifically, in collaboration with MRL-US and Intel product architecture teams worldwide, will spearhead the research and advanced development of Microprocessor Cores in the 2022 and beyond timeframe. By conceiving of and prototyping radical approaches, the Lab will aim to deliver much greater CPU power and area efficiency while still delivering industry-leading performance. The microarchitecture and design of these advanced CPUs will be aggressively co-optimized with Intel's sub-10nm technology nodes deep into the next decade".   Intel wants there to be multiple waves of 10nm technology, with 10nm being succeeded by 10nm+, and then again with 10nm++. The first 10nm++ processors should arrive in January 2020, while the first 7nm products to pop their head in January 2021 at the earliest, and more likely in 2022. NEWS SOURCES:Fudzilla.com Recommended for You Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost... Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production >> NEXT STORY: Sony officially confirms new PS4 reveal for September 7 << PREVIOUS STORY: iPhone 7 could have wireless earphones in the box Related Tags Intel Intel 7nm Intel 7nm delayed Intel 7nm 2022 Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Red Dead Redemption 2 has 'incredible emotional depth' Nintendo Europe Tweet special 3DS Badge Academy app deal Oculus Rift headsets will now work on lower-end PCs Nintendo Switch to get full HD Pokemon Sun and Moon port System Shock remake has been delayed until 2018View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity gigabyte z170x gaming 7 rev 1.0 ram F4-3000C15D-16GTZproblem with bios f20d ASUS R510V laptop freezes and ventilator sounds D-Link DCS-2530L Wide Angle 1080p Wi-Fi IP Camera Review BIOS downgrade on Gigabyte card GA-Z170X-GAMING 3 EU Z87 extreme9/ac Bios requestView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation May Have Canceled a Significant Product This chipmaker may stop building graphics-heavy chips for high-performance laptops. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 5, 2016 at 3:29PM Image source: Intel.  Back in 2013, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) released a series of chips based on its Haswell architecture (fourth-generation Core) with a graphics technology known as Iris Pro. This graphics technology made the chip larger and more expensive to make than the variants without Iris Pro, but performance in graphically intensive applications such as 3D games went up significantly. For the right customers, such as Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), the product family made sense. Intel followed up the original Haswell-based Iris Pro chips with variants of its Broadwell (fifth-generation Core) and Skylake (sixth-generation Core) architectures that included updated versions of the Iris Pro technology. An early leak suggested that Intel also planned to introduce an Iris Pro-powered variant of its Kaby Lake architecture (seventh-generation Core). However, I believe that it is very likely that this product has been canceled. Sifting for clues In a product brief that Intel posted alongside the announcement of its seventh-generation Core processor family, it included the following slide: Image source: Intel. Notice that Intel says that in January it will launch "additional products for enterprise, workstation, Intel Iris Graphics and enthusiasts [sic] notebooks and desktops." Note that Intel didn't say Iris Pro here, just vanilla Iris Graphics (a type of high-performance graphics included in Intel's lower-power notebook processors; Iris Pro is for higher-performance/power chips). Although the above should be enough to raise the proverbial yellow flag, there's even more evidence. Take, for example, a recent leak from NotebookCheck.net, of what looks like an Intel internal slide showing the launch timelines for each of the seventh-generation Core processors. It lists the following chip variants: U 2+2 (HDCP 1.4) U 2+2 (HDCP 2.2) S 4+2 (HDCP 2.2) H 4+2 (HDCP 2.2) U 2+3e (HDCP 2.2) S 2+2 (HDCP 2.2) Don't worry too much about the specifics, but a seventh-generation Core processor with Iris Pro graphics would have been an 'H' series processor (high-performance notebook) in a 4+4e configuration (four processor cores + GT4 graphics + eDRAM). This configuration is absent from this particular leak. If that weren't enough, there's still even more evidence. NotebookCheck.net also got its hands on another image that appears to be from Intel, showing the company's planned seventh-generation Core processor product stack. Unsurprisingly, it, too, lacks a 4+4e part. The future of Iris Pro remains unclear Intel's Iris Graphics processors in low-power laptops appear to be doing well and are gaining momentum, something that should serve to enrich the company's notebook product mix. This makes sense, as an integrated graphics solution is generally preferable for size and battery life in the kinds of laptops that would use either a 15-watt or 28-watt processor.  Iris Pro, on the other hand, doesn't seem to have been as successful. Apple's current 15-inch MacBook Pro still uses fourth-generation Core-based Iris Pro processors. Very few notebook vendors seemed to adopt Intel's fifth-generation Core processors with Iris Pro (though Apple's 21.5-inch iMac uses such a chip), and I can't find any notebooks with Intel's sixth-generation Core processors with Iris Pro (even though Intel's product page says that such products have been launched). Customer demand for Intel processors with Iris Pro graphics may simply not be there, particularly as the high-performance laptops that Iris Pro would be suitable for can generally support stand-alone graphics processors without much issue. And, if personal computer manufacturers are, by and large, not interested, then it makes little sense for Intel to invest further in that product line (especially in light of the company's recent restructuring actions).  I think the big "tell" for whether Iris Pro has a future will be the processor Apple uses when it updates the 15-inch MacBook Pro (rumored for later this year). If Apple uses a chip with Iris Pro, then the technology may have a future. If Apple simply uses a quad-core chip with GT2 graphics (in other words a "4+2" configuration) in the system, then it may be "game over" for Iris Pro.       Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 5, 2016 at 3:29PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.18 up $0.23 (0.21%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.81 down $0.20 (-0.59%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation’s Future Processor Plans Revealed A peek at what products this chipmaker plans to launch in order to support its largest business unit. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 5, 2016 at 4:29PM Image source: Intel.  According to DigiTimes, citing "sources from Taiwan PC makers," microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will start shipping next-generation desktop processors based on its Kaby Lake architecture (branded seventh generation Core) by "year-end 2016" -- in line with previous leaks and Intel's own public statements. That's all well and good, but DigiTimes has some information on Intel's future processor plans beyond this year's Kaby Lake. Let's take a closer look. Coffee Lake and Cannonlake for desktops and notebooks, respectively DigiTimes says that in 2017, Intel plans to release two separate processor families targeting notebook personal computers and desktop personal computers, respectively. The report says that for notebooks, Intel will release a product family known as Cannonlake, manufactured in the company's upcoming 10-nanometer manufacturing technology. For desktops (and likely, as PC Watch previously reported, high-performance notebook systems), Intel is expected to release a fourth generation of products manufactured in its 14-nanometer technology known as Coffee Lake. Both Cannonlake and Coffee Lake, per the report, will arrive in the second half of 2017 -- though it's not clear whether this refers to shipments to system vendors or availability of systems using the chips to end-users. Icelake for both in 2018 DigiTimes goes on to say that Intel will introduce a new processor family, known as Icelake, in 2018. Presumably, processors based on the Icelake architecture will replace both Cannonlake in thin-and-light notebooks and Coffee Lake in desktops and high-performance notebooks. Icelake is expected to be manufactured in Intel's 10-nanometer technology (likely the second-generation 10-nanometer+ technology that Intel mentioned last month). Additionally, under Intel's "Process-Architecture-Optimization" product development methodology, Icelake should also bring to bear a significantly enhanced architecture relative to what the company is likely to ship with both Cannonlake and Coffee Lake. Still some unanswered questions Although Intel's strategy of splitting the desktop/high performance notebook lines from the mainstream notebook processor lines is now known, there are still a lot of things that we don't yet know about it.  For example, we know that Cannonlake includes a new processor architecture (it's not the same processor core as Skylake or Kaby Lake) and a new graphics architecture. However, very little is known about what Coffee Lake really is. PC Watch says that Coffee Lake will come in configurations with up to six processor cores and will include the company's GT3e graphics (Intel's desktop chips and most of its high-performance notebook chips top out at four processor cores and GT2 graphics).  Are these processor cores going to be the same ones used in Skylake and Kaby Lake? Or is Intel doing an implementation of the enhanced Cannonlake cores in the older 14-nanometer technology? How about graphics? Is Intel simply planning on scaling up the same graphics engine found in Skylake/Kaby Lake (known as Gen. 9 graphics) or does Coffee Lake get the newer Gen. 10 graphics and media engine? My suspicion is that Intel will take the path of least resistance and that Coffee Lake will ultimately just be "scaled up" Kaby Lake with more of the same processor and graphics cores. This wouldn't necessarily be a bad strategy, as it would still ultimately yield more performance (and could speed time-to-market), but from a performance/power efficiency perspective, it wouldn't be ideal.     Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 5, 2016 at 4:29PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.81 down $0.20 (-0.59%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation’s Future Processor Plans Revealed A peek at what products this chipmaker plans to launch in order to support its largest business unit. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 5, 2016 at 4:29PM Image source: Intel.  According to DigiTimes, citing "sources from Taiwan PC makers," microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will start shipping next-generation desktop processors based on its Kaby Lake architecture (branded seventh generation Core) by "year-end 2016" -- in line with previous leaks and Intel's own public statements. That's all well and good, but DigiTimes has some information on Intel's future processor plans beyond this year's Kaby Lake. Let's take a closer look. Coffee Lake and Cannonlake for desktops and notebooks, respectively DigiTimes says that in 2017, Intel plans to release two separate processor families targeting notebook personal computers and desktop personal computers, respectively. The report says that for notebooks, Intel will release a product family known as Cannonlake, manufactured in the company's upcoming 10-nanometer manufacturing technology. For desktops (and likely, as PC Watch previously reported, high-performance notebook systems), Intel is expected to release a fourth generation of products manufactured in its 14-nanometer technology known as Coffee Lake. Both Cannonlake and Coffee Lake, per the report, will arrive in the second half of 2017 -- though it's not clear whether this refers to shipments to system vendors or availability of systems using the chips to end-users. Icelake for both in 2018 DigiTimes goes on to say that Intel will introduce a new processor family, known as Icelake, in 2018. Presumably, processors based on the Icelake architecture will replace both Cannonlake in thin-and-light notebooks and Coffee Lake in desktops and high-performance notebooks. Icelake is expected to be manufactured in Intel's 10-nanometer technology (likely the second-generation 10-nanometer+ technology that Intel mentioned last month). Additionally, under Intel's "Process-Architecture-Optimization" product development methodology, Icelake should also bring to bear a significantly enhanced architecture relative to what the company is likely to ship with both Cannonlake and Coffee Lake. Still some unanswered questions Although Intel's strategy of splitting the desktop/high performance notebook lines from the mainstream notebook processor lines is now known, there are still a lot of things that we don't yet know about it.  For example, we know that Cannonlake includes a new processor architecture (it's not the same processor core as Skylake or Kaby Lake) and a new graphics architecture. However, very little is known about what Coffee Lake really is. PC Watch says that Coffee Lake will come in configurations with up to six processor cores and will include the company's GT3e graphics (Intel's desktop chips and most of its high-performance notebook chips top out at four processor cores and GT2 graphics).  Are these processor cores going to be the same ones used in Skylake and Kaby Lake? Or is Intel doing an implementation of the enhanced Cannonlake cores in the older 14-nanometer technology? How about graphics? Is Intel simply planning on scaling up the same graphics engine found in Skylake/Kaby Lake (known as Gen. 9 graphics) or does Coffee Lake get the newer Gen. 10 graphics and media engine? My suspicion is that Intel will take the path of least resistance and that Coffee Lake will ultimately just be "scaled up" Kaby Lake with more of the same processor and graphics cores. This wouldn't necessarily be a bad strategy, as it would still ultimately yield more performance (and could speed time-to-market), but from a performance/power efficiency perspective, it wouldn't be ideal.     Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 5, 2016 at 4:29PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.81 down $0.20 (-0.59%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Fancy using Android on your computer? Android-86 released first build of Nougat for the PC Christian de Looper Digital TrendsSeptember 5, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share It’s safe to say that Android and Intel don’t play that well together these days, and neither Google nor Intel are doing much to change that. Despite that, however, the Android-86 project, which is aimed at bringing Android to computers, is alive and well. In fact, the Android 7.0 build for developers has just been released through the project. What does that mean? You can now run Android 7.0 Nougat on your computer. Related: Google testing a new, streamlined search history format on Android Of course, it’s important to note that the software, which is based on Google’s Android Open Source Project, is still under development. You will, however, be able to enjoy some of Nougat’s standout features, such as multi-window mode and split-screen mode. It’s also important to note that the project is by and large aimed at developers. The official page for Android-x86 tells you how to create the operating system from the source, but you’ll need to know what you’re doing in order to do that. To download a disc image, you can head over to Geek Til it Hertz. Of course, Android on a PC might not be the best choice for everyone, especially because of the fact that it doesn’t yet support all of Nougat’s features. For example, the file manager doesn’t yet work. Before the Nougat build was made public, there was a build of Android Marshmallow for computers in the form of Remix OS. Remix OS was stable enough to run on computers, and was created specifically to run fast and perform well. It also excelled in things like multiple window support, optimizations for the keyboard and mouse, the taskbar, and so on. Android Nougat, however, will bring a number of great new features to the operating system. The aforementioned multitasking features are perhaps the most important, however the OS also brings improved notifications, and customizable quick settings. Check out the video below to find out more about the project. Get the most out of Android 7.0 Nougat with these tips and tricks When is your phone getting Android 7.0 Nougat? We asked every major manufacturer The next Android flavor from Google is Nougat Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals The Verge iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech A smart home for Fido: Dog Parker offers safe place to keep canines in the big city Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation May Have Canceled a Significant Product This chipmaker may stop building graphics-heavy chips for high-performance laptops. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 5, 2016 at 3:29PM Image source: Intel.  Back in 2013, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) released a series of chips based on its Haswell architecture (fourth-generation Core) with a graphics technology known as Iris Pro. This graphics technology made the chip larger and more expensive to make than the variants without Iris Pro, but performance in graphically intensive applications such as 3D games went up significantly. For the right customers, such as Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), the product family made sense. Intel followed up the original Haswell-based Iris Pro chips with variants of its Broadwell (fifth-generation Core) and Skylake (sixth-generation Core) architectures that included updated versions of the Iris Pro technology. An early leak suggested that Intel also planned to introduce an Iris Pro-powered variant of its Kaby Lake architecture (seventh-generation Core). However, I believe that it is very likely that this product has been canceled. Sifting for clues In a product brief that Intel posted alongside the announcement of its seventh-generation Core processor family, it included the following slide: Image source: Intel. Notice that Intel says that in January it will launch "additional products for enterprise, workstation, Intel Iris Graphics and enthusiasts [sic] notebooks and desktops." Note that Intel didn't say Iris Pro here, just vanilla Iris Graphics (a type of high-performance graphics included in Intel's lower-power notebook processors; Iris Pro is for higher-performance/power chips). Although the above should be enough to raise the proverbial yellow flag, there's even more evidence. Take, for example, a recent leak from NotebookCheck.net, of what looks like an Intel internal slide showing the launch timelines for each of the seventh-generation Core processors. It lists the following chip variants: U 2+2 (HDCP 1.4) U 2+2 (HDCP 2.2) S 4+2 (HDCP 2.2) H 4+2 (HDCP 2.2) U 2+3e (HDCP 2.2) S 2+2 (HDCP 2.2) Don't worry too much about the specifics, but a seventh-generation Core processor with Iris Pro graphics would have been an 'H' series processor (high-performance notebook) in a 4+4e configuration (four processor cores + GT4 graphics + eDRAM). This configuration is absent from this particular leak. If that weren't enough, there's still even more evidence. NotebookCheck.net also got its hands on another image that appears to be from Intel, showing the company's planned seventh-generation Core processor product stack. Unsurprisingly, it, too, lacks a 4+4e part. The future of Iris Pro remains unclear Intel's Iris Graphics processors in low-power laptops appear to be doing well and are gaining momentum, something that should serve to enrich the company's notebook product mix. This makes sense, as an integrated graphics solution is generally preferable for size and battery life in the kinds of laptops that would use either a 15-watt or 28-watt processor.  Iris Pro, on the other hand, doesn't seem to have been as successful. Apple's current 15-inch MacBook Pro still uses fourth-generation Core-based Iris Pro processors. Very few notebook vendors seemed to adopt Intel's fifth-generation Core processors with Iris Pro (though Apple's 21.5-inch iMac uses such a chip), and I can't find any notebooks with Intel's sixth-generation Core processors with Iris Pro (even though Intel's product page says that such products have been launched). Customer demand for Intel processors with Iris Pro graphics may simply not be there, particularly as the high-performance laptops that Iris Pro would be suitable for can generally support stand-alone graphics processors without much issue. And, if personal computer manufacturers are, by and large, not interested, then it makes little sense for Intel to invest further in that product line (especially in light of the company's recent restructuring actions).  I think the big "tell" for whether Iris Pro has a future will be the processor Apple uses when it updates the 15-inch MacBook Pro (rumored for later this year). If Apple uses a chip with Iris Pro, then the technology may have a future. If Apple simply uses a quad-core chip with GT2 graphics (in other words a "4+2" configuration) in the system, then it may be "game over" for Iris Pro.       Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 5, 2016 at 3:29PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.18 up $0.23 (0.21%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.81 down $0.20 (-0.59%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / PC Component News / Your next desktop PC might be AMD-powered: Here's why Bristol Ridge is a big deal Your next desktop PC might be AMD-powered: Here's why Bristol Ridge is a big deal by Michael Passingham 05 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments AMD reveals Bristol Ridge desktop processors for smaller, thinner and more efficient PCs. The next generation of PCs look set to benefit from thinner and more attractive designs thanks to improved efficiency and performance from AMD’s line-up of desktop processors. While all of AMD’s press coverage might have been geared towards its revamped graphics card line-up and Zen CPU core architecture, goings on elsewhere in the company look set to shake-up the all-in-one PC market. The company unveiled its 7th-generation ‘Bristol Ridge’ architecture for laptops earlier this year, and now it’s followed that up with a series of desktop-level APU announcements. Related: Best gaming PC specs to build yourself The line-up includes eight desktop processors, although for now they will only be available for OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) for now – sorry custom builders, no word on what 7th-generation AMD chips will be in your next rig – starting from the low-end dual-core A6-9500 and 9500E chips all the way up to top-end quad-core A12-9800 and 9800E. The E-suffix represents a lower-power chip tuned to work at a thermal design power (TDP) of 35W, whereas the non-E version works at a full 65W and requires a more powerful cooling system. AMD’s claims – via PCMark 8 benchmarks – that the A12-9800 matches the equivalent Intel Core i5-6500 CPU while the A12-9800E manages 17% better performance when compared with the equivalent 35W Core i5-6500T. It’s not hugely surprising, however, since AMD’s own chips run at a higher clock speed than Intel’s. Still, managing better performance from the same power consumption is impressive. If the numbers add up in the real world, AMD could have a decent, albeit brief advantage. Why brief? Intel’s yet to show off its desktop-specification 7th-generation ‘Kaby Lake’ desktop chips, so we don’t know how much of an improvement they’ll be over the previous generation. If we were to hazard a guess, we'd reckon the new processors will put Intel slightly ahead on full desktop chips and neck-and-neck when it comes to its lower-power ‘T’-suffix chips that go toe-to-toe with AMD’s ‘E’-suffix models. Graphics performance is on the up, too. AMD has traditionally managed significantly better on-chip graphics performance than Intel, and while the gap has narrowed in recent generations, it’ll be interesting to see how the two stack up. RIght now, AMD reckons its graphics performance advantage over Intel in is between 88% and 99%, which is significant. Good news for gamers. The new APUs slot into the new AM4 chipset platform, which applies across AMD’s range of 7th-generation processors. The AM4 platform supports all the latest standards you’d hope from a desktop chip including DDR4 memory, USB 3.1, NVMe storage and SATA Express. There’ll be a selection of chipsets when the time comes to launch motherboards for custom PC builders, with X300, B300 and A300 forming the small form-factor chipset line up. A320, B350 and an as-yet unnamed chipset fills up the rest of the range. What does all this mean for consumers? Thinner, more powerful all-in-one PCs initially and more power-efficient custom builds when the time comes to sell the new processors as standalone items. While Intel still hasn’t shown its hand, it looks like 2017 is going to be an exciting year for desktop PCs. You'll see the fruits of AMD's labour on Lenovo and HP all-in-ones this Autumn. While we wait for AMD desktop chips, watch our AMD Radeon RX 480 graphics card review 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Menu APlus Instagram Twitter Facebook The Australian Log In Subscribe My Account Log Out Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Football Rugby Union Tennis AFL NRL Golf Cycling Motorsport Turf & Thoroughbreds The Times Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property Technology Review: Intel bills Compute Stick as a Windows computer in your hand Intel Compute Stick Core m3. Chris Griffith The Australian 12:00AM September 6, 2016 Save Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on email Share more... Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Whatsapp Print this articleX Chris Griffith Technology reporter Sydney https://plus.google.com/116849779175391500455 @chris_griffith I’m a big fan of tiny computers. They improve the aesthetics of their location, hiding under desks and behind monitors and they breathe new life into old and not-so-clever displays and TVs. A $50 WiFi-enabled Raspberry Pi attached to an old monitor can transform it into a media powerhouse, streaming movies and TV series from your home media server. I use a square Intel NUC (next unit of computing) to stream TV via WiFi to a projector set up for home cinema. The little NUC takes up no space at all and I can project literally everything: TV, movies, Netflix, you name it. That’s why I was excited to try out another Intel miniaturised device, the Compute Stick, which the company bills as a Windows computer that fits in the palm of your hand. It’s just 11.4cm long and it doesn’t actually sit in your hand. Instead you plug it into an HDMI slot at the back of a display. There’s also an HDMI extension cable in the box if you find it awkward to plug it in directly. The Compute Stick turns a monitor into an all-in-one computer, and a TV into a Windows equipped smart TV. Add a keyboard and mouse, and you’re on your way. In Australia four versions of the Compute Stick have been available with Intel Atom processors for under $200. But they offered basic performance. Now there are more powerful second-generation models with Core m3 and Core m5 mobile processors. Until now the PC-on-a-stick routine has been strictly a low-performance affair designed for those looking to perform basic tasks. The latest iterations of Compute Stick aim to change that to some extent but are they really powerful enough and value for money? I tested the Core m3 version with Windows 10 Home, codenamed STK2M3W64CC. It supports dual band 802.11ac WiFi, is Bluetooth-enabled, has 4GB of RAM, 64GB of eMMC (embedded Multimedia Controller) storage, and Intel HD Graphics 515. The stick is connected by a USB Type-C cable to a rather large power plug. Both offer connectivity. There’s a USB3.0 and microSD card slot that supports microSDXC cards on the stick itself. The power plug, which might be a metre away, has two more USB3.0 slots that you can use to plug in a keyboard or mouse. Having cords going from the stick to the power plug and from the power plug to the keyboard and mouse can look untidy. If your power plug isn’t near your desk, I would recommend a wireless set-up to minimise cord clutter. You can use the power point’s two USB3.0 slots for other devices. I plugged in a flash drive and a 2TB USB-powered external hard drive during my tryout. The Compute Stick doesn’t have a 3.5mm audio jack so you depend on sound from the HDMI link to your display or Bluetooth headphones/speakers. The dual core processor’s clock speed is 1.52 Gigahertz. It managed to play 4K clips without issue and in the Cinebench 15 benchmark test scored 145 cb for the CPU test and 22.30 frames per second for 3D graphics. That’s OK for basic computing tasks that don’t require much power and graphics capability. It does the job with Windows 10. But that’s about it. Given these limitations, it is expensive for its relatively entry level performance: $599 for this model and $777 for the faster Core m5 system. That’s double the price of the original Atom processor versions. For that price you could buy a decent tablet computer or a notebook. For $60 less ($539) you could buy a more highly specced Core i5 Intel NUC. The 6i5SYh version of the NUC has a 1.8 Gigahertz processor, WiFi, dual band Bluetooth, four USB3.0 ports, HDMI, Ethernet, audio out and supports SDXC microSD cards. It also has in-built infra-red. It’s better specced and cheaper. Further, you can attach a NUC to the back of monitors with a bracket that Intel usually provides in the kit. They can be invisible too. Core M does use less power, but the benefit of Core M technology for battery-life savings is lost as this device is connected to the mains power. In the end a NUC, which isn’t that much bigger, is a better deal from Intel. Overall I like the Compute Stick concept but the end result is not a lot of grunt for a lot of money. I would look around for other options, including from Intel. For example, the latest ASRock BeeBox has two HDMI ports and a DisplayPort, supports three monitors, 4K video, and 48 IP security cameras and has USB Type-C and USB3.0 for a few hundred dollars. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on email Share more... Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Whatsapp Print this articleX Reader comments on this site are moderated before publication to promote lively and civil debate. We encourage your comments but submitting one does not guarantee publication. We publish hundreds of comments daily, and if a comment is rejected it is likely because it does not meet with our comment guidelines, which you can read here. No correspondence will be entered into if a comment is declined. Load CommentsLoading Comments... From the homepage Triggs has lost trust: ex-memberChris Kenny Gillian Triggs is under renewed pressure to ­resign after devastating criticism from an ex-human rights commissioner. Race case ‘threat to uni brand’Hedley Thomas Students in a racial hatred case say documents show they were wronged and kept in the dark by their university. Contest of ideas: MPs argue 18CPHILLIP HUDSON Resolving disputes under section 18C of the RDA has become a “form of punishment”, says the Nick Xenophon Team. OK by them in AmericaChris Kenny We should all rejoice that offshore refugees could soon be off to the US. PwC staff offered Trump therapyCameron Stewart PricewaterhouseCoopers has offered to counsel staff in Australia who are worried by Donald Trump’s US election win. The McAfee brand is about to start flying solo again after a hiatus of six years. MoreSupratim Adhikari It’s been a huge two months for Sony and its gaming. MoreChris Griffith Corporate start-up accelerator Slingshot is keen to bring big business and start-ups closer together. MoreDavid Swan The Leica Q isn’t perfect, but its simplicity makes it an absolute, albeit expensive, treat. MoreJames Tindale Technology, delivered daily The latest in tech emailed to you from The Australian More Stories Turnbull’s $20bn NBN bailoutJOE KELLY, SUPRATIM ADHIKARI The Turnbull government will borrow about another $20bn to shore-up the rollout of the National Broadband Network. NBN Co lifeline ‘secures’ rolloutSupratim Adhikari The federal goivernment’s exposure to the National Broadband Network has blown out to $50 billion. Dean, the man behind Google BrainDamon Kitney Google’s Jeff Dean likes nothing more than finding problems and then working with others to seek out a solution. Venture capital backs local talent Australian start-ups have benefited from a jump in domestic venture capital investment. Dropbox doubles down on securityDAVID SWAN The cloud collaboration firm has announced a partnership with Symantec and a number of new business features. Podcast series: The betrayal of a generation Podcasts from The Australian, including the award-winning Bowraville more executive careers Features Podcast series: The betrayal of a generation Podcasts from The Australian, including the award-winning Bowraville Feature: Authorities are handling Auburn’s Salim Mehajer with kid gloves See what the latest Newspoll would mean if an election was held today We’ve got giveaways and brilliant ideas to bring joy to the festive break The Global Food Forum is returning in March 2017. Secure your place now A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here theaustralian subscribe newsletters Send Stories search News Top Stories Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer In-Depth Investigations Health & Science Weekend Australian Magazine Mind Games Weather Video Photos Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Cartoons Editorials Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Wall Street Journal Wealth Mining & Energy Property Aviation Economics Financial Services Legal Affairs Businessnow National Affairs Politics News Opinion Blogs State Politics Policy Treasury Immigration Industrial Relations Defence Newspoll Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Rugby Union AFL NRL Football Tennis Turf & Thoroughbreds Golf Motorsports Cycling The Times Sport Technology Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Arts Arts news Opinion Books Film Visual Arts Stage Music Television Review Magazine Life Fashion Food & Wine Home & Design Health & Wellbeing Motoring Personal-tech Wish Magazine Magazine Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion University Rankings International Students Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Digital Marketing Follow Us Find us on Twitter Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Subscribe Subscriber Rewards About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Our journalists Photo Sales News Archive Help Accessibility Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Terms & Conditions Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition November 25 Donald Trump's Russia Dilemma New Skin Patch Protects Against Peanut Allergy Attacks Inside Zurich's Drive-Up 'Sex Box' Business Donald Trump's Russia Dilemma View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out Tech & Science John McAfee Sues Intel to Use His Own Name By Anthony Cuthbertson On 9/5/16 at 7:26 AM John McAfee tells Newsweek he is "pissed off" at Intel for laying claim to his name. Everykey Tech & Science John McAfee Intel Cybersecurity pioneer John McAfee is fighting Intel to prove he still owns his own name, after the computing giant accused him of infringing on the “McAfee” trademark it owns. McAfee created the eponymous antivirus computer software, which Intel acquired in 2010, almost 20 years after selling his assets to the company. He has since become CEO of MGT Capital Investments and plans to rename the firm “John McAfee Global Technologies.” McAfee antivirus has since been renamed Intel Security, but Intel still warned McAfee earlier this year that any use of his name would infringe on the company’s trademark. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week “When MGT was renamed John McAfee Global Technologies, Intel sent a cease and desist order claiming they owned my name,” McAfee tells Newsweek. “In truth, when I formed McAfee Inc I signed over only the name ‘McAfee Antivirus.’ “Intel has been illegally using my name for every product that they sell,” McAfee says. “It never bothered me but now that they are trying to prevent me from using my name I’m pissed off.” McAfee and his new company MGT Capital filed a lawsuit against Intel on September 2, arguing that the Asset Acquisition Agreement from 1991 did not assign the rights to his personal name or agree to restrict his right to do business using his own name. Related Stories I May Be a Political Hot Shot but I’m No Charlie Sheen Mr. McAfee Goes to Washington How Artificial Intelligence Is Helping Japanese Farmers According to the lawsuit, MGT’s proposed name change is “a clear reference to McAfee as an individual and as a famed international figure in his own right.” Since selling his antivirus company, McAfee has had several business ventures and has remained consistently in the public eye. Earlier this year, McAfee sought the Libertarian Party nomination for the U.S. presidential election. The nomination was eventually won by former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson. Intel was not immediately available for comment. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2016 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe November 18 Issue The Role Gender Played in the Presidential Election How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory How Donald Trump Surfed Public Anger to the Presidency November 11 Issue Budweiser's Battle for Beer Market Dominance The Hacker’s Pearl Harbor The Cow Defense October 28 Issue Colorado Springs Teens Keep Killing Themselves Experts Suspect New Dead Sea Scroll Fragments Are Fake Donald the Destroyer October 21 Issue Swipe for Safer Sex Roosh V: From Pickup Artist to Right-Wing Provocateur The New ISIS Crisis Browse Archives
null
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] September 5 AAPL: 107.73 1.00 Apple engineer who got Mac OS running on Intel chips rejected for Genius job Ben Lovejoy - 2 months ago @benlovejoy Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The NY Times reports that JK Scheinberg, the engineer famously responsible for getting what was then Mac OS running on Intel machines, was rejected for an Apple Store Genius job. I’m lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he’d be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. “On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, ‘We’ll be in touch,’ ” he said. “I never heard back.” I wonder whether they read his CV or Googled him … ? Scheinberg worked on the Intel conversion privately in his home office. When he was able to demo it running on a Sony Vaio, Steve Jobs rushed off to Sony to offer it to them, the company originally aiming to take the route of allowing other companies to license the OS. Sony turned him down. Via Business Insider Guides Apple View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected Jim Edwards Sep. 5, 2016, 7:35 AM 387,163 facebook linkedin twitter email print JK Scheinberg.JK Scheinberg / Linkedin JK Scheinberg, the engineer who spent 21 years working at Apple and is best known for persuading Steve Jobs to move the Mac from PowerPC to Intel in 2005, was rejected from a job at an Apple store a few years later. He had applied to work at a Genius Bar, according to The New York Times. The Times used it as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. Ashton Applewhite wrote in The Times: "I'm lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. 'On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, "We'll be in touch,"' he said. 'I never heard back.'" Apple, notoriously, employs very young workers in its stores. It is unlikely that anyone is more qualified to work at an Apple store than Scheinberg, who ran the "Marklar" Intel project. Business Insider described Marklar in an article on the extreme culture of secrecy inside Apple: "Kim Scheinberg tells this story about her husband, Apple employee JK, who invented an Intel version of Mac OSX that ran on PCs. Bertrand Serlet, the svp of software engineering, liked the project: "'Bertrand sits JK down and has a talk with him about how no one can know about this. No one. Suddenly, the home office has to be reconfigured to meet Apple security standards. "'JK points out to Bertrand that I know about the project. In fact, not only do I know about it, I am the person who named it. "'Bertrand tells JK that I am to forget everything I know, and he will not be allowed to speak to me about it again until it is publicly announced. "'I guess he had some kind of "Total Recall" memory wipe in mind.'" MacRumors has a nice summary of the story too. It begins with Scheinberg realising that he could use an off-the-shelf Sony PC to run a version of Mac OS X, the Apple desktop operating system: "Bertrand walks in, watches the PC boot up, and says to JK, 'How long would it take you to get this running on a (Sony) Vaio?' JK replies, 'Not long' and Bertrand says, 'Two weeks? Three?' "JK said more like two *hours*. Three hours, tops. "Bertrand tells JK to go to Fry's (the famous West Coast computer chain) and buy the top of the line, most expensive Vaio they have. So off JK, Max and I go to Frys. We return to Apple less than an hour later. By 7:30 that evening, the Vaio is running the Mac OS. [My husband disputes my memory of this and says that Matt Watson bought the Vaio. Maybe Matt will chime in.] "The next morning, Steve Jobs is on a plane to Japan to meet with the President of Sony." Scheinberg later tweeted: Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism — JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Apple Genius Bar Apple Store facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected The Apple engineer who moved Mac to Intel applied to work at the Genius Bar in an Apple store and was rejected JK Scheinberg, the engineer who spent 21 years... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
x This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue if you are OK with this or read more in our privacy policy.  Home About Contact Subscribe Login Home News Copyright Trademarks TBO Patents Jurisdiction Reports Directory Events Annual archive Subscribe Leaders McAfee antivirus creator fights for name against Intel 05-09-2016 Ken Wolter / Shutterstock.com More on this story Intel countersues McAfee over ‘McAfee’ trademark 24-10-2016 Other related Dropbox wins TM dispute with rival 18-11-2016 Russian government official discusses unfair competition and IP strategy 18-11-2016 Hockey team try to put Snoop Dogg TM on ice 17-11-2016 The creator of the McAfee antivirus computer software, John McAfee, has brought a trademark non-infringement lawsuit against technology company Intel. To continue reading, you need a subscription to WIPR. Start a subscription to WIPR for £455. In-house feature articles, the archive and expert comment require a paid subscription. Subscribe now. Want to give it a try? We are offering a two week free trial to the WIPR website – register and select “Free Trial” to begin access to the full WIPR archive and read the latest news, features and expert comment. Begin your free trial here. Is your 2 week free trial about to end? Upgrade to a 12 month subscription for £455 now. If you have already subscribed please login. If you have any technical issues please email James Lynn on jlynn@newtonmedia.co.uk. Intel, McAfee, trademark, trademark infringement, John McAfee, technology More on this story Intel countersues McAfee over ‘McAfee’ trademark 24-10-2016 Editor's Picks Most read US presidential election: an IP roundup US presidential election: the IP politicians who have been re-elected Sweet and sour: Dunkin’ Donuts sued for trademark infringement Toblerone may need new IP strategy after weight loss E-books can be lent in same way as traditional books, says CJEU Donald Trump receives IP policy ‘roadmap’ from US tech companies Justin Bieber copyright dispute should be dismissed, says judge Groupon targeted in BBC Watchdog counterfeit investigation Santander sues US lawyer over motorway advertising Hockey team try to put Snoop Dogg TM on ice Sign up for the newsletter Newsletter Your email * Links Home News Directory About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Subscription WIPR Newton Media Ltd Kingfisher House 21-23 Elmfield Road Bromley BR1 1LT United Kingdom Email: info@newtonmedia.co.uk Follow @WorldIPReview Tweets by @WorldIPReview
null
null
Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Infosecurity Magazine, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Latest What Does the Role of CISO Look Like in 2016? UK Retailers Facing One Million Fraud Attempts Per Day ‘We'll Always Have Paris’ – Highlights from ISSE Conference 2016 US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance Three Arrested After Suspected Insider Breach at Three   News Topics Features Webinars White Papers Events & Conferences Directory Search Infosecurity Magazine Home » News » John McAfee Sues Intel over Naming Rights 5 Sep 2016 News John McAfee Sues Intel over Naming Rights Phil Muncaster UK / EMEA News Reporter , Infosecurity Magazine Email Phil Follow @philmuncaster Controversial anti-virus pioneer John McAfee has been told by Intel he can’t use his own name to rebrand a new company because the chip giant owns the rights. McAfee joined MGT Capital Investments as chairman and CEO earlier this year and was keen on a rebrand. However, in a newly revealed letter sent to the firm in June (via The Register), Intel managing counsel Kelly Smith stated that the chip firm would not countenance a name change. “If you move forward with the name change, Intel will take all necessary legal action to protect its trademark rights,” the letter concluded. McAfee sold the naming rights to the eponymous company back in 1991, before eventually leaving altogether three years later. Intel then announced it was acquiring the firm in 2010 for a massive $7.7 billion. However, although it subsequently changed its name to Intel Security, elements of the McAfee brand still live on in various parts of that business, for example in the branding for research division McAfee Labs, and various security products. Intel could be keen on preserving the name as it is looking to offload the company in order to concentrate on its core business, despite promising at the time that building security into the silicon represented a turning point for the industry. McAfee is, of course, no stranger to controversy. Back in 2012 he released a video ostensibly describing how to uninstall McAfee AV, in response to the frequent questions he gets from irate customers keen to ditch the software. In that expletive-laden video the eccentric millionaire is seen snorting white powder half naked whilst surrounded by a harem of scantily clad ladies. McAfee is now suing Intel for the right to rebrand his new company with his name, but given how well-known the trademark still is in the industry he could be facing a tricky time in court.  Why Not Watch? 8 Sep 2016In an Uncertain Era of Brexit and GDPR, What is the Best Approach for Protected Data Transfers? 8 Dec 2016, 16:00 GMT, 11:00 ESTNext Steps to Enhancing Your Security Hygiene Program 28 Jul 2016Virtually Solving the Path to GDPR Compliance 30 Jun 2016The Journey to GDPR: Your Guide to Data Protection Technology, Tools and Tips Related to This Story #infosec15: John McAfee - There’s More Wrong than Right in the Security Industry The Anonymous logo is not for sale Taiwanese company threatens Apple with legal action over iPad name Testing begins for Intel's remote kill technology FaceTime transfers trademark to Apple for iPhone 4 video calling application What’s Hot on Infosecurity Magazine? Read Shared Watched Editor's Choice 1 17 Nov 2016 News SHA-1 Time Bomb: One Third of Websites Have Yet to Upgrade 2 17 Nov 2016 News FIFA Hackers Steal $16 Million from EA 3 18 Nov 2016 News US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance 4 17 Nov 2016 News IT Decentralization Has Deep Security Impact 5 18 Nov 2016 News Three Arrested After Suspected Insider Breach at Three 6 17 Nov 2016 News Snoopers’ Charter Passes Lords Test 1 10 Nov 2016 News 'Sign in with Facebook' Threatens Millions of Devices 2 11 Nov 2016 News Tesco Bank Attack Linked to Trojan Targeting Other UK Lenders 3 14 Nov 2016 News UK Spy Agencies on the Hunt for Recruits 4 16 Nov 2016 News Consumers Blame Companies, Not Password Mistakes, for Compromises 5 16 Nov 2016 News Cloud Security a Top Concern for 70% of IT Pros 6 17 Nov 2016 News Snoopers’ Charter Passes Lords Test 1 15 Dec 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Going Deep and Dark: Mining Threat Intelligence from the Hidden Web 2 17 Nov 2016 Webinar Network Encryption made EASY: Utilizing Network Virtualization to Simplify Network Encryption & Enhance your Network Security 3 24 Nov 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Enterprise Mobility and Security: Beyond BYOD 4 1 Dec 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar How to Achieve Best Practice in Application Security in 2017 5 3 Nov 2016 Webinar Preparing for Incident Response: Best Practise and Common Failings 6 6 Dec 2016, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST Webinar A Million Analysts Won’t Save Your SOC: The Future of Security Operations 1 14 Nov 2016 Interview Video Interview: Insights with Cyber Leaders - Eugene Kaspersky 2 3 Nov 2016 Blog The Pitfalls of Awareness 3 21 Oct 2016 Interview #WIREDSecurity: Interview: Alex Rice, Co-founder & CTO, HackerOne 4 19 Oct 2016 Interview #ISC2CongressEMEA: Interview: Adrian Davis, managing director, (ISC)2 EMEA The Magazine About Infosecurity Subscription Meet the Team Contact Us Advertisers Media Pack Contributors Forward Features Op-ed Copright © 2016 Reed Exhibitions Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Sitemap Please wait…
null
null
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Saturday, November 19, 2016 02:08 (GMT+8) Taipei 29°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: ASE equipment 10nm SMIC IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news ASE-SPIL merger still under review in China and US China investment funds wooing Taiwan IC vendors Egistec October revenues surge Epileds Technologies, High Power Lighting cooperate on UV-C LEDs Digitimes Research: Use of LED chips in TV backlighting to grow slightly in 2017 Court in Germany issues injunction against Everlight Electronics due to infringement of Nichia YAG patent Qualcomm, Samsung collaborate on 10nm for Snapdragon 835 mobile chips NCC plans to reduce fee rates for 1GHz and above frequency band units D-Link participates in Microsoft Super Wi-Fi development HTC cooperates with Shenzhen City Government to foster VR industry Greatek 3Q16 EPS hits 8-quarter high AUO 6G China fab obtains LEED Platinum Certification Vivotek aims to hike revenue proportion from own-brand sales Arima Optoelectronics steps into AlGaInP LED chips Genesis Photonics suffers 3Q16 net operating loss for 8th quarter straight Digitimes Research: Samsung offers smart digital signage Senao revenues stay flat in October Intel announces US$250 million investment for autonomous driving AUO starts production at 6G LTPS LCD plant in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 China market: 500 million smartphones to be shipped in 2016, says Sigmaintell Global DRAM revenues rise 15.8% in 3Q16, says DRAMeXchange Market summary 18-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8995.26 +33.04 +0.37%  TSE electronic 361.79 +2.00 +0.56%  GTSM (OTC) 119.8 -0.05 -0.04%  OTC electronic 158.08 +0.67 +0.42%  View more Around the web South Korea losing strength in trade with China (Nov 17) - BusinessKorea Nikon to cut 1,000 jobs in Japan (Nov 8) - Nikkei Electronics Asia The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster (Nov 14) - Daily Mail Galaxy S8 might have a pressure-sensitive display (Nov 14) - Gsmarena October has already set a record for US M&A deals (Oct 27) - Wall Street Journal Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics amid push to digitize heavy industry (Nov 14) - Wall Street Journal 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC (Nov 14) - EE Times Dolby drags Oppo and Vivo to court; demands royalties for unlicensed use of proprietary technology (Nov 11) - Firstpost Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments – 1Q 2016 Taiwan server shipment forecast and industry analysis, 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 4Q 2015 More reports Digitimes Research: Taiwan top-3 foundries see combined revenues rise in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Global IC foundry output value to rise at 5% CAGR over 2016-2021 Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to growth over 18% in 2H16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Advantest launches Versatile T2000 AiR System for low-volume testing of highly integrated modules and system-in-package (SiP) devices HHGrace technology symposium 2016 successfully held in the US Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand Advantest Opens VOICE 2017 Call for Papers VATek's modulator has been used on the world's first DTV transmitter crowdfunding project on Kickstarter More releases Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing Efficient Network Management for Digital Signage Design Benefits of the MI/O Extension Solution More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Silego SLG46533V GreenPAK 5Photo: Company, Jul 26. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung PM971-NVMePhoto: Company, Jun 2. Winbond SpiStack memoriesPhoto: Company, Mar 30. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Samsung PM1633a SSDPhoto: Company, Mar 14. Silego SLG46531V GPAK 5Photo: Company, Jan 13. Samsung Bio-ProcessorPhoto: Company, Jan 5. Samsung PRO Plus 128GB microSD cardsPhoto: Company, Dec 23. Samsung 128GB TSV DDR4 RDIMMPhoto: Company, Dec 9. Page 2 Hot Systems Mentor Graphics Veloce VirtuaLAB adds protocols for networking designs Mouser Electronics undergoing expansion Digitimes Research: Shrinking tablet market prompts China touch panel supply chain to look for growth elsewhere Digitimes Research: Tsinghua Unigroup acquisition of Micron faces difficulties, but is a must for China for further development Digitimes Research: Qualcomm to push inexpensive mobile device market with Microsoft and Allwinner solutions More Page 2 MWC 2015: Intel launches new mobile SoCs, LTE solution Samsung intros 128GB UFS storage for smartphones Qualcomm announces highest-end Snapdragon 810 and 808 processors Micron launches 45nm serial NOR flash for embedded apps Intel launches Pro 1500 series SSD for enterprise More Hot Systems Topics The 10nm competition TSMC and Samsung have been competing for clients for the 10nm node. Japan earthquake Earthquakes in Japan often cause huge damage. They have had strong impacts on the country's electronics industry. China: Big plans for homegrown chips A CNY120 billion (US$19 billion) national industry investment fund has been set up to help local foundries finance the build-up of advanced manufacturing... ASE seeking to take up major stake in SPIL Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) is seeking to acquire an up to 25% stake in fellow packaging house Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL). Frankly speaking Industry intros Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law With 2015 being the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law, one of the hottest topics that has continued to... 7nm process is essential for semi industry: Q&A with Globalfoundries CTO Gary Patton Gary Patton, a 30-year veteran in the semiconductor industry, joined Globalfoundries as CTO in July... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Taiwan DRAM module industry overview - Jun 2011 The year 2010 represented a peak in recent years for the DRAM module industry. Optimism surfaced in the second half of 2009 thanks to a return of demand on the... Taiwan DRAM-module industry overview - May 2010 Back to 2006 when total revenues for the third-party module market reached US$12.2 billion, Taiwan had over 15 vendors shipping DRAM modules under their own brand... Taiwan semiconductor equipment industry overview - Aug 2008 Worries about a global economic downturn have taken a toll on a number of industries, with the semiconductor industry being no exception. Players in the semiconductor... Foundry overview - Sep 2006 Taiwan's semiconductor industry has begun to out-run its global peers, once more, in 2006. This followed a trough in 2004, caused by over-inventory, plus volatility... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD packaging and testing semiconductor China TSMC IC revenues 4Q16 Taiwan 3Q16 MediaTek 2016 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel John Mcafee Business The Channel McAfee-the-man wants McAfee-the-brand, Chipzilla says no Sueballs loaded; take ten paces, turn and fire 5 Sep 2016 at 02:00, Richard Chirgwin Richard Chirgwin Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics NBN, Security , Science, Broadband, Google Recent Articles Five-a-day energy drink habit turned chap's eyes yellow, urine dark, caused anorexia Amazon's very own Linux now available for download Big Content and Big Bit Barn are escaping the clutch of Big Photon John McAfee wants to put his name on a business again, and that's got Intel hot under the collar, so it's off to court they go. Documents filed (PDF) in the Manhattan federal court over the weekend tell us that in June, Intel wrote to McAfee-the-man's investmentvehicle, MGT Capital Investments, telling it not to try changing its name to John McAfee Global Technologies. McAfee-the-man might have thought that Intel wouldn't care, since it put McAfee-the-brand on the end-of-life list in 2014 in favour of "Intel Security". However, Chipzilla didn't follow through on the promise to free him from association with its products; remnants of the brand live on in various domains which carry the McAfee livery, or still explicitly carry the name. Now Intel's trying to sell its security business, so it's decided to declare its love for McAfee-the-brand. So how did we get here? Back in the mists of time, McAfee-the-man wrote antivirus software that was ultimately so successful he founded McAfee-the-company. In 1991, McAfee-the-company paid (PDF) McAfee-the-man US$9 million for McAfee-the-brand, and in 1994, McAfee-the-man decided to put his feet up and leave McAfee-the-company to its own devices. Intel acquired McAfee-the-company in 2011 for US$7.7 billion, and in doing so, inherited the 1991 agreement in which McAfee-the-man relinquished McAfee-the-brand. In trying to sell its security business, Intel wants to keep McAfee-the-brand, at least long enough to help its pitch to buyers (Bloomberg names US private venture fund TPG as an interested party). As Intel counsel Kerry Smith wrote to McAfee-the-man: “any use of the McAfee name would be likely to dilute the McAfee mark … by reducing its unique association with McAfee and Intel Corporation”, says a letter from Intel managing counsel Kelly Smith. Smith's letter to McAfee-the-man adds that “through extensive use, the McAfee trademark is a strong mark and extremely well-known in the industry”. True: it's so well-known that when McAfee-the-man crafted a NSFW video telling people to uninstall McAfee-the-product with a pistol, it scored a rather respectable six million views. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 24 Comments More from The Register Undetectable NSA-linked hybrid malware hits Intel Security radar While Flash malware nastiness detections quadruple – we're all clearly doomed 56 Comments Kill Flash now. Or patch these 36 vulnerabilities. Your choice One bug being exploited right now in the wild 50 Comments Security firm clarifies power-station 'SCADA' malware claim It's not the next Stuxnet, says SentinelOne, it's just very naughty code 4 Comments Nymaim malware got a major 'upgrade', says Verint It's nearly 2017, and Word macros are STILL spreading malware 5 Comments Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Apple fans using Chrome on alert for Mac malware Google AdWords has been spewing software nasties 20 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
null
null
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Friday, November 18, 2016 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now Ubuntu 17.04 to Offer an Evolved Unity 8 Session As More Apps Will Run as Snaps System76 adds 4K display to Ubuntu Linux-powered MacBook Pro competitor Oryx Pro Super Mari-owned: Startling Nintendo-based vulnerability discovered in Ubuntu Cryptsetup Vulnerability Grants Root Shell Access on Some Linux Systems How to Secure Your Ubuntu Network Home news Android-x86 releases early build of Nougat for desktop PCs news Android-x86 releases early build of Nougat for desktop PCs By rascal23 - Sep 5, 2016 1651 0 Google and Intel may not be doing much work to make sure that Android can run on devices with Intel processors anymore… but the Android-x86 project continues to release new builds of Android for computers with Intel and AMD chips. The latest release? A build of Android 7.0 for developers. In other words, you can now run Android 7.0 Nougat on a PC. The software is based on Google’s Android Open Source Project (AOSP) code, and it’s still a work in progress. But some of Nougat’s key features, such as split-screen, multi-window mode works, allowing you to interact with two apps on the screen at once. Keep in mind that at this point Android-x86 7.0 is aimed at developers, so the official page for the software explains how to build the operating system from source, but if you want to download a pre-built disc image, Geek Till it Hertz has you covered. Source: http://liliputing.com/2016/09/android-x86-releases-early-build-nougat-desktop-pcs.html Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleBASHLITE malware turning millions of Linux Based IoT Devices into DDoS botnet Next articleSeveral Linux Distros Cater To Deep Web Users rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Ubuntu 17.04 to Offer an Evolved Unity 8 Session As More Apps Will Run as Snaps System76 adds 4K display to Ubuntu Linux-powered MacBook Pro competitor Oryx Pro Super Mari-owned: Startling Nintendo-based vulnerability discovered in Ubuntu NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel John Mcafee Business The Channel McAfee-the-man wants McAfee-the-brand, Chipzilla says no Sueballs loaded; take ten paces, turn and fire 5 Sep 2016 at 02:00, Richard Chirgwin Richard Chirgwin Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics NBN, Security , Science, Broadband, Google Recent Articles Five-a-day energy drink habit turned chap's eyes yellow, urine dark, caused anorexia Amazon's very own Linux now available for download Big Content and Big Bit Barn are escaping the clutch of Big Photon John McAfee wants to put his name on a business again, and that's got Intel hot under the collar, so it's off to court they go. Documents filed (PDF) in the Manhattan federal court over the weekend tell us that in June, Intel wrote to McAfee-the-man's investmentvehicle, MGT Capital Investments, telling it not to try changing its name to John McAfee Global Technologies. McAfee-the-man might have thought that Intel wouldn't care, since it put McAfee-the-brand on the end-of-life list in 2014 in favour of "Intel Security". However, Chipzilla didn't follow through on the promise to free him from association with its products; remnants of the brand live on in various domains which carry the McAfee livery, or still explicitly carry the name. Now Intel's trying to sell its security business, so it's decided to declare its love for McAfee-the-brand. So how did we get here? Back in the mists of time, McAfee-the-man wrote antivirus software that was ultimately so successful he founded McAfee-the-company. In 1991, McAfee-the-company paid (PDF) McAfee-the-man US$9 million for McAfee-the-brand, and in 1994, McAfee-the-man decided to put his feet up and leave McAfee-the-company to its own devices. Intel acquired McAfee-the-company in 2011 for US$7.7 billion, and in doing so, inherited the 1991 agreement in which McAfee-the-man relinquished McAfee-the-brand. In trying to sell its security business, Intel wants to keep McAfee-the-brand, at least long enough to help its pitch to buyers (Bloomberg names US private venture fund TPG as an interested party). As Intel counsel Kerry Smith wrote to McAfee-the-man: “any use of the McAfee name would be likely to dilute the McAfee mark … by reducing its unique association with McAfee and Intel Corporation”, says a letter from Intel managing counsel Kelly Smith. Smith's letter to McAfee-the-man adds that “through extensive use, the McAfee trademark is a strong mark and extremely well-known in the industry”. True: it's so well-known that when McAfee-the-man crafted a NSFW video telling people to uninstall McAfee-the-product with a pistol, it scored a rather respectable six million views. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 24 Comments More from The Register Undetectable NSA-linked hybrid malware hits Intel Security radar While Flash malware nastiness detections quadruple – we're all clearly doomed 56 Comments Kill Flash now. Or patch these 36 vulnerabilities. Your choice One bug being exploited right now in the wild 51 Comments Security firm clarifies power-station 'SCADA' malware claim It's not the next Stuxnet, says SentinelOne, it's just very naughty code 4 Comments Nymaim malware got a major 'upgrade', says Verint It's nearly 2017, and Word macros are STILL spreading malware 5 Comments Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Apple fans using Chrome on alert for Mac malware Google AdWords has been spewing software nasties 20 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
PC Gamer News Reviews Hardware Pro Best Of More Magazine Meet the team Newsletter Signup Community Guidelines Affiliate Links Search ReCore system requirements revealed [Updated] By Andy Chalk Microsoft says you're going to need a Core i5 for this one. Shares Update: The system requirements listed on the ReCore site have changed since this post went up. The changes are reflected in the specs below. Original story: When Microsoft confirmed in January that Comcept's ReCore will be coming to Windows 10 as well as the Xbox One,  I held out a tiny sliver of hope that it might find its way to other, earlier versions of Windows as well. But now the system requirements are out, and it's confirmed that we'll have no such luck. No surprise really, but I dared to dream. And have been punished accordingly. The system requirements, as listed on the Microsoft Store:  Minimum: OS: Windows 10 Architecture: x64, X64 DirectX: DX11 Memory: 8GB Video Memory: 2GB CPU: Intel Core i5-3550 @ 3.3 GHz or AMD FX-6300 Graphics: AMD Radeon R7 370 or Nvidia GeForce GTX 660/570 Recommended: OS: Windows 10 Architecture: x64, X64 DirectX: DX11 Memory: 16GB Video Memory: 4GB CPU: Intel Core i5 4570 @ 3.2 GHz or AMD FX-8350 Graphics: AMD Radeon R9 290X or Nvidia GeForce GTX 780 Microsoft also recommends using an Xbox One controller, although ReCore will support keyboard and mouse as well. Cross-platform saving between the PC and Xbox One is in there too. I should probably get used to the idea of “Windows 10” being a system requirement rather than the more wide-open “PC,” and be thankful that Microsoft isn't keeping stuff like this exclusive to its consoles anymore. Windows 10 itself seems fine, after all—I've been using it for several months now without any hitches—and I have no particular affection for Steam. What I do is a certain skepticism of new, exclusive platforms, particularly those with echoes of Games for Windows Live. Sorry, guys, but that wound runs deep. ReCore comes out in one week: That's September 13. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Andy Chalk As lead news writer during ‘merican hours, Andy covers the day-to-day events that keep PC gaming so interesting, exciting, and occasionally maddening. He’s fond of RPGs, FPSs, dungeons, Myst, and the glorious irony of his parents buying him a TRS-80 instead of an Atari so he wouldn't end up wasting his life on videogames. Topics comcept Action Recore We recommendBy Zergnet Load Comments Recommended The PC Gamer holiday gift guide The best Black Friday PC gaming deals for 2016 Hardware Buying Guides Latest Game Reviews 1 The best RGB LED Lighting Kit 2 The best wireless gaming mouse 3 The best ATX mid-tower PC cases 4 Recommended PC gaming chairs 5 The best webcam 1 Owlboy review 2 Tyranny review 3 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare review 4 Hitman Episode 6 review 5 Football Manager 2017 review PC Gamer Newsletter Subscribe to get the best content of the week, and great gaming deals, as picked by the editors. No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future US, Inc. One Lombard Street, Suite 200, San Francisco California 94111.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: U.S. Analog IP Startup Partners with Megachips NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Preps its AI Strategy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: DSRC's 'Dead End,' Says Qualcomm Exec NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Intel Buys Movidius: Automotive Vision in Play? Junko Yoshida 9/6/2016 00:00 AM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet MADISON, Wis. – Intel Corp. unveiled early Tuesday morning the company’s plan to acquire Movidius Technology, a San Mateo, Calif.-based startup who has developed an ultra-low-power computer vision-processor. The deal is expected to close in the later third or early fourth quarter this year. The two companies have not disclosed the transaction cost. Just four months ago, EE Times posted a blog entitled “Will Intel’s Drone Chips Fly?” In that blog, referring to Intel’s depth sensing technology called RealSense, Remi El-Ouazzane, Movidius CEO called the technology “a world-class, quality depth solution.” At that time, El-Ouazzane also told us: “Practically all the chip companies currently in the drone market —Intel, Qualcomm, Nvidia and Movidius included—are going after the same target: Autonomous drones.” For Intel, however, this is not just about entering the drone and robot markets. Computer vision,  deep learning, AI More significantly, the processor giant is intent on taking the “lead in providing computer vision and deep learning solutions -- from the device to the cloud,” as Josh Walden, Intel’s senior vice president responsible for New Technologies Group, put it in his blog. Intel senior vice president of New Technology Group Josh Walden with Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane Indeed, Intel has recently devoured a number of startups whose technologies are focused on deep learning, computer vision and artificial intelligence. They include: RealSense (depth-sensing technology), Nervana Systems (a specialized chip designed specifically for deep learning AI applications), Saffron (a leading cognitive computing platform provider). Earlier this year, Intel also acquired Ascending Technologies, a German drone company with sense-and-avoid algorithms. Movidius, founded in 2006, is the latest on a list of recently acquired tech companies that will report to senior vice president Walden's New Technologies Group. Movidius’ VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform has earned a solid reputation, allowing the startup to form partnerships with established companies ranging from Google to DJI, FLIR and Lenovo. Movidius’ mission thus far has been in “giving sight to smart devices including drones, security cameras, AR/VR headsets and more,” explained El-Ouazzane. New processing paradigms Kevin Krewell, principal analyst at TIRIAS Research, observed, looking at the Movidius and Nervana acquisitions, “It implies Intel is looking for new processing paradigms beyond the CPU and traditional GPUs that can accelerate next generation computing workloads.” Next page: From drones to automotive? Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 2 Next > More Related Links 3D Printed Buses Here DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented Comma.ai Fiasco Leaves None Unscathed Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 11/18/2016 12:39:51 PM realjjj Lots of options for electric bikes and pedelecs but prices are not great. I am somewhat tempted by pedelecs, pedaling a bit is not a bad thing and you also get good range, maybe... 11/18/2016 12:39:51 PM realjjj Lots of options for electric bikes and pedelecs but prices are not great. I am somewhat tempted by pedelecs, pedaling a bit is not a bad thing and you also get good range, maybe... 11/18/2016 12:05:44 PM Max The Magnificent @Elizabeth...There's something about having a commute with a substatial hill on each end that discourages bicycling... I'm from Sheffield, England. Like Rome, Sheffield is spread... 11/18/2016 11:59:07 AM Howman Though hapless Harry is now blissfully cleaning up his ACT (Antique Cluster of Technology), he will soon find out what the cleanroom manager does with his contraband feather d... 11/18/2016 11:58:17 AM sw guy OK, now I understand what you meant, thanks 11/18/2016 11:55:30 AM Lefty4 But how do you know it's the first 10nm SoC in production? The other SoC's that I mentioned are probably also in production, so the only way to tell who is first is when the actual... 11/18/2016 11:55:02 AM elizabethsimon That MATE bike is really very appealing. Maybe I should ask for one of those instead of the minizum. I could actually see riding something like that to work.And it's portable... 11/18/2016 11:28:25 AM elizabethsimon Actually the city center doesn't need to be flat for this to be useful but it's helpful if there is a bike path. I've got a non-electric kick scooter which is fun on the flat... 11/18/2016 11:14:06 AM realjjj Would be a bit foolish to make a guess with little info. Based on history, they would likely keep evolving the GPU to better fit this task, the question is how much and how fast.... 11/18/2016 10:57:38 AM Max The Magnificent @Antedeluvian" ...How do you fit 4 elephants in a mini? two in the front and two at the back! And people wonder why I drink LOL Navigate to Related Links 3D Printed Buses Here DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented Comma.ai Fiasco Leaves None Unscathed Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 70 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  51   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  32   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  30   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  32   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  30   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   3D Printed Buses Here  5   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec  5   Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  3   Electronica Settles into Automotive, ...  3   Intel Preps its AI Strategy Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Technology Retired Apple software engineer JK Scheinberg couldn't get a job at Genius Bar The Apple Store declined to hire 54-year-old software engineer JK Scheinberg despite his long and storied career with the company, in what is being seen as an example of age discrimination Published 06/09/2016 0 Comments Share Retired Apple software engineer JK Scheinberg couldn't get a job at Genius Bar BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A former Apple software engineer who pioneered a major change to the Mac operating system was turned down for a job at the Genius Bar in one of the tech giant’s retail stores, in what has been touted as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/retired-apple-software-engineer-jk-scheinberg-couldnt-get-a-job-at-genius-bar-35027874.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35014199.ece/42c26/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-09-02_bus_24284108_I1.JPG Email People queue in Belfast for the latest product at the Apple Store A former Apple software engineer who pioneered a major change to the Mac operating system was turned down for a job at the Genius Bar in one of the tech giant’s retail stores, in what has been touted as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. JK Scheinberg left Apple in 2008 after 21 years with the firm, during which he reportedly figured out how to run Apple’s Mac OS on his home PC, which was powered by Intel processors. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments He then led the company’s secret "Marklar" project to modify all Macs to run on Intel chips. At 54, and bored with retirement, he decided to apply for a job at an Apple Genius Bar, the in-person customer support locations at Apple’s high street stores, which tend to be staffed by younger people. Sure enough, the other applicants at his group interview were all half his age. Author Ashton Applewhite wrote about the episode in an article on age discrimination for the New York Times. "I'm lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors," Ms Applewhite wrote. On the way out of his interview, Mr Scheinberg told her, the interviewers singled him out to say they would be in touch. But, he said, "I never heard back." After the piece was published, he tweeted: "Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview." Apple has not yet commented on the case, but describes itself on its website as "an equal-opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity." Independent News Service Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Golden Joystick Awards: Dark Souls III named ultimate game of the year  Action role-playing video game Dark Souls III has been named ultimate game of the year at the annual Golden Joystick Awards. Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping...  The House of Lords has passed the Investigatory Powers Bill, putting the huge spying powers on their way to becoming law within weeks. Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Apple’s iPhones and iPads are losing the battle against Android devices. 6 of the best bargain gadgets  By Keeley Bolger AmazonBasics Nano Bluetooth Speaker, £10.99, www.amazon.co.uk: Give the gift of sound this Christmas with this Amazon portable speaker. Designed for those on-the-go, it easily fits into an adult hand and is light enough to stash into a bag. Being a budget speaker built for movability, the sound quality isn't crystal clear, but for plugging... Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  Technology 6 of the best bargain gadgets  Technology Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government...  Technology Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Technology Snapchat: Is it really worth €20bn? Are you too old for it? How does it make its money?  Technology Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Wayne Rooney controversy: Unnamed football agent claims Irish background to blame for behaviour Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping spying powers Northern Ireland needs a Brexit wishlist, insists former Blair aide Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Edward Snowden post-US election Q&A Battlefield 1 review: 'One of the greatest' Technology Robot takeover: Government completely unprepared for automation and artificial... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after training with exoskeleton and virtual reality Technology Apple’s Philip Schiller interview: Touch Bars, headphone jacks and voice... Technology Tech billionaires convinced we live in the Matrix are secretly funding scientists to help... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after VR training Technology PlayStation VR: Sony releases virtual reality kit Technology Instagram to launch online shopping trial Offbeat UK's first professional drone race to be held in London Technology Art created using virtual reality headset to be exhibited at the Royal Academy Technology Oculus Rift UK and Europe release date Technology Facebook to start taking user data from WhatsApp Technology How is technology affecting our health? Technology Netherlands on brink of banning sale of petrol-fuelled cars Technology What the human body would have to look like to survive a serious car crash Technology China's straddling bus takes first test drive By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Intel Gets FAA Waiver for Nighttime Small UAS Operations Intel Gets FAA Waiver for Nighttime Small UAS Operations Dominique Stump September 6, 2016 Press Releases 1,488 Views TYSONS CORNER, VA, Sept. 6, 2016 — Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) has received a certificate of waiver from the Federal Aviation Administration that allows the company to operate up to 1,000 small unmanned aircraft systems at night within special security notice flight restricted areas, ExecutiveBiz reported Friday. The company said Thursday the Part 107 waiver is an extension of the Section 333 exemption it previously received to fly 100 small UAS for its Drone 100 light show in California. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. It provides its members an opportunity to learn from peer business executives and government thought leaders while providing an interactive forum to develop key business and partnering relationships. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Executive Mosaic is headquartered in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags certificate of waiver drone Drone 100 Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz FAA Federal Aviation Administration govcon intc Intel nighttime drone operations Part 107 Section 333 exemption UAS unmanned aircraft systems waiver Related Articles Harris’ Falcon III Radio Receives NSA Certification to Utilize MUOS Waveform November 18, 2016 Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector November 18, 2016 CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 Check Also NCR Self-Service Kiosks Provided Support at Veterans’ Day Parades; Stan Ratcliffe, Tom Verbeck Comment TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 17, 2016 — NCR (NYSE: NCR) has provided four self-service kiosks … SAP’s Mark Testoni: Skill Development Programs Could Help Veterans Land Civilian Jobs TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 17, 2016 — Mark Testoni, president and CEO of SAP National Security … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags Harris’ Falcon III Radio Receives NSA Certification to Utilize MUOS Waveform November 18, 2016 Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector November 18, 2016 CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,041 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,535 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,397 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,438 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,139 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments @Follow Me .@cloudera’s William Sullivan: Open-source platforms key to big data analysis at agencies #GovCon https://t.co/9f5QtmTTwj6 mins ago Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector https://t.co/CHocLwwA2D #Carahsoft #cloud20 mins ago CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit https://t.co/SWCrIKMUC1 #cae #canada3 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Intel, Microsoft and EOS Discuss Technology Trends at Converge 2016 Software, Hardware and 3D Printing Leaders Highlight Technologies Transforming the Future of Design News provided by Altair Sep 06, 2016, 13:29 ET Share this article TROY, Mich., Sept. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Converge 2016 global technology sponsors EOS, Intel and Microsoft to speak  on current and future technology trends. Joining an invigorating community of creative innovators and thought leaders, their presentations will feature technological contributions to the design community that are changing how we will design the products of tomorrow.  solidThinking Converge 2016: a global conference series for product visionaries and experience creators that explores the intersection of design and technology, kicks off in Los Angeles this week on September 8, 2016, completing in Seoul this November. "EOS is proud to support this new Converge conference program as a sponsor worldwide. The EOS Additive Manufacturing offerings are a perfect fit for this event that focuses equally on design and technology. Our technology enables a design-driven manufacturing process and as such opens up completely new design possibilities from rapid prototyping through to real part production. As the global technology and quality leader for high-end Additive Manufacturing solutions, EOS is happy to share our knowledge at Converge," said Dr. Adrian Keppler, Chief Marketing Officer at EOS. Brett Tanzer, Microsoft Partner Group Program Manager, will discuss how digital product development is undergoing transformational change resulting from the availability of massive compute capabilities in the Cloud.  A 23 year veteran at Microsoft and leading the Business Strategy, Planning, and Program Management for High Performance and Accelerated Cloud computing, Brett's talk will highlight how new GPU and high intensive graphics capabilities will enhance the design experience. David Lombard, Intel's Chief Architect for advanced HPC technology, will address the topic of high performance computing enabled design at the upcoming Converge Los Angeles event.  With more than 30 years of experience in HPC, David will shine a light on the past, present and future of what HPC delivers to the design community as the enabler and path forward to tomorrow's innovations. Register and check out speaker and event details at: Converge2016.com. About solidThinking solidThinking creates, develops, and markets technology that helps organizations make informed decisions and bring the most desirable products to market faster. solidThinking software is sold and supported by a global network of distribution partners and is also available as part of the Altair HyperWorks® suite. solidThinking is a wholly owned subsidiary of Troy, Mich., (USA)-based Altair. To learn more, please visit solidThinking.com. About Altair Founded in 1985, Altair is focused on the development and application of simulation technology to synthesize and optimize designs, processes and decisions for improved business performance. Privately held with more than 2,600 employees, Altair is headquartered in Troy, Michigan, USA with more than 45 offices throughout 20 countries, and serves more than 5,000 corporate clients across broad industry segments.  To learn more, please visit www.altair.com. Media Contacts: Altair Corporate/Americas Biba A. Bedi +1-757-224-0548 x 406 biba@altair.com Altair Europe, the Middle East and Africa Evelyn Gebhardt +49-6421-9684351 gebhardt@bluegecko-marketing.de To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intel-microsoft-and-eos-discuss-technology-trends-at-converge-2016-300323019.html SOURCE Altair Related Links http://www.altair.com Sep 08, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: Altair, RUAG and Morf3D Introduce Unique Metal Additive Manufacturing Design Course for AM Aug 31, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: HyperWorks® Latest Functionalities Provide Complete Solution for Aerospace My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 16, 2016, 10:00 ETAltair Expands the Availability of PBS Professional Nov 15, 2016, 10:00 ETIntel® HPC Orchestrator to Include PBS Pro for Workload Management Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Consumer Electronics Oil & Energy Utilities You just read: Intel, Microsoft and EOS Discuss Technology Trends at Converge 2016 News provided by Altair Sep 06, 2016, 13:29 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     PC Hardware   /   AMD Ships 7th Generation Desktop PC Processors       AMD Ships 7th Generation Desktop PC Processors     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-09-06 Print               The "Bristol Ridge" chips offer improved performance and efficiency, but the real shift will come with the "Zen"-based processors early next year. Advanced Micro Devices is shipping its latest desktop processors that will come with up to four of the vendor's current "Excavator" cores and will appear in systems from HP Inc. and Lenovo later this year. While the new 7th Generation A-Series "Bristol Ridge" desktop chips won't feature AMD's high-profile upcoming 'Zen' core—those processors will begin to appear later this year and really ramp in early 2017—they will bring significant performance and power efficiency improvements over their "Kaveri"-based predecessors, will be more competitive with Intel processors and will include the chip maker's new AM4 platform, which comes with its own set of new features. In all, the new Bristol Ridge accelerated processing units (APUs), which put the compute and graphics capabilities on the same piece of silicon, and the adoption by Lenovo and HP are important steps for AMD, according to Kevin Lensing, corporate vice presidence and general manager of client computing at the company. "First, it marks a major increase in productivity performance, streaming video and eSports gaming experiences sought after by today's consumers," Lensing said in a statement. "Second, because these new OEM designs also feature our new AM4 desktop platform, the motherboard ecosystem shows its readiness for our upcoming high-performance 'Summit Ridge' desktop CPUs featuring 'Zen' cores, which share the same platform." AMD introduced the Bristol Ridge processors in June at the Computex 2016 show, saying the chips will help AMD become a stronger competitor to Intel in the PC market. Worldwide PC shipments have continued to slow since 2011, forcing a wide array of vendors—such as Dell, HP and Intel—to look for new growth markets and to make moves to reduce their dependence on the PC space. However, during a conference call with journalists and analysts earlier this summer, Lensing said there still is a significant market opportunity of about $20 billion for client chips. Intel has held a dominant position in the space, with its chips found in more than 95 percent of the PCs sold. However, AMD officials are targeting the client space as one of several key markets in their larger plan to put the chip maker on greater financial footing. AMD officials said HP and Lenovo are only the first system makers to announce new systems based on the Bristol Ridge chips, and that other OEMs also are embracing the 7th Generation APUs. The chips will offer up to four Excavator cores and will come in 35- and 65-watt versions. The processors will deliver performance normally found in 95 watt chips, and will match Intel's Core i5 6500 processor in productivity performance and provide 99 percent better graphics performance, they said. They also include enhanced video playback capabilities that support up to 4K Ultra HD in both H.264 and H.265 formats, will include Graphics Core Next graphics and will support Microsoft's DirectX  12 technology. The AM4 socket—which will bring compatibility between the Bristol Ridge processors and the upcoming Zen-base "Summit Ridge" desktop chips—deliver DDR4 memory, next-generation interconnect technology and peripheral support, such as PCIe Gen 3, USB 3.1 Gen 2, NVMe and SATA Express, officials said. The introduction of the Zen core microarchitecture will be key to AMD's future. Company engineers designed the x86 chips from the ground up for all of AMD's efforts, from the smallest notebooks to the largest high-performance computing (HPC) systems, and executives unveiled the plan more than a year ago. Last month, officials gave some clarity on the Zen timeline, saying the first chips with the new cores will be in desktops, followed by server processors—dubbed "Naples"—in the second quarter 2017 and followed by Zen-based notebooks in the second half of next year. The goal with Zen was to create a new x86 microarchitecture with greater performance and power efficiency for a cloud-based world that includes such fast-growing computing trends as virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), esports and data analytics. Zen offers a 40 percent improvement in instructions-per-clock performance over AMD's current processors, and during a demonstration in August, Senior Vice President and CTO Mark Papermaster said a Summit Ridge chip delivered comparable performance and efficiency as a similarly configured "Broadwell-E" processor from Intel. In an interview with eWEEK last month, AMD President and CEO Lisa Su said AMD made a "high-risk, high-reward" bet on Zen that is paying off. "I would agree that this is the biggest product launch [for AMD] in 10 years," Su said. "We're exactly where we thought we would be."           LATEST PC HARDWARE ARTICLES   Factors You Need to Consider When Replacing Aging Laptops New Microsoft Surface Books, Surface Dial Go on Sale Microsoft Nixes Xbox Streaming Stick AMD Targets Gaming, VR Content Creators With New Radeon Graphics Cards Microsoft Surface Devices Challenge Apple in Enterprise Strongholds                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Jump to navigation Log in Sign Up Feed Main menu Articles Business Education Government Health Law Life Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Big data Docker Internet of things Kubernetes Linux containers Microservices OpenStack Software defined networking Open source alternatives Alternatives to Acrobat Alternatives to AutoCAD Alternatives to Dreamweaver Alternatives to Gmail Alternatives to MATLAB Alternatives to Minecraft Alternatives to Picasa Alternatives to Publisher Alternatives to Slack Alternatives to Trello More... eBooks Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer Testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Contributor Club Editorial writing topics About The Open Source Way Meet the team Press kit Contact The Open Org What is The Open Organization? Chapter download Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Catalyst in Chief download Field guide download Discussion guides Readling list Book club Meet the ambassadors Ambassadors program Search form Search Main menu Articles Business Education Government Health Law Life Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Open source alternatives eBooks Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer Testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Contributor Club Editorial writing topics About The Open Org What is The Open Organization? Chapter download Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Catalyst in Chief download Field guide download Discussion guides Readling list Book club Meet the ambassadors Ambassadors program Google's open source program office offers a model for other companies About the author John Mark Walker - John Mark Walker is Director of Product Management at Dell EMC and is responsible for managing the ViPR Controller product as well as the CoprHD open source community. He has led many open source community efforts, including ManageIQ, » More about me Learn how you can contribute How Google created a new kind of open source program office Posted 06 Sep 2016 John Mark WalkerFeed 48up Image by :  opensource.com In my previous article, What is an open source program office? And why do you need one?, I introduced the idea of an open source program office (OSPO) and discussed what they do, why a company would want to create one, and how to optimize them. In that article I focused on technology vendors and for a good reason—they were the first to embrace open source program offices strategically. From IBM and Intel to Oracle and even Microsoft, open source program offices were all the rage at technology companies from 1999 through about 2005. At that time, open source program offices were a way for vendors to get a handle on this brave new open source world and coordinate activities through a centralized office. But the one company I held up as the definitive example, Google, was a harbinger of things to come. Google was not a software vendor, at least not in the purest sense. Google was a provider of Internet search services and advertising, as this was before they became known for their mobile platform and services. Google's ability to influence the direction of open source software development brought to mind one of the core tenets of open source development: Everyone has a seat at the table, and everyone can use it to exercise power. Google's foray into open source politics made one thing crystal clear—software production was no longer controlled by software vendors. Since then, one commercial user after another made inroads into software development, in many cases wielding far more power than so-called software creators. Since Google demonstrated that software development was an avenue to increasing industry influence, we've seen many other companies expand into the open source program world, including Yahoo!, Facebook, Twitter, PayPal, Netflix, GitHub, and scores of others. What do all of these companies have in common? None of them are known for creating software for general consumption—at least, they weren't before. Sure, many of them are technology companies, but they were known for delivering services, not software for outside users. Since this rising tide first surfaced, how much influence these companies have on the software industry has dramatically increased, to the point in which many of their engineers and executives are the first to be listed as headline speakers and keynote speakers at technology conferences. The Google example Although many companies have created OSPOs and wield influence over open source communities and ecosystems, Google stands out for its open source efforts. Perhaps this is because all the other OSPOs feel very ... utilitarian in comparison. This is not necessarily bad, but what differentiates Google from other organizations, aside from being the first to embrace the OSPO approach, is that Google embraces the mission of spreading free software to the world. And no it's not altruistic, because the company garners acclaim and accolades for the greater glory of the Googleplex, but I've known many of Google's OSPO staffers through the years, and there's one thing I've never heard them say: "I'm an open source pragmatist." I've heard lots of other people at the other OSPOs say those exact words, often with a sense of pride. Google's open source program office staffers aren't just enthusiastic about making Google software better—they seem enthusiastic about changing the world through open source. How does Google benefit by embracing a mission that goes beyond wielding industry influence? The benefits are not easy to calculate, but there are metrics that are objective, such as perceived influence compared to actual engineering contributions. Google may not contribute the most code and, before Kubernetes, its open source projects were either small efforts or tightly constrained and not very open (e.g., Chrome, Android), but it carries great (one might say outsized) influence in open source developer circles, which gave it a great platform to launch Kubernetes and increase its chances of success. But Google did things like create Google Code, which at one time was a massive repository of the world's open source code, and it created the Summer of Code. Although neither of these initiatives involved massive code contributions by Google, they enabled developers around the world to collaborate and write more code. To date, no other company—vendor, user, or otherwise—has embraced this mission to the same degree as Google. Although this is great for Google, one wonders when some other enterprising company will invest in a similar vision. I suspect that the bottom line is risk: Why associate with an initiative not tightly coupled with a company's business objectives? After all, Facebook's business is not to build open source communities; its business is advertising. Someone looking at the books at Facebook would conclude that investing money in growing the world's open source ecosystems is simply not in keeping with the goals of a publicly traded company. However, the counterpoint is that Google also is, at its core, an advertising company, and is able to leverage its open source efforts into real business advantages. There also could be a sense of "been there, done that." At the time that Google started its OSPO, how much of the world would end up running on open source software wasn't clear yet. These days, open source quickly is taking over the software world, to the point in which all major areas of software innovation are happening on open source platforms. Perhaps these companies don't see the need to embrace a larger mission, when that very mission seems quite capable of sustaining itself. In their thinking, the hard work of establishing open source as a viable methodology for creating the world's best software has already been done. Why put time and money into something that doesn't need a boost? I would counter that there is still much to be done, especially for end-user facing software and platforms. Furthermore, expanding the open source mission to under-represented communities would lead to great gains for both the technology world and those communities. The benefits for those who solve that problem are immense—who's going to expand their OSPO to take it on? The point is, if a core factor in Google's uniqueness and success is its embrace of a problem space that's larger than simply its immediate business objectives, isn't there something to learn from that? Technology vendors vs. other companies Now that I've covered why an organization such as Google would create an open source program office, let's consider tech company efforts. As I mentioned, software companies and other companies that don't sell or support software as a primary business have different objectives and challenges to creating an OSPO. Whereas a primary software-development goal for organizations is to create better solutions for internal use, software development vendors often will see open source initiatives as a better way to distribute software products to the far reaches of the globe. This could also explain why some software development vendors have fallen behind when it comes to open source participation and influence—the fear of losing software (or software support) sales outweighs what they think they would gain by participating more aggressively in open source ecosystems. This could be described as extreme risk-aversion from technology vendors. After all, if they're making high-margin money from the sales of software products and services, why risk that just to influence open source ecosystems? After all, it's easy for companies that don't sell software to decide that they want to collaborate more deeply with open source ecosystems, and the subtext of that participation is one of avoiding vendors, so why would vendors help them along? The reason is because the market for old-fashioned vendor-supplied software deployed on premises is shrinking by the day. As you probably know, it's an open source world now, and a company's success can be directly tied to how much they participate in these ecosystems. So companies that get this continue to grow and expand whereas others, not so much. In this context, I have to wonder why a technology vendor in 2016 would not decide that strong investment into open source technologies is the right way forward. In fact, think back to the late 1990s and early 2000s and IBM's news splash around their $1-billion investment in Linux, with their "Peace, Love, and Linux" marketing campaign. Vendors must see themselves as between a rock and a hard place—investing in open source carries the risk of aiding other companies and losing potential sales, whereas not investing in open source carries the risk of being bypassed entirely by the technology world. In the end, however, technology vendors have no choice—collaborate or die. They can willfully disregard trends as long as they want, but ultimately it's to their detriment. They would do well to borrow a few pages from Google and other TODO Group participants and take a holistic approach to open source ecosystems: Which ones are of strategic importance, and how can participation help go to market more quickly with new products and services? And for an extra dash of magic, Google has shown that embracing a mission outside of a company's primary product focus yields results as well. But hey, one step at a time. Tags Business, software, Google About the author John Mark Walker - John Mark Walker is Director of Product Management at Dell EMC and is responsible for managing the ViPR Controller product as well as the CoprHD open source community. He has led many open source community efforts, including ManageIQ, » More about me Learn how you can contribute Recommended reading A new kernel on the way, self-taught software engineering, and more open source news How Capital One is embracing open source Evolving the design summit, bare metal deployments, and more OpenStack news 5 open source dashboard tools for visualizing data Open source FIWARE platform creates new IoT business opportunities 'Open source' is not 'free software' Comment now Login or Register to earn points for your comments. Your name * E-mail * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Accept the Terms of Use to continue. You are licensing your contribution(s) as CC-BY-SA. * Comment * Home page By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Sign up for Opensource.com news Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Meet the Team Visit opensource.org Find us:  Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Flickr RSS For more discussion on open source and the role of the CIO in the enterprise, join us at The EnterprisersProject.com. The opinions expressed on this website are those of each author, not of the author's employer or of Red Hat. Opensource.com aspires to publish all content under a Creative Commons license but may not be able to do so in all cases. You are responsible for ensuring that you have the necessary permission to reuse any work on this site. Red Hat and the Shadowman logo are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Capsa Ventures Receives The Intel Environmental Responsibility & Sustainability Award   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Fourth * East Austin * Capsa Ventures By Industry: * Real EstateAUSTIN, Texas - Sept. 6, 2016 - PRLog -- Capsa Ventures, LLC, an Austin-based real estate developer focused on creating sustainable urban projects, last week received The Intel Environmental Responsibility & Sustainability Award in Small Division category from Greater Austin Chamber of Commerce during the 16th Annual Greater Austin Business Awards Gala, recognizing Capsa's commitment to environmentally sound practices. Starting with 904 West in 2009 Capsa Ventures has shown substantial commitment to provide Austinites who value our environment with better options to call home – focused on sustainability while remaining beautiful, highly functional, and located in sought-after neighborhoods. The company has implemented a comprehensive approach, utilizing a wide array of eco-conscious technologies, materials and techniques to preserve precious natural resources, reduce energy and water consumption, taking sustainable development in Austin to the next level. From rooftop solar panels and courtyard rain gardens, to electric vehicle charging stations, the use of recycled or sustainable construction materials and high-performance fixtures, Capsa Ventures makes it easy for the Austinites to live a more sustainable life and promotes eco-conscious development in the real estate industry. "We are very proud to be recognized by Austin's business community for our continued commitment to making our city a more sustainable, better place to live," said Rance Clause, founder and CEO of Capsa Ventures. "Our communities are designed with a focus on green architecture and the creation of a sustainable structure, from the foundation and exterior walls to the solar panels and interior finishes. With each project we push the envelope further, thereby changing the way Austin is built." Capsa Ventures' latest sustainable project, Fourth& is currently under construction. Situated on 2.2 acres in East Austin at the corner of Fourth and Chicon Streets, just south of the Plaza Saltilllo MetroRail line and less than a mile east of Interstate 35, Fourth& is redefining "quality of life" and is the only real estate development in Austin that offers a full life with a small footprint. The 130,000-square-foot condominium and mixed-use community includes 97 residential condominium units and 42,000 square feet of flexible, street level commercial space, all sheltered under a wealth of solar panels on the roof. Other sustainable features include an electric vehicle charging station, multiple courtyard rain gardens with native draught-tolerant landscaping, recycled quartz countertops, LED lighting, Low-E windows, Energy Star-rated appliances, energy-efficient water heaters, bamboo flooring and exterior siding. When completed in summer 2017, Fourth& will be among the largest mixed-use developments in East Austin. For more information visit our website at http://www.FourthAndAustin.com. About Capsa Capsa Ventures, LLC, is an Austin-based real estate developer focused on creating sustainable urban projects in fast growing medium sized markets. Capsa founder, veteran real estate developer Rance Clouse, has a long history of creating modern buildings in Austin that are as green as they are beautiful. Among the firm's signature projects are the green townhomes Towns on Cumberland and the noted solar developments Pease Place and 904 West. Clouse's prior endeavors include several developments in the Phoenix area and founding Homes Direct, Inc., which was acquired by Belgravia Capital. Media Contact Ania Czarnecka Ward 7138690707 aczarnecka@wardcc.com End Source : Capsa Ventures Email : ***@wardcc.com Listed Under- Tags : Fourth, East Austin, Capsa Ventures Industry : Real Estate Location : Austin - Texas - United States Subject : Awards A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Chamberlain Hrdlicka News Chamberlain Hrdlicka Hosts 39th Annual Tax and Business Planning Seminar Seventeen Chamberlain Hrdlicka Attorneys Named to US News - Best Lawyers in America Trending SwimZip® Creator Launches Year-Round Sun-Protective Clothing Brand Shedo Lane® Huntsville Cyber Security Contractor Addresses New FAR Rule Implementing CUI Program IOTAP has been featured in the CIOReview magazine Prairie Capital Advisors Announces The Sale of McKinney Communications Corp. To An ESOP RISE and Pecan Lodge Join Forces to Create Ultimate Tailgating Experience for Football and BBQ Fans Daily News Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 400 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 266 views A Social Science Experiment Reveals that Not Everything Is As Real As It Seems In Every Protest - 258 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 228 views Mint SIM Launches Best F*!ing Deal in Wireless (We Said "Foxing"!) - 197 views Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1239 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 938 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 805 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 739 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 709 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 244 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 207 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 188 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 149 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple Former high-level Apple engineer turned down for job at Genius Bar JK Scheinberg, who masterminded major innovation during his 21 years at company, was snubbed for in-store tech support role Apple staff use iPads at a store in central London. The company employs people at its Genius Bars to give technical support. Photograph: Oli Scarff/Getty Images Rob Davies Tuesday 6 September 2016 10.51 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 6 September 2016 11.06 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 2 months old An engineer credited with changing the way in which Apple computers work was turned down for a job at one of the company’s Genius Bars. JK Scheinberg left Apple in 2008 after 21 years, having masterminded the top secret Marklar project to run Apple’s operating system on Intel chips. He later applied for a job in the customer support area, commonly staffed by younger people, at one of Apple’s high street stores after growing bored of retirement, according to reports in the US. A brief guide to everything that’s annoying about Apple Read more Despite possessing vast knowledge of Apple’s technology from working on some of its most high-level projects, Scheinberg was knocked back. Details of the surprising rejection emerged in an article about age discrimination in the New York Times. The author, Ashton Applewhite, said Scheinberg helps her with IT problems and the same support could have been offered to Apple customers. “I’m lucky enough to get my tech support from JK Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors,” said Applewhite. “A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54 he figured he’d be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview.” Applewhite said Scheinberg told her: “On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said: ‘We’ll be in touch.’ I never heard back.” Scheinberg has since addressed the rejection on Twitter. He also tweeted a link to Applewhite’s book This Chair Rocks: A Manifesto Against Ageism. JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism September 5, 2016 Scheinberg worked out how to run Apple’s operating system on his personal PCs, powered by Intel processors, according to his wife, Kim. The company developed his findings and has since switched all its computers from PowerPC processors to Intel. Apple did not return a request for comment. More news Topics Apple Computing Technology sector Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Evercore Sees Light At The End Of The Tunnel For PCs, Upgrades Intel To Buy Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 06, 2016 9:41am   Comments Share: Related INTC Intel Corporation, Mobileye May Be Star-Crossed Lovers, But Chowdhry Calls Veronian Tragedy 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Nobody Has Talked About What AMD Is Doing In Deep Learning (Seeking Alpha) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) has underperformed other Semiconductors year-to-date, on concerns regarding a slowdown in the company’s Server business and sustained PC weakness. Evercore’s C.J. Muse upgraded the rating on the company to Buy, while raising the price target from $38 to $45. Data Center Muse believes that the scenario is about to change for Intel, as DGC accelerates to more than 10 percent growth in the second half of 2016. This could be a meaningful catalyst to drive the stock higher. Beyond this, the analyst believes there could be potential competition for some workloads in the Data Center business, although Intel is likely to be able to deal with the competition, given the ongoing innovation with the company’s Xeon processors, as well as the recent product introductions, such as FPGA, Optane and Silicon Photonics. “Layer in a meaningful and perhaps misunderstood Networking opportunity as carriers upgrade their networks for 5G and the 50 billion coming connected devices, and we are comfortable underwriting a 12 percent growth CAGR for DCG,” Muse stated. PCs On the other hand, the analyst noted that PCs were tracking in the high single digits during Q3 and were expected to be “flat to modestly high” in Q4, indicating that the consensus expectations for CCG could prove conservative. “Add in lower losses from memory, a plethora of other options that offer incremental upside, and an ongoing restructuring that should support a 30 percent operating margin into CY17 and we believe Intel can generate $3.00 in EPS in CY17 – nicely ahead of current consensus of $2.71,” Muse said. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: C.J. MuseAnalyst Color Long Ideas Upgrades Price Target Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC) Intel Corporation, Mobileye May Be Star-Crossed Lovers, But Chowdhry Calls Veronian Tragedy 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 THCBF, APHQF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 DRYS, SINO: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In S... 3 NMM, SINO: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 TSLA, MBLY: Mobileye Could Collapse By Next Spring,... 5 EGLE, GLBS: DryShips Announces Offering A... 6 DSKX, DRYS: The T-12 Nasdaq Hal... 7 CSCO, WMT: 12 Must Wa... 1 SSNLF, BBY: Best Buy's Execution Continues To Improve, Yet Maturing 4K TV Cyc... 2 MSG, WWE: Dana White Enters Vince McMahon's Territory: Does He Have... 3 Soybean Futures Trading Higher 4 ELGX, SLP: Mid-Day Market Update: Abercrombie & Fitch Drops... 5 WSM: Williams-Sonoma: Bad Comps, Soft Sales And Another... 6 FB, GOOGL: RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks FANG Trade... 7 BBH, CELG: Assessing The Legitimacy Of The... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Technical Alert: S&P 500 Index Futures Holding Friday's Gains Live Cattle Futures Trading Lower
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»MGT Capital Files Complaint In U.S. Court For Declaratory Judgment Against Intel INTEL CORPORATION 32,831  Euro -0,056 -0,17 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 18:03 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,847 32,955 19:08 32,828 32,892 19:08 06.09.2016 | 15:11 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News MGT Capital Files Complaint In U.S. Court For Declaratory Judgment Against Intel SANTA CLARA (dpa-AFX) - MGT Capital Investments Inc. (MGT) said that on September 2nd the Company and John McAfee filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York seeking a judgment that the Company's use of 'John McAfee Global Technologies Inc.' does not infringe upon any trademark rights of Intel Corporation or breach any agreement between the parties. In 1991, Mr. McAfee entered into an asset acquisition agreement with McAfee Associates, L.P., with Mr. McAfee as Managing Partner. That agreement transferred ownership of certain business assets, but did not transfer or otherwise assign rights to Mr. McAfee's personal name via assignment of trademark or otherwise, or agree to restrict his right to do business using his name. Further the agreement did not contain any non-compete provisions of any kind. In fact, any trademarks pertaining to doing business as 'McAfee Associates' were subsequently cancelled or abandoned. Over the past 25 years, McAfee Associates was involved in a merger and was renamed 'Network Associates,' later changed back to 'McAfee Associates.' It was then purchased by Intel Corporation in 2010. Intel itself renamed the business 'Intel Security' a few years later, and, according to press reports, Intel is now attempting to sell Intel Security. Mr. McAfee sold his remaining stake in McAfee Associates in 1997, and has remained a notable entrepreneur with several business ventures, as well as a renowned global thought leader and public figure. The plan to change MGT's name to John McAfee Global Technologies, Inc. is a clear reference to Mr. McAfee as a famed international figure in his own right. 'When MGT announced it was to be renamed John McAfee Global Technologies, Intel sent a letter claiming they owned my name,' John McAfee explained. 'In my opinion, it has been Intel improperly using my name, and I have not been happy that the general public associates Intel's products with me.' Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 Closing The Book On Intel And Vuzix ► Artikel lesen 16:21 Tech Today: Salesforce, Marvell Surge, Apple's Inventory, Intel's A.I. ► Artikel lesen 15:46 Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good ► Artikel lesen 15:22 Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 MGT Capital Investments appoints John McAfee CEO ► Artikel lesen 17:31 John McAfee Officially Appointed as MGT Capital (MGTI) CEO ► Artikel lesen Di MGT Capital (MGTI) Reports Wider Q3 Loss; Updates on Recent Operations ► Artikel lesen Mo MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC - 10-Q, Quaterly Report ► Artikel lesen 10.11. MGT Capital (MGTI) Announces Completion of Bitcoin Phase Two Ahead of Schedule ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,831 -0,17 % MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC 2,104 -2,91 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Salon Home News news Emboldened by Donald Trump’s win, Republican lawmakers nationwide rush to pass repressive legislation Sophia Tesfaye Sexual assault and harassment in the United States are all too common, even before Donald Trump Sarah Cook Divided, battered Haiti to hold elections, ready or not David Mcfadden Politics politics 2016 Elections On the road with our American selves, or how to feel like a jerk in Mombasa, Kenya Mattea Kramer Emboldened by Donald Trump’s win, Republican lawmakers nationwide rush to pass repressive legislation Sophia Tesfaye New Google Chrome extension replaces the term “alt-right” with “rebranded white nationalism” Matthew Rozsa Entertainment entertainment Books Movies Music TV Kroenke, Goodell break ground on Rams’ Inglewood stadium Greg Beacham Breaking: “I am being considered for every major role in Donald Trump’s White House”: The Greatest Living American Writer Neal Pollack Woody Harrelson on his new role in a coming-of-age drama: “I was nominated in high school for class clown. It was disappointing I didn’t get it.” Gary M. Kramer Life life Life Stories Love & Sex Parenting On the road with our American selves, or how to feel like a jerk in Mombasa, Kenya Mattea Kramer Sexual assault and harassment in the United States are all too common, even before Donald Trump Sarah Cook The danger of Tinder’s LGBT-friendly upgrade: How the dating app could be used to target trans users Nico Lang Business business Wall Street Finance Labor Donald Trump pats self on back for saving Ford plant that wasn’t going to close Matthew Rozsa The Wolves of Wall Street: Trump’s Treasury contenders — what big teeth they have … Gary Legum Power Rangers: Why car companies are moving into home energy storage business Angelo Young Innovation innovation Power Rangers: Why car companies are moving into home energy storage business Angelo Young The danger of Tinder’s LGBT-friendly upgrade: How the dating app could be used to target trans users Nico Lang Minivan makeover: The Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid could be the next hot car Matthew Rozsa Video video Feeling validated by Donald Trump’s win, German hate groups team up with right-wing American hate groups Kali Holloway 3 Reasons the Trump coalition will crumble — and Democrats will need to pick up the pieces Simon Johnson Bernie Sanders: Donald Trump should apologize for campaign rhetoric, fire Steve Bannon Lisa Lerer Log out Sign in Tuesday, Sep 6, 2016 12:44 PM UTC Intel purchases Movidius to help complete its “human-like sight” initiative Movidius' system-on-a-chip will allow Intel's RealSense to process visual data with little power, and in real time Scott Eric Kaufman Follow Share WhatsApp Post 0 All Share Services Topics: AI, Business, Intel, Movidius, Business News Intel sign(Credit: Intel) Intel purchased Irish system-on-a-chip (SoC) manufacturer Movidius on Tuesday in order further develop its ambitious “human-like sight” initiative, which has been hampered by the amount of processing power required to run its RealSense depth-sensing camera. According to Intel’s technology chief Joshn Walden, the plan will be to integrate Movidius’ SoC into smaller devices — such as drones and digital security cameras — that currently lack the power to process their surroundings absent a connection to a computer cloud. “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” Walden wrote in a statement. “The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius’ low-power and high-performance SoCs opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key.” Movidius’ SoC works by taking information provided by a range of sources and breaking it down into tasks small enough to performed in parallel. Instead of the power-hungry sensors currently found on automated vehicles — which can afford be so, given that they have access to an abundant and renewable supply of energy — Movidius’ SoC will allow for the placement of real-time image-processing cameras in smaller, lighter, and less powerful entities that require vision-processing units. Scott Eric Kaufman is an assistant editor at Salon. He taught at a university, but then thought better of it. Follow him at @scottekaufman or email him at skaufman@salon.com. Follow More Scott Eric Kaufman. Comments Loading Comments... Powered by Livefyre brought to you by ✕ video About | Advertising | Contact | Corrections | Help | Investor Relations | Privacy | Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Salon Media Group, Inc. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon Media Group Inc. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Industry AMD announces new desktop APUs and (Zen compatible) AM4 socket By Shawn Knight on Sep 5, 2016, 11:30 AM TechSpot AMD on Monday said desktop PCs featuring Bristol Ridge APUs will arrive in the near future, offering both performance and efficiency improvements over previous desktop-based APUs. What’s likely more interesting here for most isn’t the new APUs but the introduction of the AM4 socket. AMD’s seventh-generation A-series chips for entry-level desktops will be offered in eight variants, from the highest-end A12-9800 sporting four cores, a base clock of 3.8GHz and Radeon R7 graphics at 65 watts to the A6-9500E with two cores, a base clock of 3.5GHz, Radeon R5 graphics and a TDP of 35 watts. There’s also a non-APU variant called the Athlon X4 950, a quad-core chip clocked at 3.5GHz and a 65 watt TDP. AMD says its new APUs offer as much as 17 percent higher processing performance compared to Intel’s Core i5-6500 and 99 percent better graphics performance. The latter is no surprise as Intel’s integrated graphics have never really been on par with AMD’s. Like Intel’s upcoming Kaby Lake chips, AMD’s new desktop APUs also support VP9 and H.265/HEVC. That said, Bristol Ridge chips likely won’t even show up as a blip on enthusiasts’ radars as true hardware hounds are waiting to see what AMD’s upcoming Zen platform has to offer. That’s especially true considering these new chips are still based on the Carrizo architecture and built using the dated 28-nanometer manufacturing process. The new AM4 socket, however, is noteworthy as it will run both Bristol Ridge and Summit Ridge (Zen) chips and offer support for DDR4 RAM, USB 3.1 G2, NVMe and SATA Express. Initially, AMD will offer a trio of chipsets: the AMD B350 for the mainstream segment, the AMD A320 for the essential crowd and the AMD X/B/A300 for small form factor boards. HP and Lenovo will be among the first partners to offer Bristol Ridge-based desktops, AMD said. Related Reads AMD's new AM4 socket spotted in the wild, ready for Zen AMD's Zen processors to feature up to 32 cores, 8-channel DDR4 AMD Zen CPUs delayed to early 2017, more details revealed 4 comments 184 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… China still has the two fastest supercomputers in the world The indefatigable PC IBM says Macs save as much as $543 per user versus a PC Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 14 Getting 5.1 surround through S/PDIF 3.5mm jack 8 Rebuilding a PC 14 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
null
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Intel acquires Dublin-based chipmaker Movidius Acquisition represents ‘massive potential’ for emerging technologies, says Intel Tue, Sep 6, 2016, 08:17 Updated: Tue, Sep 6, 2016, 16:58 Charlie Taylor, Eoin Burke-Kennedy Movidius co-founders Seán Mitchell and David Moloney and chief financial officer John Bourke. Photograph: Cyril Byrne         Tech giant Intel has acquired Dublin-based chip-design company Movidius in a multimillion-euro deal. Movidius makes computer vision hardware which has applications in drone and camera technology, and lists Google and Lenovo among its blue-chip clients. The company was recently named one of the 50 smartest companies in tech by the MIT Technology Review. The price paid by Intel has not been disclosed although it is believed the deal was worth close to $400 million (€355 million). This is significantly higher than the €250 million valuation placed on the company last year following a fundraising round. Original backers The firm’s original backers include Atlantic Bridge Capital, DFJ Esprit, Robert Bosch Venture Capital and the AIB Seed Capital Fund. The Irish taxpayer also previously invested an undisclosed amount in Movidius through the China-Ireland Growth Technology Fund, which is funded by the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF). Movidius, which was co-founded by Seán Mitchell and David Moloney in 2005, employs 180 staff across its global operations. It recently announced plans to create 100 jobs in Dublin after raising an additional $40 million from new investors. “We will continue to operate with the same eagerness to invent and the same customer-focus attitude that we’re known for, and we will retain Movidius talent and the start-up mentality that we have demonstrated over the years,” said company chief executive Remi El-Ouazzane. Draper Esprit, which has a 10 per cent stake in Movidius, told investors the deal would result in a cash return of £27 million (€32m) for the firm. ISIF, which owns about 8 per cent of the company, is believed to have earned around €30 million. Other investors include Atlantic Bridge, which has a 12 per cent stake, Robert Bosch Venture Capital, which has a 10 per cent stake, and Summit Bridge Capital, which has a 7.5 per cent shareholding. ADVERTISEMENT While both Mr Mitchell and Mr Moloney retain a shareholding in the business, along with other management and staff, it has been much diluted over several fundraisings. Movidius’s technology is expected to be integrated with Intel’s RealSense platform, which is being built into augmented-reality headsets, webcams and drones. “We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies,” said said Josh Walden, general manager of the ne technology group at Intel.       Topics: Google Intel Lenovo Group Movidius Dublin(IE) Read More Recognising the opportunity that enables machines to see Movidius on move to next-generation interaction Movidius to create 100 jobs in Dublin as it raises $40m Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Technology Ireland could be facing even bigger recession, Martin warns Work Pre-meetings key to successful meetings on contentious issues International Rory Best: We need our best performance ever Business Fold-away €5 bike helmet wins Dyson award Sponsored Designing the F-Pace: the story of Jaguar's best-seller HR managers need a simplified approach to pensions World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Airbnb takes on tourism industry with move into excursions 17:10 Three UK hit by data breach but no risk to Irish customers 16:28 Abercrombie & Fitch shares slide as sales miss estimates 15:52 Draghi warns against allowing Central Bank to cap mortgage rates 15:50 Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space 15:39 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest landlord: ‘I feel bad for the Irish people’ 2 Public sector pay rises? We cannot afford them 3 Donald Trump’s team reveals surprising lack of global business knowledge 4 Draghi warns against allowing Central Bank to cap mortgage rates 5 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent once again 6 Donald Trump victory triggers surge in jobseeking in Ireland 7 Airbnb takes on tourism industry with move into excursions 8 Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space 9 Ireland could be facing even bigger recession, Martin warns 10 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 18/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Intel acquires Google’s Project Tango partner Movidius by Abhimanyu Ghoshal — in Insider Credit: Movidius 375 shares Intel has acquired computer vision firm Movidius, which partnered with Google to develop 3D space mapping technology for Project Tango devices. The terms of the deal were not disclosed. With its latest purchase, Intel is set to build on its RealSense technology, which allows for measuring depth in physical spaces and is used in drones to help them avoid obstacles, as well as in webcams for applications like motion capture and 3D object scanning. Movidius, which has bases in California, Romania and Ireland, has also seen its tech integrated into Project Tango devices like the Lenovo Phab2 Pro, which uses special cameras to map spaces like the interiors of malls and to enable augmented reality functions such as visualizing furniture in your home before buying it. The company noted that, following its acquisition, it will continue to focus on its mission to “give the power of sight to machines,” and execute at scale with Intel’s backing. Intel’s senior vice president of New Technologies Group, Josh Walden, said in a blog post that the purchase of Movidius will bring his company access to “low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications.” He added: Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. Movidius’ technology optimizes, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition. Movidius + Intel = Vision for the Future of Autonomous Devices on Movidius Read next: Google might launch a 7-inch Pixel tablet this year GoogleIntelMoney Share on Facebook (37) Share on Twitter (288) Abhimanyu Ghoshal is a reporter from Bangalore, IN. Happy to hear your thoughts on abhimanyu@thenextweb.com or @aghoshal on Twitter. Abhimanyu is an avid gamer, street food gourmet and design connoisseur. Hit him up on Twitter, his site, or via mail: abhimanyu@thenextweb.com. Contact Mail Tweet Location Bangalore, IN Posts 2172 Posts / mo. 41.34   All posts by Abhimanyu > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure Watch this water jet cut through a camera, an iPhone and a tarantula Juan Buis Experience Zelda in a real-life escape room Abhimanyu Ghoshal I can't stop watching this bird speak perfect Japanese Juan Buis Never lose your Discover Weekly playlist again with this IFTTT Applet Matthew Hughes Comments Recommended 3 quick SEO fixes for every website SEO PowerSuite Most popular 1 Twitter rolls out Snapchat-like QR codes for some users Bryan Clark 2 Coca-Cola 'selfie bottle' lets you snap pics as you sip your health away Mix 3 Domino's begins delivering pizza by drone in New Zealand Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 Amazon Prime Video is going global next month to take on Netflix Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Apple reportedly considering building iPhones in the US instead of China Napier Lopez Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Nest Cam now lets you see who's at the door through your Android TV Josh Levenson This amazing wallet-sized smartphone tripod will arrive just in time for the holidays TNW Deals One day only: Store up to 1TB of data into the cloud forever for the bargain-basement price of $29 TNW Deals 3 quick SEO fixes for every website SEO PowerSuite Watch Conan O'Brien deep dive into virtual reality at the YouTube VR Lab Mix This addictive web experiment knows exactly what you're doing Juan Buis This revolutionary pill expands to stay in your stomach for multiple days Juan Buis I just applied for a job at Donald Trump's administration and you can too Mix Firefox Focus for iOS makes private browsing a breeze Abhimanyu Ghoshal Three Mobile breached, millions of UK customers' data at risk Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook now lets users trigger Safety Checks Abhimanyu Ghoshal White supremacists plan to flood Twitter with 'fake black people' Bryan Clark Apple finally acknowledges iPhone 'Touch Disease' problem by denying responsibility Bryan Clark This iPad-like 'Apple Mirror' is all I want for Christmas Bryan Clark Dog Parker is a high-tech parking spot... for your dog Bryan Clark Guy Kawasaki Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Apple Ex-Apple engineer who switched Macs to Intel processors says he was rejected for Genius Bar job The retired engineer, who spent 21 years working for the Cupertino company, did not get the job at the store. By Hyacinth Mascarenhas September 6, 2016 08:16 BST A retired engineer who spent over 20 years working at Apple and persuaded Steve Jobs to move the Mac from PowerPC to Intel was rejected from a job at the Genius BarClaudio Villa/Getty Images Former Apple engineer J K Scheinberg, best known as the man who persuaded Steve Jobs to migrate the Mac from PowerPC to Intel processors in 2005, was rejected from a job at the Apple store. According to a New York Times op-ed about workplace biases and age discrimination, Scheinberg, said he applied to work at the Genius Bar as a customer support representative thinking he would be a good fit for the position. However, the retired engineer, who spent 21 years working for the Cupertino company, did not get the job. "I'm lucky enough to get my tech support from J K Scheinberg, the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors," author Ashton Applewhite wrote in the editorial citing Scheinberg as an example of age discrimination in the workplace. "A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. "'On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, 'We'll be in touch,' " he said. 'I never heard back.'" Known for employing younger staff in its stores, Scheinberg's case isn't the only allegation of age discrimination against the tech giant. In 2010, then 60-year-old former Mac Specialist Michael Katz sued Apple for age discrimination, alleging that the company promoted individuals that he claimed were less senior and qualified for the role of Creative at the Orlando, Florida Apple retail store he worked at from 2006 to 2007. After leaving the job in 2007, Katz filed charges of discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and Florida Commission on Human Relations. The EEOC found "reasonable cause" that Katz was denied a promotion due to his age in 2009. The same year, then 22-year-old Facebook founder and chief executive Mark Zuckerberg famously said: "Young people are just smarter." In the past, Apple, Dropbox, Yahoo and gaming developer-publisher Electronic Arts have listed openings with the phrase "new grad" as a preference. In 2014, Forbes found that multiple employers, particularly in the technology, media and advertising sectors, swapped the phrase with the term "digital natives" listed as a requirement in their job postings, which many experts say raise age bias concerns. Given Silicon Valley's long-running reputation of ageism in the tech industry, many firms have been slapped with age discrimination lawsuits. In 2015, Google was sued by a 64-year-old engineer in the US accusing the tech giant of not hiring him due to his age. More recently in August, four former employees of Hewlett Packard filed a class action lawsuit against Hewlett-Packard for age discrimination, claiming that the company's goal since 2012 was "to make the company younger". More Technology news: Apple Campus 2: Spectacular new drone footage shows progress on 'Spaceship' headquarters Apple tax crackdown not an attack on US, says EU Commission president Mission Impossible? FBI wants to be cool enough to recruit hackers Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism— JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Black Friday: A quick history Columnists Laura Bates “Hillary Clinton had an inspiring message - but would you look at her make-up! READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. Pokemon Sun and Moon Z-Crystal location guide: Where to find powerful new items in Alola Fantastic Z-Crystals and where to find them. Pokemon Sun and Moon guide: Where to catch Pikachu early via Pichu Plus how to evolve Pikachu into Alolan Raichu and how to get exclusive Pika-family Z-Crystals. Pokemon Sun and Moon starter guide: Best pick from Rowlet, Popplio or Litten for easy Alolan Trials Beginner's guide to the strongest starter monsters in latest Pokemon games on Nintendo 3DS. Google backtracks after banning 200 users for trying to resell Pixel smartphones Google suspended multiple users for buying Pixel phones and reselling them to a dealer in New Hampshire. TfL to track London Underground users via their mobile phones TfL will use MAC addresses to learn how passengers move around its network. Argos Black Friday 2016: The 7 best deals and biggest discounts on technology and electricals With Black Friday deals launching, IBTimes UK looks at the biggest savings so far. The most exciting new cars on show at the 2016 LA Auto Show IBTimes UK takes a look at the new cars and trends at the Los Angeles Auto Show, which opens to the public on Friday 18... Pokemon Sun and Moon reportedly set for Nintendo Switch release under codename Pokemon Stars Pokemon Stars may include new Pokémon and features. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Jobs Financial Services Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Login Register Subscribe Video Log out My Account Subscribe Video Log out My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Former top Apple engineer 'turned down for Genius Bar job despite 21 years at company' JK Scheinberg. Credit: Twitter Chris Graham 6 September 2016 • 6:37am He helped lead the effort that moved Apple's Mac OS to Intel processors during a career at the tech giant spanning 21 years. Yet that was not enough, it seems, for JK Scheinberg to win a job at an Apple store Genius Bar. Aged 54, the software engineer thought the job would be a good way to keep him busy after retiring in 2008. A veteran with the company, he thought he would be ideal for the role - despite reportedly being  significantly older than the other applicants at the group interview.  "On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said: 'We’ll be in touch'.  I never heard back," he told the New York Times. Mr Scheinberg's account appeared in a story highlighting age discrimination for older people applying for jobs in the US. Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism— JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 After the article was published, the software engineer tweeted: "Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview." According to Apple Insider, Scheinberg worked with Apple from 1987 up until his retirement in 2008. Apple has yet to comment on the case, but states on its website that it "is an equal-opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity". It adds: "We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants."  The issue is a growing concern as people are increasingly expected to work longer as age expectancy rises.  JK Scheinberg was applying for a job at a Genius Bar in an Apple store.   Credit: Getty In March, the UK government hinted that millions of people could be forced to work until they are 75, as details of a review into the state pension age were published. Ministers announced a radical review of the pensions regime amid concerns that the current system was not "affordable in the long-term". The current state pension age is 65 for men and between 60 - 65 for women, and is due to rise for both to 66 by 2020. It is due to increase to 67 between 2026 and 2028, and will be linked to life expectancy afterwards. Earlier this year, a sales rep nicknamed "Gramps" by a younger colleague was awarded more than £63,000 after bringing an age discrimination case against a luxury jewellers. Alan Dove, 61, claimed he was unfairly sacked after being labelled with the nickname for several years. The “successful and experienced salesman" had worked for the Hertfordshire-based firm, Brown & Newirth, for 25 years. Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Mac Apple Jobs and employment Retirement Show more Technology latest 18 Nov 2016, 4:40pm iPhone lock screen hack means your pictures and contacts may be accessed without a passcode 18 Nov 2016, 1:14pm Apple considers making iPhones in America, reports claim 18 Nov 2016, 1:07pm Three Mobile under fire for failing to alert customers to data breach 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:08am Comment: Three data breach: It’s only a matter of time until we are all hacked, so let's learn to live with it James Titcomb Premium 17 Nov 2016, 5:45pm Humans 'will bully robot cars', Mercedes chief warns 17 Nov 2016, 4:58pm Samsung and Apple's grip on smartphone market slips to less than one in three sales 01:15 17 Nov 2016, 3:18pm Holidays, gadgets or fashion: Which have the biggest Black Friday discounts? 17 Nov 2016, 2:01pm What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 01:32 17 Nov 2016, 11:39am Sea Hero Quest mobile game helps dementia diagnosis breakthrough 17 Nov 2016, 10:26am Russia orders internet providers to block LinkedIn 17 Nov 2016, 10:00am £4 USB device can hack a locked computer in under a minute 17 Nov 2016, 7:00am This folding paper bike helmet for cycle share schemes could save lives 17 Nov 2016, 5:04am Watchdog seeks broadband advertising changes to ensure speed expectations met 16 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Pokémon Sun and Moon review - A vibrant and delightful new take on the famous pocket monsters 4 16 Nov 2016, 5:26pm Comment: Snapchat isn't worth $25bn - but that won't stop the technorati making it so James Quinn Premium 16 Nov 2016, 4:14pm Comment: Sex site hackers can never crack the mysteries of the human psyche Zoe Strimpel Premium Gallery 16 Nov 2016, 1:13pm Gallery: The bestselling video game consoles of all time 16 Nov 2016, 12:25pm Comment: The AdultFriendFinder hack shows there are no real secrets online James Titcomb Premium 16 Nov 2016, 11:11am Cheap Android phones send owners' text messages and location data to China 16 Nov 2016, 10:20am Comment: AdultFriendFinder sex hack: We can't stop cheating - accept it Rebecca Reid Premium Contact us Subscribers Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice S. Korea suspends sales of Pringles chips following discovery of dead lizar... English Cafe > Tech > Mobile & Internet SKT, Intel partner for media cloud technology   Published : 2016-09-06 11:33 Updated : 2016-09-06 11:33 [THE INVESTOR] SK Telecom announced on Sept. 6 that its media platform providing subsidiary ENTRIX and Intel Korea have signed a memorandum of understanding on cooperation to jointly develop solution and server for media cloud. The two companies will incorporate the cloud streaming solution of SKT’s wholly owned subsidiary with Intel’s Xeon processor, so that they can provide better data traffic and bigger storage with less power consumption.  They are seeking to complete the development by the end of this year and offer the solution and server to markets in China, US and Europe. By Hwang You-mee (glamazon@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. S. Korea suspends sales of P... 2. Chung illegally admitted to ... 3. Prosecutors detain Choi’s n... 4. Indictment against Choi like... 5. Chung illegally admitted to ... 6. Park moves to resume state a... 7. Hansik champion talks on Mi... 8. Best places for winter bir... 9. Arrival of winter guests 10. Economic woes 1. Chung illegally admitted to ... 2. S. Korea suspends sales of P... 3. Park moves to resume state a... 4. Prosecutors detain Choi’s n... 5. Singer Jung Joon-young may r... 6. Ultra fast 5G network to ush... 7. Indictment against Choi like... 8. Arrival of winter guests 9. Top 3 hallyu female celebrit... 10. Gangnam murder case triggers... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Retired Apple Engineer Apparently Considered Too Old For Genius Bar Job By Adnan Farooqui on 09/05/2016 13:12 PST A story about a retired Apple engineer who was not considered for a Genius Bar job is gaining traction today. This ex-Apple engineer was involved in the migration of OS X to Intel but never got a call back after a retail Genius interview. An op-ed in the NYT has raised the issue of age discrimination in Silicon Valley as it’s believed that the engineer was not hired because of his age. In an op-ed about workplace biases the author sheds light on age discrimination by giving the example of former Apple engineer J.K. Scheinberg who tried getting a customer support representative Genius Bar job at an Apple retail store. Scheinberg was at Apple proper for a considerably long period of time – from 1997 until his retirement in 2008 – and was directly involved with the first builds of OS X for Intel processors. He said that three interviewers told him that they will be in touch about the Genius Bar job but he never heard back from them. This isn’t the first time that Apple has been accused of preferring to hire younger people. 60 year old Michael Katz sued Apple back in 2010 after less senior employees at an Apple Store in Orlando were promoted above him. He held that they were less qualified individuals for the post and that he was only passed over for promotion multiple times on account of his age. Apple has not yet commented on this op-ed. Filed in General.. Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Tue, Sep 06, 2016 - Page 12　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Chinese demand, Broadcom’s exit lift Realtek’s sales CHIP PACKAGER:King Yuan Electronics posted record sales last month and looks to benefit in the second half after landing a new client — Intel Corp By Lisa Wang  /  Staff reporter Realtek Semiconductor Corp (瑞昱), which supplies Wi-Fi and TV chips, yesterday reported its highest monthly sales in eight months, thanks to increasing demand from China and the exit of rival Broadcom Corp. Revenue last month amounted to NT$3.46 billion (US$109.8 million), rising 9.15 percent from July’s NT$3.17 billion and 34.6 percent from NT$2.57 billion in the same month last year, according to the company’s filing with the Taiwan Stock Exchange. “We have been seeing Realtek benefit from the China networking demand and Broadcom’s exit of low-margin Wi-Fi business earlier this year,” Credit Suisse analyst Randy Abrams said in a report released on Tuesday last week. Realtek has multiple growth drivers, which should help boost its revenue by more than 20 percent this year, Abrams said. Realtek made NT$31.75 billion in revenue last year. Major growth drivers include demand from telecom operators for Wi-Fi and switch chips, order gains in TV chips from a South Korean TV brand and Wi-Fi chip upgrade demand to the 802.11ac standard for PCs, broadband and set-top boxes, according to the report. Abrams upgraded RealTek to “outperform” from “neutral.” Capital Investment Management Corp (群益投顧) expects Realtek to grow its revenue by 23.6 percent annually this year to NT$39.24 billion. Sales from communications-related chips is expected to increase by a double-digit percentage this year, supported by rising demand for networking equipment in China, which is deploying infrastructure, Capital Investment said in a report. More than 60 percent of Realtek’s revenue comes from the communication segment, the report said. The investment consultant has a “neutral” rating on Realtek, saying that the stock’s price-to-earnings ratio has reached the upper band of its historical range. The stock is trading at about 17 times its earnings per share, Capital Investment said. Separately, Siliconware Precision Industry Co (SPIL, 矽品精密), the world’s No. 3 chip packager and tester, yesterday reported a mild 1.6 percent increase in revenue for last month to NT$7.43 billion from July’s NT$7.32 billion. That was the best August in the company’s history, SPIL said. On an annual basis, revenue last month climbed 10.7 percent from NT$6.71 billion. Smaller rival chip packager and tester King Yuan Electronics Co (京元電子) yesterday reported record-high monthly sales for last month at NT$1.82 billion. That represented a 1.1 percent monthly growth from NT$1.8 billion in July, or an annual expansion of 25.5 percent from NT$1.45 billion in August last year. King Yuan is expected to grow revenue by 6 percent sequentially this quarter to NT$5.76 billion and an all-time high of NT$19.89 billion for the full year, Yuanta Securities Investment Consulting Co (元大投顧) analyst Andrew Chen (陳治宇) said. Chen attributed the growth to increasing orders from China’s Hisilicon Technologies Co (海思半導體), which supplies smartphone chips only to its parent company, Huawei Technologies Co (華為). King Yuan also landed a new client, Intel Corp, and is expected to ramp up production for the US firm in the second half, Chen said. He expects 4 percent of King Yuan’s second-half sales will come from Intel. This story has been viewed 1851 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-12 to 2016-11-19 Most read Most e-mailed 1 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 2 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 3 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 4 Chinese culture society snubs Tsai leadership 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 4 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU Components News 48 7th Generation AMD A-Series desktop PC systems start to ship by Mark Tyson on 5 September 2016, 14:01 Tags: AMD (NYSE:AMD) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6jv Add to My Vault: AMD says that both HP and Lenovo have started to ship their first systems built around the 7th Generation AMD A-Series APUs. The OEM PCs featuring these 'Bristol Ridge' processors will benefit from the new AMD AM4 platform supporting DDR4 memory, next-gen I/O, and other qualities. A PC system based upon one of the new APUs is said to "deliver high-speed processing, smooth eSports gaming, and enhanced HD and UHD streaming". The new range of 7th Gen chips from AMD will include a maximum of four 'Excavator' cores. Today AMD has revealed eight new processors; there are five quad-core APUs, two dual-core APUs, and one quad-core Athlon X4. Check out the chart below for individual processor details. AMD highlights that these 7th Gen processors top out at 65W, yet offer performance that could only be realised at 95-watts with the previous generation. Talking of performance, AMD has provided an interesting comparison of the new A12-9800 APU pitted against the year-old quad-core Intel Core i5 6500 65W processor. AMD says that its A12-9800 can offer "up to equivalent productivity performance and up to 99 per cent higher graphics performance," than the Intel chip. PCMark 8 v2 Home was used to compare productivity (scores: 3483.25 vs 3466.5) and 3DMark 11 Performance was used to compare graphics performance (scores: 3521.25 vs 1765.75). Systems both used 8GB dual-channel DDR4 RAM, 228GB SSD, and Windows 10. The AMD system used DDR4-2400 RAM, while the Intel system used DDR4-2133 RAM. Performance-per-watt scores looked even better for AMD - but you will notice a more diverse range of parts have been 'cherry picked' for these graphs (directly below). Other important features of the 7th Gen chips from AMD centre on enhanced graphics and video playback features. AMD's new 'Bristol Ridge' parts support up to 4K Ultra HD in both the popular H.264 and new-and-improved H.265 formats, APUs fully support GCN and DirectX 12. The AMD AM4 platform provides next gen I/O and peripheral support including PCIe Gen 3, USB 3.1 Gen 2, NVMe, and SATA Express. It also offers higher power efficiency than previous AMD desktop platforms (up to 70 per cent power used compared to AM3+). AMD says that the new HP and Lenovo designs featuring AM4 show the ecosystem's readiness for the upcoming high performance 'Summit Ridge' processors, based upon 'Zen' cores. AMD has a "commitment to support AM4 for years to come". The above will be joined by an as-yet unnamed 'enthusiast' level chipset. Related Reading 4 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker First out of the door will be Zen SR7 HEDT chips with a 8C/16T configuration. 4 Samsung to build next-gen Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC And we learn about Quick Charge 4.0 4 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU The Core i3-7350K will be targeted at overclockers on a budget, say reports. QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst AMD releases Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR Watch Dogs 2 to be bundled with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 & 1070 HEXUS Forums :: 48 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by scaryjim - Mon 05 Sep 2016 14:09 The above will be joined by an as-yet unnamed ‘enthusiast’ level chipset. My money's on “X370”. A bit boring perhaps, but it follows AMD's usual pattern on these things. EDIT: I notice the slide lists “X/B/A300” chipset for SFF options, which doesn't seem to provide any additional ports at all… so it looks like the additional chip is entirely optional and you can build a board to run the SoC “bare”, as it were… I know the PCIe x8 limit is internal to the Bristol Ridge APU rather than being platform dependent … wonder how many lanes the platform as a whole can cope with? I sincerely hope it's a lot more than 8… :O_o1: Posted by CAT-THE-FIFTH - Mon 05 Sep 2016 14:14 That A12 9800 looks pretty nice - 3.8GHZ to 4.2GHZ clockspeeds for the CPU and around 1.1GHZ for the GPU core!! So when is it being released for DIY PC builders together with socket AM4?? Posted by scaryjim - Mon 05 Sep 2016 14:26 CAT-THE-FIFTH … So when is it being released for DIY PC builders together with socket AM4?? I have a horrid feeling it might not be, although at least with products at OEM it might give mobo manufacturers a bit more confidence that they can deliver a decent desktop experience - I'm actually pretty impressed by what they've acheived in the 65W envelope there. Wonder how fast the memory controller can go… 512 shaders @ 1100MHz is just begging for 3GHz+ memory… iirc the 7750 launched with 4500MHz GDDR5 which gives you a good idea of how much bandwidth AMD think it needed… Posted by CAT-THE-FIFTH - Mon 05 Sep 2016 14:42 scaryjim I have a horrid feeling it might not be, although at least with products at OEM it might give mobo manufacturers a bit more confidence that they can deliver a decent desktop experience - I'm actually pretty impressed by what they've acheived in the 65W envelope there. Wonder how fast the memory controller can go… 512 shaders @ 1100MHz is just begging for 3GHz+ memory… iirc the 7750 launched with 4500MHz GDDR5 which gives you a good idea of how much bandwidth AMD think it needed… There were HD7750 GDDR3 models IIRC?? I wonder if the IGP uses the colour compression technology seen in AMD GCN1.2 GPUs onwards?? So combine that with GDDR4,it might help a bit. Kaveri lacks it,so it will be interesting to see how the A10 7860K and A10 7890K fare in comparison. Posted by scaryjim - Mon 05 Sep 2016 14:54 CAT-THE-FIFTH There were HD7750 GDDR3 models IIRC?? Yeah, but they were quite a bit slower iirc. Still, even 2400MHz DDR4 would provide more memory bandwidth than they had…! CAT-THE-FIFTH … I wonder if the IGP uses the colour compression technology seen in AMD GCN1.2 GPUs onwards?? So combine that with GDDR4,it might help a bit. Kaveri lacks it,so it will be interesting to see how the A10 7860K and A10 7890K fare in comparison. AFAIK that's a feature of the GCN generation, and Bristol Ridge is meant to use 3rd gen like Tonga so should get some benefit from DCC - although not the latest version that Polaris uses. Given the increased clock speed, potential bandiwdth increase with DDR4, and colour compression, I suspect we'll see a healthy increase in IGP performance compared to Kaveri… SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 13 4 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU 4 5 Corsair Harpoon RGB 0 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 110 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 14 4 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 13 5 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,194 Forum posts: 2,558,971 Forum threads: 246,655 Currently active users: 610 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.

News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Saturday, November 19, 2016 02:08 (GMT+8) Taipei 29°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: ASE equipment 10nm SMIC IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news ASE-SPIL merger still under review in China and US China investment funds wooing Taiwan IC vendors Egistec October revenues surge Epileds Technologies, High Power Lighting cooperate on UV-C LEDs Digitimes Research: Use of LED chips in TV backlighting to grow slightly in 2017 Court in Germany issues injunction against Everlight Electronics due to infringement of Nichia YAG patent Qualcomm, Samsung collaborate on 10nm for Snapdragon 835 mobile chips NCC plans to reduce fee rates for 1GHz and above frequency band units D-Link participates in Microsoft Super Wi-Fi development HTC cooperates with Shenzhen City Government to foster VR industry Greatek 3Q16 EPS hits 8-quarter high AUO 6G China fab obtains LEED Platinum Certification Vivotek aims to hike revenue proportion from own-brand sales Arima Optoelectronics steps into AlGaInP LED chips Genesis Photonics suffers 3Q16 net operating loss for 8th quarter straight Digitimes Research: Samsung offers smart digital signage Senao revenues stay flat in October Intel announces US$250 million investment for autonomous driving AUO starts production at 6G LTPS LCD plant in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 China market: 500 million smartphones to be shipped in 2016, says Sigmaintell Global DRAM revenues rise 15.8% in 3Q16, says DRAMeXchange Market summary 18-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8995.26 +33.04 +0.37%  TSE electronic 361.79 +2.00 +0.56%  GTSM (OTC) 119.8 -0.05 -0.04%  OTC electronic 158.08 +0.67 +0.42%  View more Around the web South Korea losing strength in trade with China (Nov 17) - BusinessKorea Nikon to cut 1,000 jobs in Japan (Nov 8) - Nikkei Electronics Asia The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster (Nov 14) - Daily Mail Galaxy S8 might have a pressure-sensitive display (Nov 14) - Gsmarena October has already set a record for US M&A deals (Oct 27) - Wall Street Journal Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics amid push to digitize heavy industry (Nov 14) - Wall Street Journal 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC (Nov 14) - EE Times Dolby drags Oppo and Vivo to court; demands royalties for unlicensed use of proprietary technology (Nov 11) - Firstpost Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments – 1Q 2016 Taiwan server shipment forecast and industry analysis, 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 4Q 2015 More reports Digitimes Research: Taiwan top-3 foundries see combined revenues rise in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Global IC foundry output value to rise at 5% CAGR over 2016-2021 Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to growth over 18% in 2H16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Advantest launches Versatile T2000 AiR System for low-volume testing of highly integrated modules and system-in-package (SiP) devices HHGrace technology symposium 2016 successfully held in the US Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand Advantest Opens VOICE 2017 Call for Papers VATek's modulator has been used on the world's first DTV transmitter crowdfunding project on Kickstarter More releases Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing Efficient Network Management for Digital Signage Design Benefits of the MI/O Extension Solution More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Silego SLG46533V GreenPAK 5Photo: Company, Jul 26. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung PM971-NVMePhoto: Company, Jun 2. Winbond SpiStack memoriesPhoto: Company, Mar 30. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Samsung PM1633a SSDPhoto: Company, Mar 14. Silego SLG46531V GPAK 5Photo: Company, Jan 13. Samsung Bio-ProcessorPhoto: Company, Jan 5. Samsung PRO Plus 128GB microSD cardsPhoto: Company, Dec 23. Samsung 128GB TSV DDR4 RDIMMPhoto: Company, Dec 9. Page 2 Hot Systems Mentor Graphics Veloce VirtuaLAB adds protocols for networking designs Mouser Electronics undergoing expansion Digitimes Research: Shrinking tablet market prompts China touch panel supply chain to look for growth elsewhere Digitimes Research: Tsinghua Unigroup acquisition of Micron faces difficulties, but is a must for China for further development Digitimes Research: Qualcomm to push inexpensive mobile device market with Microsoft and Allwinner solutions More Page 2 MWC 2015: Intel launches new mobile SoCs, LTE solution Samsung intros 128GB UFS storage for smartphones Qualcomm announces highest-end Snapdragon 810 and 808 processors Micron launches 45nm serial NOR flash for embedded apps Intel launches Pro 1500 series SSD for enterprise More Hot Systems Topics The 10nm competition TSMC and Samsung have been competing for clients for the 10nm node. Japan earthquake Earthquakes in Japan often cause huge damage. They have had strong impacts on the country's electronics industry. China: Big plans for homegrown chips A CNY120 billion (US$19 billion) national industry investment fund has been set up to help local foundries finance the build-up of advanced manufacturing... ASE seeking to take up major stake in SPIL Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) is seeking to acquire an up to 25% stake in fellow packaging house Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL). Frankly speaking Industry intros Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law With 2015 being the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law, one of the hottest topics that has continued to... 7nm process is essential for semi industry: Q&A with Globalfoundries CTO Gary Patton Gary Patton, a 30-year veteran in the semiconductor industry, joined Globalfoundries as CTO in July... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Taiwan DRAM module industry overview - Jun 2011 The year 2010 represented a peak in recent years for the DRAM module industry. Optimism surfaced in the second half of 2009 thanks to a return of demand on the... Taiwan DRAM-module industry overview - May 2010 Back to 2006 when total revenues for the third-party module market reached US$12.2 billion, Taiwan had over 15 vendors shipping DRAM modules under their own brand... Taiwan semiconductor equipment industry overview - Aug 2008 Worries about a global economic downturn have taken a toll on a number of industries, with the semiconductor industry being no exception. Players in the semiconductor... Foundry overview - Sep 2006 Taiwan's semiconductor industry has begun to out-run its global peers, once more, in 2006. This followed a trough in 2004, caused by over-inventory, plus volatility... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD packaging and testing semiconductor China TSMC IC revenues 4Q16 Taiwan 3Q16 MediaTek 2016 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple 9 important trends at IFA that will shape the tech world this holiday season Digital Trends Staff Digital TrendsSeptember 4, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The show floor is open at IFA 2016, and with it comes the tech trends that’ll set the tone for the rest of the year. Though there’s no shocking new launch at this year’s show, we saw many newer product categories — like virtual reality — expand their influence. There’s also a resurgence in tech you’ve come to take for granted, like tablets and mid-range phones. Here are some major trends we’re seeing at the show that you should know. Mid-range phones cost too much IFA_RU1_01More We haven’t seen many flagship phones at IFA this year, but there have been some interesting tablets. The smartphone field has been distinctly mid-range; the specs war may be ending. Most smartphones have surpassed the point of “good enough” performance. Despite the lack of cutting edge processing power, the trend of premium metallic finishes shows no signs of abating and, we’ve lost count of the number of times a chamfered edge was described as diamond-cut. The companies behind this phones obviously want them to be perceived as affordable flagships with premium builds (like an iPhone or Galaxy). But they just as often feel like adequate phones that cost too much. While it’s good to see quality increase across the board, it’s becoming more difficult to find the true bargains. Read more here. The smartwatch has come full circle IFA_RU1_02More The watch has come full circle (literally), and rectangular smartwatches are out. Apart from the Apple Watch, that is – and its square shape is starting to look, well, square. Companies like Samsung and Asus started their smartwatch journey with rectangular devices a few years ago, but they’ve since made the shift to a more traditional wrist-piece. Case in point? The Asus ZenWatch 3, Asus’ first flagship watch with a circular design. Expect to see more circular watches as we head into the holiday season — and don’t expect to see many (or any) rectangular ones. Read more here. Intel’s 7th-gen chips are inspiring new laptops IFA_RU1_03More Read More Core, Intel’s main line of processors, is now on its seventh generation. The first examples of the new hardware arrived at IFA 2016, and they are paving the way for an estimated 250 designs that are scheduled for release before the end of the year. Those designs are targeting the back-to-school, and then holiday, buying seasons. Because Intel is launching 7th-gen mobile dual-core chips first, you’ll see new designs focused there, and in particular in the high-end market. The next few months will be a good time to buy a laptop. Read more here. Every laptop is a 2-in-1 IFA_RU1_04More Acer’s headline PC at IFA 2016 was the Spin 7, the thinnest 2-in-1 yet produced. But it wasn’t alone. The company announced a full line of Spin devices ranging from the budget Spin 1 up to the $1,200 Spin 7. Lenovo, too, announced affordable and attractive 2-in-1s, like the $550 Yoga Book with Windows and the $600 Miix 510. In fact, every PC announced by Lenovo was a 2-in-1. It’s not clear that users demand 2-in-1s, but it’s also not clear that demand matters. As the technologies that power the category become easier to produce, and more affordable, manufacturers are finding new value in multi-use PCs. Like the ultrabook before it, the 2-in-1 is likely to become more or less standard. You’ll likely find yourself buying one, whether you want a 2-in-1 or not. Read more here. Eye-tracking is gaining popularity IFA_RU1_05More Have you heard of Tobii? If not, we don’t blame you, though we have covered them for half a decade. The company, which has an eye-tracking technology designed for unique user input, has been around for a long time. Now, Tobii is starting to hit its stride. Its hardware has appeared in a new line of Acer Predator monitors at IFA 2016. It’s also in mobile hardware from Alienware and MSI, among others. That list of products might make you think Tobii is all about gaming. But it’s also useful for Microsoft’s Windows Hello login utility – and that may in fact become its killer app. And it’s not just Tobii in this field. Intel’s RealSense is just as capable. It seems these solutions have finally found their problem. Read more here. Everyone wants a slice of VR IFA_RU1_06More Everybody wants a piece of the VR pie, and IFA couldn’t have made that more apparent. It’s not just Oculus and HTC’s arena anymore. In just the first couple days of IFA, we’ve seen a handful of companies — Qualcomm, Alcatel, Acer, and a few others — either showing off new gear or announcing prices and availability for headsets they’d previously revealed. And that’s just the headgear side of things. Once the floor opens up, we fully expect to see a smattering of VR software and peripherals. The VR bandwagon still has plenty of room for people to hop on board. Read more here. Awesome tablets are back, but do we still want them? IFA_RU1_07More Tablets, or more precisely, tablets we may be tempted to buy, aren’t dying as fast as some may have predicted. Huawei and Lenovo in particular have excelled with tablets this year, with the MediaPad M3 and Yoga Book both really impressing respectively, and honorable mention also goes to Asus and the ZenPad 3S. Companies have seen the value in making tablets that can actually do some computing, finally giving the iPad some meaningful competition. The question is, are we bored of tablets, regardless of whether they’re good or bad, cheap or expensive, thanks to phones with massive screens? Read more here. Robots want to help you cook IFA_RU1_08More IFA is packed with appliances, but one trend that’s stood out is guided cooking. Whether it’s Sharp’s Love2Cook, a smart oven that’s preloaded with recipes; Bosch’s non-connected multicooker with accompanying app; or Samsung’s upcoming debut of its Club des Chefs app, where Michelen Star chefs will guide you through the cooking promise, everyone wants to make sure you don’t mess up in the kitchen. The message seems to be you don’t need to be a master in the kitchen to make good food. Take AEG Electrolux’s SenseCook. You don’t even have to know what temperature to cook your steak! Just dial in the level of doneness, and the included probe keeps track of when it’s time to stop cooking. Even kitchen appliances that aren’t connected are getting smarter. Read more here. Tech companies are having an identity crisis IFA_RU1_09More Once upon a time it was enough to hang your company’s reputation on the quality of its products, but if the press conferences at IFA 2016 are any indication, that’s no longer the case. While it’s typical for large corporations to spend several minutes updating the public on how they are striving to innovate and remain competitive in the marketplace at these events, this year it seemed like half the time these companies had our attention was spent on a reaction to some sort of identity crisis. Panasonic told us about how it wants to save the world with clean energy and “smart cities;” LG toured groups through an elaborate art installation which symbolically related products to natural phenomena; Samsung made a point of showing off how it was providing jobs to European millennials floundering in a struggling economy; and Sony continues to hammer home the nebulous concept of “Kando” as the basis for its product development. Philanthropy and artistic endeavors are fine and good, but they always feel a bit hollow when used to sell products. Read more here. Hands on: Asus ZenWatch 3 Lenovo’s IFA 2016 lineup includes a laptop with virtual keys and a supercharged 2-in-1 Here’s every new computer announced by Acer at IFA today Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals The Verge iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech A smart home for Fido: Dog Parker offers safe place to keep canines in the big city Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
null
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Science Sexuality Test your 'Lingo' SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News SBS World News Dateline Insight Living Black The Feed NITV News Census Explorer Power of 1 Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Latest News US Election Featured Topics First Day Stories Paris 2015 Syria Conflict Europe's Refugee Crisis True Stories Podcast Comment & Analysis Video Galleries Audio National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America Business Sport Odd 7 Sep 2016 - 9:03am Former Apple engineer gets rejected from in-store Genius Bar job File image of an Apple store (AAP) Previous Next Show Grid Previous Next Hide Grid Image 1/ Video Audio An engineer who was at the leading edge of Apple's tech resurgence for two decades has been rejected for a job at one of the company's in-store Genius Bars. Source: SBS News 7 Sep 2016 - 9:03 AM  UPDATED 7 Sep 2016 - 9:03 AM Tweet After leaving Apple in 2008 - with 21 years' experience working on some of the brand's most top-secret projects - JK Scheinberg decided to cut his retirement short by applying for a customer support job at one of the brand's high-street stores. Despite his extensive resume, which included work on the Marklar project which dealt with running Apple’s operating system on Intel chips, Scheinberg was rejected for the position. According to a report by the New York Times, Scheinberg said: “On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, ‘We’ll be in touch’." But they never did, leaving the 54-year-old "feeling frustrated that his experience didn’t get him immediately in the door", according to Times reporter Ashton Applewhite. Ms Applewhite said Scheinberg had "figured he’d be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview”, and "to his disappointment, he didn’t hear anything right away and he remembers that he called to follow up". Scheinberg took to Twitter to address the rejection, and to spruik Applewhite's book, which deals with age discrimination. Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism — JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 I highly recommend this book on #ageism https://t.co/l4f7ejSmyv for anyone that plans on getting older — JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 Recommended reading Samsung recalls Note7 after battery fires 50,000 Australian Samsung Galaxy Note7 owners are being told to turn off their phones and return them to stores after reports of batteries catching fire. Apple dumps handgun emoji for water pistol The next major revision of Apple's mobile software will include emoji depicting women in athletic and professional roles, as well as a rainbow flag. Advertisement Advertisement Trending SBS VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Best Boy Band VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Album of the Year VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Hottest MV VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Solo Star VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Greatest Girl Group Trending News Melbourne bank fire: Two people are fighting for their life after man 'sets himself alight' Trump, Abe hold 'very candid discussion' Taking on government not good for career: Gillian Triggs Obama delivers instructions to Trump from Berlin Pandas born in the US arrive in China with culture shock and cracker addiction In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 790.6K Follow Twitter 262.4K Watch YouTube 8K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums AMD unwraps its seventh-generation desktop APUs and AM4 platform Paving the way for Zen by Jeff Kampman  4:00 PM on September 6, 2016 AMD's Zen CPUs, code-named Summit Ridge, are set to arrive early next year, but there's a lot of groundwork to be done before those next-generation processors make their entrance. Way back in January, AMD announced it would be unifying its desktop platforms for its CPUs and APUs with a new socket—AM4. Now, motherboards and chipsets with that new socket are on the move toward retail. Yesterday, the company announced that desktop AM4 motherboards and its seventh-generation desktop APUs, code-named Bristol Ridge, are now available for its OEM partners. For some background, today's AMD APUs require Socket FM2+ motherboards that are incompatible with their integrated-GPU-free CPU cousins, which still drop into Socket AM3+ motherboards. Each of those sockets has a range of associated chipsets, too, serving builders of all budgets. AM4 wipes away all of that cross-platform incompatibility with a single socket and motherboard lineup. Compatible APUs and CPUs will offer modern features like PCIe 3.0, DDR4 memory controllers, and support for NVMe storage devices on top of the new features that AM4-platform chipsets will include. The first family of AM4 APUs, code-named Bristol Ridge—or "seventh-generation APUs," as you'll see them referred to in marketing materials—have been available in notebook PCs for a couple of months in TDPs ranging up to 45W. As a brief refresher, Bristol Ridge parts are built around AMD's Excavator CPU core and GCN 3.0 graphics technology, but improved process technology and lots of optimization work have allowed those chips to deliver modest improvements in performance over Carrizo parts on the same 28-nm process. More importantly, Bristol Ridge parts give us our first glimpse at how AM4 motherboards might look for Zen CPUs when they arrive next year. The lineup Back when Carrizo APUs arrived for notebooks, AMD brought that processor family's Excavator CPU core to the desktop with just one part: the Athlon X4 845, a 65W quad-core CPU without integrated graphics. That Athlon ran at 3.5GHz base and 3.8GHz boost clocks. In contrast, Bristol Ridge is a family of desktop APUs with Radeon graphics onboard, although one Bristol Ridge CPU will also be available in the form of the Athlon X4 950. The extensive tweaking and tuning in Bristol Ridge is perhaps most evident in the specs of the top-end A12-9800 APU. Despite its 65W TDP, this chip's boost clock is only 100MHz short of the 4.2GHz the 95W A10-7890K can muster. The graphics processor on this chip also runs its 512 GCN stream processors considerably faster than the ones on the A10-7890K at their quickest: 1108MHz on the Bristol part versus 866MHz on the Godavari chip. Combined with the architectural improvements of the Excavator CPU cores over the Steamroller cores in the A10-7890K, the A12-9800 might be as fast as or faster than the Godavari part in practice (though it doesn't have that K chip's unlocked multiplier for easy overclocking). AMD wanted to make it clear which of its seventh-generation APUs are lower-TDP parts, as well, so it's bringing back the "E" suffix we've occasionally seen on other parts (the FX-8370E being the most prominent example). The A12-9800E, A10-9700E, and A6-9500E all slip into a 35W thermal envelope, at the expense of a couple hundred megahertz of clock speed for both their CPU cores and graphics processors. AMD's internal benchmarks suggest that Bristol Ridge desktop parts are nipping at the heels of Intel's Skylake processors for regular desktop tasks, although the usual truckload of salt should probably apply to all of these claims. For example, the company says that in PCMark 8 Home Accelerated, an A12-9800 APU delivers performance equivalent to a Core i5-6500. It's worth noting that the Accelerated version of PCMark 8 uses OpenCL for some of its tasks, however, a configuration which might favor the AMD chip's IGP. That powerful Radeon IGP does seem to give the A12-9800 a leg up in the 3DMark 11 Performance test. That benchmark runs at an undemanding 1280x720 resolution, and it's been superseded by the 3DMark Fire Strike and 3DMark Sky Diver benchmarks. Still, AMD says the A12-9800 doubles the performance of the Intel HD Graphics 530 IGP in the Core i5-6500 at 65W. The company also claims the 35W A12-9800E can deliver 88% better results in 3DMark 11 Performance versus the 35W Core i5-6500T. Those results might make that top-end Bristol Ridge APU well-suited for basic gaming, but we'd be interested to see more user-experience-centric numbers like frame times (or even just average FPS) for these IGPs. 3DMark's index scores might be handy for broad comparisons, but they don't tell us anything about the actual gaming experience one might have with an AMD IGP. For example, a $130-ish Radeon RX 460 4GB card like the one we recently reviewed turns in a 3DMark 11 Performance result of 9133 on one of our X99 testbeds, while the A12-9800's index score is actually just 3581 on its AM4 platform, according to AMD's materials. The RX 460 is what we would call a "solid" basic gaming experience, so we wouldn't expect to be blown back by the performance of the IGP on even this highest-end Bristol Ridge APU. AMD also goes out of its way to highlight the performance-per-watt of these chips relative to the Intel competition, and it's here we need to raise a red flag. The company performed its efficiency calculations by subbing in a 91W Core i5-6600K for the 65W i5-6500 in comparison to the A12-9800, and that same Core i5-6500 for the 35W Core i5-6500T in comparison to its 35W A12-9800E. We won't lend these results any credibility except to say that when the goalposts are this mobile, you can make any claims you want. We have no idea why AMD made this switcheroo—it's about as subtle as dropping a hot coal in someone's pocket.  Like Intel's recently-released Kaby Lake CPUs, Bristol Ridge offers hardware acceleration for the HEVC and VP9 video codecs. It's worth noting that these APUs can only perform hardware encoding and decoding of 4K content for HEVC, however—VP9 support is limited to 1080p content. Kaby Lake, on the other hand, can decode 4K VP9 content in hardware. Given that the next-generation codec wars still appear to be in full swing, Bristol's limited VP9 support may not be that important in the grand scheme of things. Tags: CPUs Page 1 - Introduction Page 2 - Chipsets fill another hole in the AM4 platform puzzle, What's next 80 comments View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu DEMANDING DIVERSITY This letter from an executive shows one simple way to ensure diversity Written by Ashley Rodriguez Obsession The Office September 06, 2016 Can diversity happen naturally? (Hewlett-Packard) Share Written by Ashley Rodriguez Obsession The Office September 06, 2016 Diversity in the workplace only occurs when bosses demand it. That’s the lesson US marketers are learning after accusations of sexist and racist behavior at major agencies put diversity back in the spotlight recently. Last week, Hewlett-Packard’s chief marketer Antonio Lucio sent a letter (paywall) to Hewlett-Packard’s US advertising agencies asking them to ensure that at least half of the top marketing roles on its account are held by women, which is the current gender makeup of Hewlett-Packard’s own internal marketing team. Lucio asked the agencies to submit formal plans for increasing the number of women in key creative and strategy roles within 30 days, and to make good on those plans over the next 12 months. If the agencies don’t comply, “we will re-evaluate our relationship and we won’t hesitate to make a change if it’s needed,” a spokesman for the company said. “Including women and people of color in key roles is not only a values issue, but a significant business imperative,” Lucio said in the letter, which was sent Aug. 30. “We make printers and personal computers. Who buys them? Women: 53 percent for computers, 45 percent for printers,” Lucio wrote. He added that Hewlett-Packard will take different approaches to diversity in different countries, and is starting by addressing women. Meanwhile, General Mills is reviewing its US creative and content agencies, and requiring that participating agencies have at least 50% women and 20% people of color staffed in their creative departments, Ad Age reported. And, in June, the Association of National Advertisers, a US advertising trade group, similarly called on advertisers to use their buying power to encourage diversity in media as part of its #SeeHer initiative, which aims to increase accurate portrayals of women and girls in the media. Companies outside of the advertising industry have had encouraging success with diversity after executives required it. After the Directors Guild of America’s 2014-2015 report on diversity in TV revealed that FX was the least diverse US TV network in terms of directors, network president John Landgraf sent a letter to its showrunners—the people who hire directors—asking them to make a change. Citing internal numbers in August, Landgraf said that less than half of the directing slots at FX went to white men, and 51% belonged to women and people of color. Technology company Intel also increased the share of its diverse hires nearly two-fold from 2014 to 2015 by mandating that women or people of color make up 40% of its hires in 2015. The US technology company more than met its goal; diverse hires made up 43% of hires last year, which boosted the number of women, African Americans, Hispanics, and Native Americans across career levels, the company reported. Mandates from important clients, like those from Hewlett-Packard and General Mills, could have a similar affect on advertising agencies. To be sure, some studies suggest that hiring quotas aren’t the best way to diversify workforces, because they don’t encourage workers to remain in their roles. Experts argue that companies should instead focus on finding diverse voices to organically improve diversity in the long run. Whatever the case, it’s encouraging to see brands like Hewlett-Packard and General Mills take it upon themselves to spread diversity beyond their own ranks. The full letter Hewlett-Packard sent to its agency partners is below. A Challenge to Agency Leadership August 30 Dear Friends, Earlier this month I spoke with you — the CEOs of all of HP’s advertising and marketing agency partners — to ask that we all join in making an important commitment to radically improve the percentage of women and people of color in leadership roles in our organizations. I’m delighted that without exception you gave your enthusiastic support for this pledge. How successful we are will define our legacies. So, as you set your goals and make your plans, I ask you to keep these points in mind: At HP, our vision is to make technology that makes the world a better place for everyone, everywhere. But we recognize that we can’t realize our vision if our business leaders don’t represent everyone, in color, gender, and geography. We take great pride that HP has the most diverse board of directors in the technology industry, and that we make diversity an explicit business goal. Yet I know we can do even more. I know we must do more. Including women and people of color in key roles is not only a values issue, but a significant business imperative. HP thrives on innovation. Study after study confirms that innovation is improved and accelerated by broad perspectives and diversity of thought. Marketers are expected to have deep understanding and insight about their markets, about decision makers, and about customers. We are more likely to create solutions that amaze our customers if our workforce represents the communities we serve. As a global company, we need to take a broad view of diversity as increased representation will take different forms in different countries. We have decided to start by addressing women. We make printers and personal computers. Who buys them? Women: 53 percent for computers, 45 percent for printers. We are focused on ensuring that our marketing department has the right talent composition to capture our business opportunities. Over the last 12 months we have invested in programs designed to ensure that at least half of our top marketing jobs are held by women. It is important to understand that these were not random moves to increase representation. Instead, they were new opportunities for high-potential people and strategic hires and the quality of our team output has never been better. To measure our own efforts, we are creating a scorecard that will track multiple levels of diversity of our own global marketing organization. We are far from perfect, and I know there will be challenges, but I am committed to immediate, global, impact, rigorously measuring our performance and being transparent about the gaps to overcome. I am asking the same of each of you. My expectation is that in the next 30 days, you will deliver formal plans – and within 12 months make good on those plans. Thank you for working to significantly increase the percentage of women in top creative and strategic roles on our account. We owe this to ourselves, to each other and to future generations. By making the important and necessary changes today, together we can bend the arc of history in favor of inclusion and opportunity. Now comes the proof of our commitment. Thank you for joining us. Antonio Antonio Lucio Chief Marketing & Communications Officer HP Inc. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money GrubHub Has Been Eating Through Its Gains DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Closing Bell: 3D Companies Climb on GE Deal; U.S. Stocks Edge Higher U.S. Stocks held slight gains through the afternoon after weaker U.S. services activity pushed back the chances of a September interest rate hike. Keris Alison Lahiff Sep 6, 2016 4:21 PM EDT U.S. Stocks held slight gains through the afternoon after weaker U.S. services activity pushed back the chances of a September interest rate hike. The Federal Reserve will meet in two weeks, but most analysts don't expect a move until December at the earliest.  Intel  ( INTC) climbed after acquiring semiconductor company Movidius for an undisclosed amount. Tech companies Alphabet and Lenovo Group are both clients of the company. 3D printing stocks rose, inspired by GE's ( GE) decision to purchase privately-owned specialists Arcam and SLM Solutions. Industry leaders Stratasys ( SSYS) and 3D Systems ( DDD) moved higher. Finisar ( FNSR) climbed after Stifel upgraded its stock rating to BUY from HOLD. The firm said the demand outlook has improved and upped its earnings forecasts over the next two years. Finisar will report earnings on Thursday. TheStreet's Keris Lahiff reports from Wall Street. If you liked this article you might like Nvidia's Deals with IBM, Microsoft and Google Strengthen Its Artificial Intelligence Lead Though competition abounds, Nvida's GPU investments and software ecosystem are big advantages in a booming market for powering AI tasks. Eric Jhonsa Nov 16, 2016 5:35 PM EST Cisco Investors Watch Earnings for Look Into the IT Market, Trump's Tech Effect CEO Chuck Robbins could provide investors with guidance on how the company would deploy a whopping $60 billion in overseas cash. Chris Nolter Nov 16, 2016 10:54 AM EST Apple Job Ads Hint at a Risk to Intel, Says Exane BNP A flood of Apple wanted ads for CPU and GPU designers suggests the company may be assembling a team to design in-house chips for its MacBooks. Paul Whitfield Nov 16, 2016 9:52 AM EST Jim Cramer's Top Takeaways: Talend, Nvidia Talend focuses on digital data trends; Nvidia is the new Intel, Jim Cramer says. Scott Rutt Nov 16, 2016 6:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 15 Great Jobs Where Workers Can Earn Over $100K a Year Is Nvidia Too Hot to Handle? Eli Lilly's Alzheimer's Drug Study Results Are Coming -- Here's What Investors Need to Know 10 High-Quality Stocks That Just Raised Their Dividends These 3 Investment Stocks Boast Dividend Yields of More Than 10% Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   On topic: Tech news to know now By Levi Sumagaysay / September 6, 2016 at 10:15 AM Here’s what’s going on in tech. Tesla CEO Elon Musk has asked employees to cut costs as the company prepares to raise more capital, Bloomberg reports. Intel is buying San Mateo-based chip maker Movidius as part of drone efforts. (Company announcement) Smartphone apps now account for more than half of all Americans’ time spent online, according to a new comScore report. That’s Silicon Valley real estate for you: Buyers seek out homes that aren’t even for sale. (NYT) PayPal, MasterCard sign deal that lets shoppers use PayPal in stores. Remember Jonathan Kaplan, the Flip camcorder creator turned founder and CEO of grilled-cheese sandwich chain Melt? He’s stepping aside as CEO but will remain chairman of venture-backed Melt. ICYMI: Apple. Google and other tech companies join the many supporters of Microsoft in its fight against the government over secret email searches. Also ICYMI: Facebook users’ bid to get class-action status for a lawsuit against the social network over advertisers’ data use is rejected. And Pokémon Go news: Russian could face five years in jail for playing the game in church — and posting a YouTube video about it.   Photo: A poster touting Apple iOS apps hangs at the Macworld Conference and Expo in San Francisco in 2009.  Apps now account for more than half of Americans’ online time, according to one report. (Associated Press) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr     More Posts in GMSV Off topic: Wild turkeys, loneliness, California state parks, toilet museum November 18, 2016   On topic: Tech news to know now November 17, 2016   Social media and the election: Fake-news writer feels bad, pro-Trump bots, more November 17, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Too many Asians in Silicon Valley? Trump’s alt-right… George Shultz’s grandson was a Theranos whistleblower, Tech companies and people on pro- and anti-Donald Trump… Shareholders to decide on future of Tesla, SolarCity and…     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Systems News 9 Gigabyte publishes BRIX Gaming UHD promo & installation videos by Mark Tyson on 6 September 2016, 12:46 Tags: Gigabyte (TPE:2376) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac6kz Add to My Vault: Gigabyte first showcased its BRIX Gaming UHD PC back at Computex, then we saw this much taller than usual BRIX at the Intel Developers Forum about a month ago. Now Gigabyte has got around to publishing a dedicated product page, a promotional video and an instructional video showing how to ready your barebones system for deployment. The Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD is flexible and suggested for use in home entertainment, or in place of a desktop system or games console. Last month there was talk about Gigabyte tweaking the BRIX Gaming UHD ahead of launch to accommodate one of the Nvidia GTX 1000 series of GPUs. Such an option doesn't look to be available for at least a couple of months with the publication of the full product page having no mention of GPU options. However, Gigabyte did confirm that a GTX 1050 upgrade is "very possible" in the comments of the YouTube video embedded at the bottom of this article. The key specifications are as follows: Features latest Intel 6th generation Core Processors Ultra compact PC design at only 2.6L (220 x 110 x 110mm) Discrete Graphic Nvidia GTX950 (4GB GDDR5) 2 x SO-DIMM DDR4 slot (2133MHz) 2 x M.2 SSD (2280) slot Intel IEEE 802.11 ac, Dual Band Wi-Fi & Bluetooth 4.2 NGFF M.2 card, Intel Gigabit Lan 2 x USB 3.1 (1* USB Type-C), 3 x USB 3.0 3 x Mini DP, 1 x HDMI 2.0 Headphone and Microphone jack In addition to the above, Gigabyte says that users can fit up to 2x 2.5-inch SSDs – allowing 4x fixed storage devices in total. The maximum RAM you can install in the two slots is 32GB (16GB x 2). In use Gigabyte claims the BRIX Gaming UHD is "super silent", varying between 23 – 36dB from idle to peak performance mode. For buyers of the Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD the firm has put together a handy video on how to open up this compact system to install the necessary RAM and SSD storage. Being a compact system it's not as straight forward as with a traditional desktop PC - for example the graphics card needs to swing out from the chassis to give access to the SO-DIMM and M.2 slots. Gigabyte hasn't supplied information regarding either pricing or availability. Related Reading 3 Nvidia's DGX SATURNV uses GPUs (and AI) to design GPUs The 28th fastest supercomputer in the world is crowned the world's most efficient. 4 HP Z2 Mini Workstation revealed at Autodesk University event "Industry's first-ever mini workstation," measures just 21.5 x 21.5 x 5.8cm. 2 MSI Trident claimed to be "world's smallest VR Ready gaming PC" Features MSI's interesting and exclusive Silent Storm Cooling 2 thermal design. MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 MSI teases Trident, a compact and lightweight "true gaming PC" Gigabyte Server Q&A with Craig Connell Aorus branded motherboards and graphics cards to target gamers HEXUS Week In Review: GeForce GTX 1050, Clutch G1 and Define C HEXUS Forums :: 9 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by sykobee - Tue 06 Sep 2016 13:53 Pedalbin. But otherwise pretty nice. Yeah, this needs a GPU upgrade to be truly interesting. Posted by excalibur1814 - Tue 06 Sep 2016 14:23 OMG It's UHD!!!! Posted by Valantar - Tue 06 Sep 2016 14:56 “Ergonomic Thermal Design” Eeeeeh, what now? Designed not to cause thermal injuries to users? I would say that's an expected feature for computers today. Perhaps I'm not used to bleeding-edge tech like this. Either that, or Gigabyte's PR Team needs a dictionary. Otherwise, this is a nifty little machine. Now, for an actual (end user) upgrade path for that GPU … Custom MXM with display outputs doesn't bode well for longevity. Also, given that every GTX 10XX card has increased TDP from its 9XX equivalent (well, the 1060 has the 960s 120W TDP, but consumes ~10W more), wouldn't a straight 950->“1050” upgrade be troublesome? Unless Nvidia slightly gimps the 1050, of course. Posted by ChewieJ - Tue 06 Sep 2016 15:24 Gaming? really? If your happy with your 15-20fps in game…. Posted by scaryjim - Tue 06 Sep 2016 15:32 Valantar “Ergonomic Thermal Design” Eeeeeh, what now? … Gigabyte's PR Team needs a dictionary. … Could just mean thermal design taking consideration of human factors. So minimising noise outputs and aiming to keep the warm air flowing away from parts of the machine a human has to interact with - many OEM computers are noisy and vent most of the warm air out the back (close to the majority of the ports) or the side (where it can easily warm up the area around a user's desk and, if the fan is strong enough, blow papers around). If they've designed the cooling to avoid those problems, I think “Ergonomic Thermal Design” isn't a bad description. Oh, don't get me wrong - it's cliche and pretentious. Just not necessarily innaccurate ;) SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 13 4 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU 4 5 Corsair Harpoon RGB 0 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 110 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 14 4 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 13 5 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,194 Forum posts: 2,558,971 Forum threads: 246,655 Currently active users: 610 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Editorials Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Editorials Wed, Sep 07, 2016 - Page 9　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple’s low-tax deal is no blueprint for Brexit Britain The sweetheart tax deals that Ireland offered to the global corporate elite are coming to an end, not because of the EU’s actions, but because they are not sustainable, politically or socially By Fintan O’Toole  /  The Observer Illustration: Mountain people One of the islands that makes up Papua New Guinea is called New Ireland. However, it seems that a much colder island far to the north might also wish to be called New Ireland — the island formerly known as Great Britain. In the wake of the European Commission’s ruling that Ireland must reclaim 13 billion euros (US$14.51 billion) plus interest in taxes from Apple, there is a good deal of excitement at the prospect of a post-Brexit Britain replacing its smaller neighbor in the affections of tax-shy global corporations. As the Daily Telegraph put it in an editorial: “If Ireland and the EU do not want a huge, wealth-creating firm doing business in their territory, Apple will be very welcome in the UK.” Welcome, that is, to use the UK as it has previously used Ireland — as a compliant state that will look the other way while vast profits pass through, untaxed. It is, on the surface, an appealing prospect. You only have to walk around Dublin or Cork to see that Ireland’s tax regime has been a honeypot for all the hottest digital corporations — not just the long-established ones like Apple, Microsoft and Intel, but the entire new wave of Internet behemoths: Google, Facebook, Twitter and so on. And the same is broadly true in other areas such as pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Little Ireland has a stock of US direct investment much larger than France and Germany combined. Ireland is the No. 1 location worldwide for investment by US chemical and pharmaceutical companies and No. 2 for tech companies. And no one thinks those corporations are attracted by the scenery. For the more excitable elements among the Brexiters, the EU’s ruling on Apple’s tax bill thus opens up a delirious prospect. The Brussels bureaucrats are moving against Ireland’s vigorously pro-business taxation policies, but Britain, when it throws off the shackles of the EU, will be free to swoop in and grab the golden eggs from the Irish nest. Apple and Pfizer, Facebook and Google, driven by EU persecution from the Emerald Isle, will seek asylum in the New Ireland next door, where the writ of the Eurocrats does not run and the government knows how to treat a corporation with the respect it deserves. Could there be any more dramatic illustration of both the evils of the EU and the thrilling possibilities of Brexit? However, there are two small questions about this strategy. Is it possible? And is it desirable? The answers might perhaps curb the enthusiasm of the true believers. There is, for a start, the small matter of whether, even after the EU tax ruling, Apple wants to leave Ireland for the UK or anywhere else. The answer could hardly be clearer — it does not. In an interview with Ireland’s national broadcaster RTE, Apple chief executive Tim Cook was full of indignation at the very idea that Apple might have benefited from illegal state aid in the form of a sweetheart tax deal. “When you are accused of doing something that’s so foreign to your values, it brings out an outrage in you, that’s how we feel,” he said. He made it clear that Apple will appeal against the 13 billion euros ruling and that it expected the Irish government to do the same. Those listening out for signs of a dismay that might be exploited by post-Brexit Britain will have been encouraged — up to a point. And the point at which the encouragement stopped was when Cook discussed Apple’s intentions. What will Apple do in benighted EU-ridden Ireland? Keep investing. 1 2 3 4 NEXT › This story has been viewed 2157 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-12 to 2016-11-19 Most read Most e-mailed 1 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 2 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 3 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 4 Chinese culture society snubs Tsai leadership 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 4 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
null
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Global Bluetooth Modules Market Outlook, Growth, Trends 2021 by Acute Market Reports Global Bluetooth Modules Market Outlook, Growth, Trends 2021 by Acute Market Reports By poonam   /   Tuesday, 06 Sep 2016 08:42AM   /   Comments Off on Global Bluetooth Modules Market Outlook, Growth, Trends 2021 by Acute Market Reports   /   143 views share Notes: Production, means the output of Bluetooth Modules Revenue, means the sales value of Bluetooth Modules This report studies Bluetooth Modules in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Atmel Intel Texas Instruments Panasonic Microchip TDK STMicroelectronics Adafriut Cypress Semiconductor Browse full report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/global-bluetooth-modules-market-research-report-2021    Fujitsu Advantech CEL Parallax Murata Silicon Laboratories Seeed Studio LS Research Maestro Wireless Laird Technologies ABRACON Taiyo Yuden RF Digital Zentri Bulgin Afero Anaren View all reports of this category @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/semiconductors-market Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Bluetooth Modules in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America China Europe Japan Taiwan Korea Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Blog URL – http://www.deepresearchreport.com/ Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Bluetooth Modules in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 About Acute Market Reports Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. Acute Market Reports provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade Acute Market Reports collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Acute Market Reports database consists of 200,000+ market research reports with detailed & minute market research. Contact: Chris Paul Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Phone (India): +91 7755981103 Toll Free (US/Canada):  +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com For More Information Click Here – Acute Market Reports Share this: Share on Tumblr Global Polymer Matrix Nanocomposites Market Size, Share, Growth 2016 by Acute Market Reports < Previous Global Adapter Boards Market Size, Trends, Outlook 2021 by Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: France Eye Contour Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Facial Contour Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Ultra Fine Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports Connect with us Latest News France Eye Contour Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on France Eye Contour Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on France Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Facial Contour Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on France Facial Contour Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports France Ultra Fine Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on France Ultra Fine Eye Liner Brush Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Fire-Proofing Coatings Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Fire-Proofing Coatings Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Fishpond Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Fishpond Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Glass Paint Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Glass Paint Market Size, share, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Printing and Dyeing Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Printing and Dyeing Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports French Special Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on French Special Coating Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports Worldwide Cream Shadow Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market ReportsNov 18, 2016, Comments Off on Worldwide Cream Shadow Brush Market Size, Growth, Opportunities, Outlook and Forecast to 2016 : Acute Market Reports Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Best Amazon Black Friday 2016 Laptop Deals Posted: Sep 6 2016, 9:22am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Credit: I4U News   Amazon offered the cheapest laptop on Black Friday last year. Amazon surprised last year with a Black Friday bargain laptop deal. Amazon offered a 15-inch Asus Laptop for $129. This was the lowest priced full featured Windows 10 laptop on Black Friday. Specifications included 4GB RAM, 500GB HDD and Intel Celeron CPU. It came with Windows 8.1 pre-installed and free Windows 10 upgrade. Don't Miss: Hatchimals Deals on Amazon.com Laptops are not as hot anymore as they have been, but many consumers still need one and can not do everything on a tablet or smartphone. Deals on laptops will be again featured in Black Friday 2016 sales. Besides rock bottom bargain laptops, Amazon will offer again deals on mid and high range laptops.  What you not going to see a are decent deals on Apple MacBooks. The lack of decent Black Friday deals on Apple products is biggest downside of the Amazon Black Friday sale. There is a lot of business that Amazon leaves on the table with not having deals on Apple products. Amazon is offering most if its deals with 3rd parties. Amazon needs to find an Apple retail partner. We have seen great Apple deals sold through eBay in the past, why not on Amazon? Best Amazon Black Friday 2016 Laptop Deals deals have not yet been announced. Shop the current laptop deals on Amazon.com. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25, 2016. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale will begin early November. The main Black Friday 2016 sales event will be a week long, beginning the Friday before Black Friday 2016. Amazon is going to offer special Black Friday 2016 deals for Prime members and on the Amazon shopping app. Prime members got a 30 minute early access to Black Friday deals last year. We expect that to be the case as well this year. An Amazon Prime membership is a must for Black Friday 2016. I4U News is again providing full coverage of Black Friday and Cyber Monday with all the hot deals you need to get and the Black Friday ads to read. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale: All Deal Details Live 25 minutes ago Xbox Store Black Friday 2016 Game Deals Announced 1 hour ago Bloomingdales Big Brown Bag Thanksgiving Sale launched 1 hour ago Sears Black Friday 2016 Deals Available Early 1 hour ago How to Get a $450 Best Buy Gift Card with Samsung Galaxy S7 Purchase on Black Friday 2 hours ago 14-Year-Old Girl Won Historic Ruling to be Cryogenically Frozen 20 minutes ago Human Brain has a Unique Fingerprint 47 minutes ago Nintendo Releases new Pokemon Games 1 hour ago Bruno Mars Album 24K Magic Released with Halle Berry Special 1 hour ago Another Mysterious Burst of Radio Waves Detected 1 hour ago Kanye West Says He Would Have Voted For Donald Trump 2 hours ago NASA Starts Space Poop Challenge to Solve Spacesuit Potty Problems 2 hours ago Victoria’s Secret Angel Elsa Hosk Reveals Secret to Body Confidence 2 hours ago Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary 3 hours ago The North Pole is 36 Degrees Warmer Than Normal 3 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Announced Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale: All Deal Details Live 25 minutes ago Xbox Store Black Friday 2016 Game Deals Announced 1 hour ago Bloomingdales Big Brown Bag Thanksgiving Sale launched 1 hour ago Sears Black Friday 2016 Deals Available Early 1 hour ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News 14-Year-Old Girl Won Historic Ruling to be Cryogenically Frozen 20 minutes ago Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale: All Deal Details Live 25 minutes ago Human Brain has a Unique Fingerprint 47 minutes ago Xbox Store Black Friday 2016 Game Deals Announced 1 hour ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications Posted on September 6, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Lanner today announced that its network appliance FW-7551 has been certified to be compatible with NTT Lagopus SDN software switch. New Taipei City, Taiwan (PRWEB) September 06, 2016 Lanner today announced that its network appliance FW-7551 has been certified to be compatible with NTT Lagopus SDN software switch. Lagopus, functioning as Open Source Software (OSS), is developed by NTT (Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation) to provide a high-performance and flexible functionality suitable for data centers and wide area network applications. In the mean time, Lanner has certified Lagopus as a software switch compatible with FW-7551 and potentially Lanner’s other network appliances. The exchanged co-certifications will enhance both parties to be even dynamic in the SDN ecosystem. The release of Lagopus by NTT is considered as an initiative to expand OSS-based SDN ecosystems by NTT. In recent years, the network virtualization is intensively discussed due to its high flexibility, scalability and investment optimization. By taking the software-oriented approach instead of a hardware orientation, Lagopus conforms to OpenFlow specifications and supports a wide range of mainstream network protocols in order to improve serviceability and stability. With DPDK, Lagopus is able to deliver high performance for SDN applications. Lanner, a global leader in network appliance manufacturing, has its FW-7551 certified as NTT Lagopus compatible software switch. During the process, Lanner also certified NTT Lagopus SDN virtual switch on its hardware platform for its usability and stability. The co-certification will enhance both parties to be even dynamic in the SDN ecosystem. Lanner’s FW-7551 is an Intel x86 based desktop appliance, empowered by Intel Atom CPU C2000 SoC up to 8-core and 8GB 1333/1600 DDR3 memory. As an ideal hardware device for SDN application, FW-7551 comes with built-in Intel QuickAssist crypto acceleration as well as full DPDK compatibility. With co-certification, the innovated NTT Lagopus vSwitch and Lanner FW-7551 will optimize the potential realize SDN/NFV-enabled network environment and shorten the system integrator development time in SDN applications. For more information on the new hardware device for SDN applications, please visit http://www.lannerinc.com About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/08/prweb13644703.htm Latest News Silicon Valley Community Foundation to Celebrate Five Winners of Corporate Responsibility Impact Awards myPharma Thinktank Launches Platinum Advisory Council Ellevate Network Honors Giving Tuesday at Nonprofit Panel and Expo CURE® Media Group Announces Glioblastoma Multiforme Heroes® Award Winners PacificEast Expands Telified Into Germany and India WhatHouse? announces the winners of UK housebuilding’s most coveted awards Stevens Institute of Technology Dedicates ABS Engineering Center Boulder Marriott Welcomes Guests and Locals to Thanksgiving at Canyons Restaurant and Bar this November Smart Device Maker Wants To Change The Way Pets Fight Cancer Mediaplanet’s “Lung Health” Campaign and The International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer Bring Lung Cancer Awareness to the Forefront this November © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: As the lead author of this site, I haven't even had a day off of work in over three years due to my commitment to enriching the Linux hardware experience and the financial struggles of running such an operation single-handedly. If you want to keep blocking ads, please at least consider joining the Phoronix Premium site to help ensure that this site can continue. Thank you. 7-Way Linux Distribution Benchmarks To Kick Off September Written by Michael Larabel in Operating Systems on 6 September 2016. Page 1 of 4. 9 Comments In testing out a new Broadwell-EP system as well as for final validation of the new Phoronix Test Suite 6.6, I carried out a fresh Linux OS distribution comparison last week. Here are those results from Ubuntu, Clear Linux, Scientific Linux, openSUSE Tumbleweed, Fedora, Antergos, and Sabayon Linux. The same Intel Xeon E5-2609 v4 Broadwell-EP system with MSI X99A WORKSTATION motherboard, 16GB of DDR4 system memory, dual OCZ TRION 120GB SATA 3.0 SSDs, and NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN X graphics card was used for this Linux distribution comparison. The new X99A WORKSTATION motherboard was kindly sent over by MSI and has been working out great with all my Linux testing, including the seven different distributions tested in this comparison. Tested cleanly out-of-the-box on this system was Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTS, Clear Linux 10040, Scientific Linux 7.2, OpenSUSE Tumbleweed 20160826, Fedora 24, Antergos 16.7-Rolling, and Sabayon Linux 16.07. It's a fun little comparison for those curious about the stock performance of all these modern Linux distributions. In the days ahead I'll add in some numbers with the various recent BSD operating system updates. All of the Linux benchmarks were conducted in a fully-automated and reproducible manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - Linux Distribution BenchmarksPage 3 - Linux Distribution BenchmarksPage 4 - Linux Distribution Benchmarks Page: 1234Next Page 9 Comments Related Articles Clear Linux Continues To Maintain Slight Graphics Lead Over Ubuntu 16.10 FreeBSD 11.0 Comes Up Short In Ubuntu 16.04 vs. macOS Sierra Benchmarks macOS 10.12 Sierra vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Linux Benchmarking TrueOS vs. DragonFlyBSD vs. GhostBSD vs. FreeBSD vs. PacBSD Benchmarks Trying Out Eight BSDs On A Modern PC: Some Are Smooth, Others Troublesome Trending Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) Mozilla Firefox 50 Readied For Release X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Microsoft Joins The Linux Foundation As A Platinum Member Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
New Products Trade Shows EMS Products Subscribe Media Kit Digital Edition Daily News Archive Add Folder Add Article Add Form Add Message Board Add Calendar Add Product KYZEN Invites All Women to the SMTA Women’s Leadership Reception at SMTAI NASHVILLE, TN - KYZEN today announced that it is a sponsor for the Surface Mount Technology Association (SMTA) Women’s Leadership Program during SMTA International for the fourth year since the event’s inception. The event is scheduled to take place Monday, Sept. 26, 2016 at 2 p.m. in Room 48 at the Donald Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont, IL. All women attending SMTA International are invited to attend the annual SMTA Women’s Leadership Connection Reception where women can come together to network and socialize. Priyanka Dobrial, Ph.D., Intel Corporation will chair the event with Michelle Ogihara, Seika Machinery, Inc. as co-chair. This will be followed by a panel discussion at 4 p.m. about the technical achievements of women, mentoring, and STEM initiatives. The afternoon concludes with the annual Women's Leadership Connection Reception with wine and hors d'oeuvres from 5-6 p.m. Fitness trackers will be given away at sign in for the reception. The SMTA membership is an international network of professionals who build skills, share practical experience and develop solutions in electronic assembly technologies, including microsystems, emerging technologies, and related business operations. For more information about the SMTA, visit www.smta.org. As sponsor of the networking event, KYZEN, a leader in environmentally responsible precision cleaning technologies, recognizes the unique and important role that women play in the industry, and wants to provide them the opportunity to connect and interact while at the conference. As an industry leader KYZEN continually provides exceptional support of the SMTA and has sponsored a variety of SMTA events over the years. In addition to the Women's Networking Event at SMTA International, KYZEN's "Where Science and Care Converge" marketing theme will be evident throughout the Conference. For more information, visit www.kyzen.com.   Daily News Archive Tech Op-Ed Tech Watch Supply Chain Management Front Page Articles Production Electronic Mfg. Products Business News Electronic Mfg. Services Product Previews People in the News Partnering Industry Articles Distribution New Products Trade Shows Hi-Tech Events Login Contact Us View Full Site search login {1} ##LOC[OK]## {1} ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## {1} ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]##
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Mobiliya Joins the Industrial Internet Consortium to Extend Its IoT Capabilities for Industrial Automation / Membership Will Leverage Device-to-Cloud Integration and Security Capabilities to Foster Innovations in Industrial IoT 06.09.2016 | 17:01 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Mobiliya Joins the Industrial Internet Consortium to Extend Its IoT Capabilities for Industrial Automation / Membership Will Leverage Device-to-Cloud Integration and Security Capabilities to Foster Innovations in Industrial IoT DALLAS, TX -- (Marketwired) -- 09/06/16 -- Mobiliya -- a company that delivers software engineering and system integration across the spectrum of devices, gateways, apps, and cloud platforms -- recently joined the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC), a partnership of industry, government and academia founded by AT&T, Cisco, General Electric, IBM and Intel focused on establishing best practices and growing the industrial internet. Mobiliya has continued to be at the forefront of system integration involving secure connection with varied devices, endpoints, gateways, cloud, and end-user applications. Extending this existing set of skills into the Internet of Things (IoT) space and eventually into the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) by being part of the Industrial Internet Consortium, gives Mobiliya a competitive edge to better showcase its connected solution development capabilities. The massive proliferation of connected devices along with the availability of ubiquitous sensing, intelligent connected machines and products have enabled the convergence of information technologies with operational technologies. Engineering organizations like Mobiliya are helping the IIC set up strategies and benchmarks that will facilitate industrial companies to transition from traditional setups to this new connected value chain with minimum effort. Mobiliya's practice in IoT is well-aligned with the goals of the Industrial Internet Consortium. With its product led engineering practice, use case innovation has always been and continues to be the key focus for Mobiliya. The company's system integration and solution development services in IoT are driven by detailed analysis of the seven layers of IoT -- from things / sensors / endpoints, protocols, to cloud, and end-user applications. The IIC along with Industry 4.0 is working to create industrial ecosystems built on the notions of interoperability and complementarity, and Mobiliya's end-to-end capabilities will be of great benefit for the consortium in this regard. "With our rich capabilities in device-to-cloud integration & security, Mobiliya is committed to contributing -- along with other IIC members -- towards IIC's goals to develop reference architectures and frameworks for interoperability, to influence the global development standards process for internet and industrial systems, and to actively collaborate on real world problem scenarios and solutions," said Krish Kupathil, founder and CEO of Mobiliya. "Internet-of-Things in industrial scenario is complex and operates on a range of devices, machinery, apps, cloud services etc. where all of these must be connected and operate securely," said Dr. Richard Soley, Executive Director, Industrial Internet Consortium. "We look forward to the expertise that Mobiliya brings in with respect to system integration and security for the connected ecosystem and to the contributions they will make in helping to define the Industrial Internet." For more information, visit www.mobiliya.com. About Industrial Internet Consortium The Industrial Internet Consortium is an open membership organization with about 250 members from 30 countries, formed to accelerate the development, adoption and wide-spread use of interconnected machines and devices, intelligent analytics and people at work. Founded by AT&T, Cisco, General Electric, IBM, and Intel in March 2014, the Industrial Internet Consortium catalyzes and coordinates the priorities and enabling technologies of the Industrial Internet. The Industrial Internet Consortium is managed by the Object Management Group® (OMG®). For more information, visit www.iiconsortium.org. Note to editors: Industrial Internet Consortium is a registered trademark of OMG. For a listing of all OMG trademarks, visit www.omg.org/legal/tm_list.htm. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. About Mobiliya Technologies: Founded in 2011, Mobiliya provides device-to-cloud software engineering and system integration services with specialization in Internet-of-Things, enterprise software, augmented reality, embedded systems, security and automotive. Mobiliya's engineers take pride in delivering high quality end-to-end solutions for the world's leading companies. Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, the company has global engineering and delivery centers based out of USA, Canada, India, China and South Korea. For more information, visit www.mobiliya.com. Media Contact for Mobiliya: Alex Farrar alex@beyondfifteen.com O: 949.733.8679 ext. 109 C: 760.917.4509 © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
  Guru3D.com Forums > Videocards > Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Strange issues with Palit GTX 1070 Super Jetstream User Name Remember Me? Password Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce This forum is all about NVIDIA graphics cards and related technology. Do you have a question regarding an older GeForce videocard? Likely we have the answer.   Thread Tools Display Modes Strange issues with Palit GTX 1070 Super Jetstream   (#1) Goakhley Newbie   Videocard: GTX 1070 / 8 GB Processor: Intel Core i5 Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: be quiet 750W Strange issues with Palit GTX 1070 Super Jetstream - 09-06-2016, 07:58 | posts: 3 Hi, I purchased a new monitor with 1440p and G-Sync (previous was 1080p and without G-Sync). I also purchased a new GPU, the Palit GTX 1070 Super Jetstream with 8 GB (previous was Gigabyte GTX 780 Windforce with 3 GB). I am using a Z97-A Motherboard, Intel i5 4690K, 16 GB RAM, Win 7 Prof. x64. and a Samsung SSD. After installing the new GPU, I installed the latest nvidia drivers. It did not feel like a lot has changed, I tried several games and reached bad results, e.g. Fallout 4 on medium settings, approx. 35 fps. Warhammer Total war only 30 fps, Witcher 3 only 25 fps. So I tried to use DDU, downloaded it, booted in safe mode, applied it and then installed all drivers again. The result was awesome, Fallout 4 on highest settings over 70 fps, Total War about 80 fps, Witcher 3 over 60 (on Ultra). The strange thing is now that these results declined overtime after rebooting the PC a couple of times. e.g. instead of 80 fps, Total War reached only 60 (with same settings). At the moment it is back to about 25-30 fps. I have no clue why it behaves like this. THe GPU has a GPU CLock of 1633 MHz (Boost: 1835). When watching it in GPU-Z, I saw the values "GPU Core Clock" and "GPU Memory Clock" reaching about 1999 MHz. Isn't this too high? I ran out of ideas how to fix this Can anybody help? Thank you.     Goakhley View Public Profile Find all posts by Goakhley     (#2) alanm Ancient Guru     Videocard: 1070 AMP! Processor: i5-3570k Mainboard: Asrock Z77 Pro4 Memory: 16gb HyperX 1866 Soundcard: SB Zx PSU: XFX Pro 750w 09-06-2016, 11:09 | posts: 6,740 Quote: Originally Posted by Goakhley The strange thing is now that these results declined overtime after rebooting the PC a couple of times. e.g. instead of 80 fps, Total War reached only 60 (with same settings). At the moment it is back to about 25-30 fps. I have no clue why it behaves like this. Only this game? Sounds like a game related memory leak issue. Encountered it once before in Skyrim a few years ago.     alanm View Public Profile Find all posts by alanm   (#3) Goakhley Newbie   Videocard: GTX 1070 / 8 GB Processor: Intel Core i5 Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: be quiet 750W 09-06-2016, 11:57 | posts: 3 Quote: Originally Posted by alanm Only this game? Sounds like a game related memory leak issue. Encountered it once before in Skyrim a few years ago. No, same for Fallout 4, Witcher 3 etc.     Goakhley View Public Profile Find all posts by Goakhley   (#4) endbase Master Guru     Videocard: MSI GTX 1070 Gaming X 8G Processor: Intel core i7 Mainboard: Asus Ranger viii Memory: 16 GB Soundcard: Maudio Mtrack 2 plus PSU: 600 watt corsair 09-06-2016, 12:05 | posts: 385 | Location: Netherlands I would check the OS that you are running it sounds to me an software related thing not realy hard ware but could be wrong     endbase View Public Profile Find all posts by endbase     (#5) Goakhley Newbie   Videocard: GTX 1070 / 8 GB Processor: Intel Core i5 Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: be quiet 750W 09-06-2016, 13:04 | posts: 3 Quote: Originally Posted by endbase I would check the OS that you are running it sounds to me an software related thing not realy hard ware but could be wrong Ok, how to do that?     Goakhley View Public Profile Find all posts by Goakhley   (#6) CronosX9x9X Master Guru     Videocard: MSI1070 Gaming X Processor: Intel i7 3820 4.5ghz Mainboard: ASUS P9X79 PRO Memory: 16gb GSkill Sniper 1866 Soundcard: Creative Zx PSU: CORSAIR 750wtx 09-07-2016, 08:44 | posts: 391 That's crazy I never new a software issue could have that much impact on graphics related performance. Maybe a full wipe of everything could handle the situation and backup all your data and see if that helps. And also 1999mhz is not to high if anything 1070's should be able to go allot higher but nvidia kinda cut the cards b@lls off alil so the highest is around 2100Mhz. Mine goes to 1936mhz on default oc and goes to 2136mhz on oc. I get like a 4-6fps jump in certain games from it just on core and more efficient mem with a solid +700 increase. I always wondered about 1440p performance with the 1070 seems like it would struggle with new games like Battlefield 1 and such.     CronosX9x9X View Public Profile Find all posts by CronosX9x9X   (#7) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W 09-07-2016, 16:55 | posts: 8,394 | Location: USA Can you install windows 10 on a separate drive just to test if issue is fixed?     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#8) Eoma Newbie   Videocard: Palit GTX 1070 SJS Processor: Core I5 4570K @ 3.9Ghz Mainboard: Asus Maximus VI Hero Memory: Hyperx Beast 16GB 2400Mhz Soundcard: Logitech Z5500 PSU: Corsair AX760 09-08-2016, 03:28 | posts: 26 | Location: Malaysia Should be a software issue. Running the same card (replacing a R9 290) with no issues.     Eoma View Public Profile Find all posts by Eoma   (#9) biggerx Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX 1070 FTW Processor: i5-6600k @ 4.6 GHz Mainboard: ASUS Z170 PRO GAMING Memory: 16GB Vengeance @ 2400 MHz Soundcard: Digidesign M-Box Pro/BX5s PSU: EVGA SuperNova G2 650w 09-08-2016, 08:14 | posts: 3,544 | Location: Los Angeles Quote: Originally Posted by Agent-A01 Can you install windows 10 on a separate drive just to test if issue is fixed? Yeah should definitely do a fresh install of windows.     biggerx View Public Profile Find all posts by biggerx « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top

Latest News Dow 18,875 -29.22 -0.15% Nasdaq 5,326 -7.51 -0.14% S&P 500 2,183 -4.24 -0.19% 1:07 P.M. ET ‘Trump trade’ sparks stampede out of bond funds into stocks 1:07 P.M. ET Dec. WTI oil trades at $45.28/bbl, down from $46.13 before rig data 1:07 P.M. ET Baker Hughes: U.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count climbs by 20 to 588 1:07 P.M. ET Baker Hughes: U.S. weekly active oil-rig count jumps up by 19 to 471 1:05 P.M. ET 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 1:03 P.M. ET Seanergy Maritime's stock plunges after share offering prices at deep discount 12:59 P.M. ET Yellen can’t sate Trump appetite for smaller Fed role in economy, Goldman Sachs says 12:49 P.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Stock market retreats as dollar continues bullish streak 12:47 P.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 12:41 P.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 closes lower, with mining shares hurt by dollar’s strength 12:41 P.M. ET How to save money on holiday cards this year: Go digital 12:41 P.M. ET Nothing in health care is a sure thing under President-elect Trump 12:38 P.M. ET Dec. WTI oil gains 11 cents, or 0.2%, to $45.53/bbl 12:38 P.M. ET WTI oil turns higher as volatile trading on Nymex continues 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 12:21 P.M. ET Updated Travelling This Thanksgiving? Here's How to Cope Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Digital Trends Announces 2016 “Best of IFA” Award Winners By Published: Sept 6, 2016 9:36 a.m. ET Share Editorial Team Selects Most Outstanding Products Across Eight Categories PORTLAND, Ore., Sep 06, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- DigitalTrends.com revealed its Best of IFA 2016 award winners, celebrating the top tech offered by Europe’s largest consumer electronics show. Digital Trends’ team of nine writers, editors and video producers spent last week in Berlin getting hands-on time with the latest products and hot new technologies on the floor of the international trade show. The staff narrowed down the field to eight categories – Home, Computing, Wearables, Latin Innovation, Audio, Video, Cool Tech and Mobile – and selected their 11 favorite products unveiled at IFA. “Our 2016 Best of IFA Awards recognize the best new products that represent the pinnacle of their categories,” said Jeremy Kaplan, Editor in Chief, DigitalTrends.com. “Using their expert knowledge and experience reviewing and testing products, our team scoured the trade show floor to select the most innovative products that improve life for consumers in a variety of ways.” Winning products are selected based on multiple criteria, including use of innovative technology, design, ease of use, and their ability to enhance people’s lives in new ways. The winners of Digital Trends’ Best of IFA Awards 2016 are: Best of Show: Lenovo Yoga Book This flexible notebook offers a dual-purpose touchscreen surface, serving not only as the computer’s keyboard but digital notepad as well. The hidden ability to take notes on-the-go, paired the with the versatility of either an Android or Windows operating system, made this device stand out. Best Audio: Audeze iSine 10 Sporting the first single-driver planer magnetic in-ear design, the iSine was top-to-bottom an elegant pair of headphones. Filtering out the din of a tradeshow floor was no issue, and its compatibility with a traditional 3.mm and Apple Lightning cable made these something to swoon over. Best Computing: Lenovo Yoga 910 This venerable 2-in-1 still stands apart from the crowd with its ability to bring many innovations together in one package. The latest Intel Core processor, a thin-bezel display and solid state hard drive at an affordable price drive a hard bargain. Cool Tech: Yuneec Breeze & Botspot Drones have become the belle of the ball at many of the recent tradeshows, but Yuneec continues to wow the crowds year after year. Its Breeze drone offers the first 4K camera for under $500, making it a must-have for filmmakers or drone enthusiasts. Its capable flying and range of automated flight modes offer a hint of what can be had on more expensive devices, while still being approachable. Botspot’s giant 3D scanner is an incredible piece of technology as it is, essentially, a cylindrical rom with walls made of light and a series of DSLR cameras. Using some photo-magic called photogrammetry, Botscan can capture minute details that can then be used across a variety of applications from architecture to virtual shopping. Best of Home: LG InstaView Signature Fridge and Netatmo Smart Valve LG’s InstaView Signature Fridge lets users raid the fridge without even opening the door, thanks to a smart display that turns transparent when you tap on it. Further plans for Windows integration allow this appliance to truly become the center of your kitchen. Netatmo’s Smart Valve replaces users’ standard radiator knobs with an attractive piece of technology that allows them to control their thermostat via a phone bridge, even if the apartment hasn’t been completely outfitted for a smart system. Its easy-install and uninstall make it ideal for apartment dwellers. Best Latin Innovation: Solidmation A new face in the world of the Connected Home, Solidmation is a new platform for IoT devices to help users save and automate their homes’ most mundane tasks elegantly. Using just the Wifi connection in the home, Solidmation devices easily gain smart features, even if they had none before. Best Mobile: ZTE Axon 7 Mini A scaled down version of the company’s Axon 7 still manages to impress us, with the company shrinking nearly every component – even the price – into a 5.2-inch design. Remarkable audio makes this handset a stand-out with its dual front-facing speakers. Best Video: Philips 901F 4K UHD OLED TV OLED TVs have taken center stage and Philips latest 901F 4K entrant is sure to drive competition into the market. Vibrant colors and saturated blacks make images pop, and the company’s ear-mounted LEDs create ambient light that helps create a more immersive experience. Best of all, the price makes it a solid competitor, just begging to be added to your living room. Best Wearable: Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung’s Gear line continues to impress with its latest iteration of the connected smartwatch. This year’s Gear S3 Frontier still sports the Tizen operating system, but after consultations with Swiss manufacturers borrows a lot of its looks and functions from traditional timepieces. Coupled with swiveling bezel and Always-On display made famous in the S7 and Note 7, the device could easily be mistaken for an analog watch. Learn more at http://www.digitaltrends.com/features/top-tech-of-ifa-2016-award-winners/ About Digital Trends Digital Trends is a leading consumer technology publisher helping people navigate an increasingly digital world. With easy-to-understand product reviews, entertaining news and videos, Digital Trends serves more than 24 million unique visitors each month. Digital Trends reaches 90 million tech influencers through their own media network, and its syndicate partners include Yahoo!, FOX News and more than 200 broadcast news stations. Digital Trends is headquartered in Portland, OR with offices in New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Detroit, and Chicago. For more information, visit www.digitaltrends.com. Follow us @digitaltrends on Twitter | digitaltrendsftw on Facebook | @digitaltrends on Instagram View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160906005895/en/ SOURCE: Digital Trends For Digital Trends Kritika Bansal, 646-428-0616 digitaltrends@allisonpr.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

