Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Electronic Design Search: Store Subscribe About Us Contact Us RSS Advertising Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technologies 4G Analog Android Boards Communications Components DSPs Dev Tools Digital ICs Displays Electromechanical Embedded FPGAs Interconnects IoT Memory Microcontrollers Microprocessors Passives Power Power Sources Test & Measurement WiFi Windows iOS News Products Trends & Analysis Image Galleries Markets Automotive Defense Energy Lighting Medical Mobile Robotics Learning Resources Engineering Essentials Design Solutions What’s The Difference Between… Ideas for Design Salary Survey Salary Calculator White Papers Basics of Design eBooks  Webcasts 2016 Leaders in Electronics Design FAQs Data Sheets Reference Designs 11 Myths About... Electronic Design Library Community Blogs Bob Pease Contributing Technical Experts Engineering Hall of Fame Interviews Our Editors STEM Starter Tournament Pop Quizzes Engineering Bracket Challenge Companies Company Directory Part Search Advertisement Home > Technologies > Microprocessors > Intel Buys Chip Startup Movidius, Betting on Machines That See and Think Intel Buys Chip Startup Movidius, Betting on Machines That See and Think Sep 9, 2016 James Morra | Electronic Design EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 An image from FLIR's Boson thermal imaging camera. Earlier this year, the company said that it used Movidius' vision chips with the Boson's imaging cores. (Image courtesy of Movidius). For years, Intel has traded in a familiar brand of computing. It creates the tiny processors inside desktop computers, laptops, and data centers powering internet services like email. But lately the chipmaker has eyed specialized processors that handle images better than keystrokes. Last year, Intel licensed chip technology from General Vision, a small machine vision chipmaker, for its wearable Curie module. Earlier this year, the company said it was buying Itseez, a startup that writes machine vision algorithms for different types of hardware. Brian Krzanich, Intel’s chief executive, has stressed that its FPGA chips can be used for processing and classifying images. On Tuesday, Intel added to its stockpile of machine vision hardware, announcing plans to buy chip startup Movidius. With customers like Google and Lenovo, the startup is known for making low-power SoCs that find patterns and recognize objects in images. Related Mobileye Reveals Specs for Future Autonomous Driving Chip Seeing is Believing in Embedded Machine Vision Intel Buys Machine Vision Developer Itseez The chips consume so little power that they can perform image recognition without help from the cloud. That, according to Josh Walden, general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group, makes them ideal for tiny connected devices that make decisions based on what they see. That includes everything from smartphones and sensors to security cameras and drones, he said in a blog post. “Computer vision will trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute,” said Walden, referring to the evolutionary event that started more than 540 million years ago and produced most of the major animal groups on earth. Movidius’ chips are based on its vision processing unit (VPU), which takes tricky machine vision tasks out of the main processor’s hands. A standard processor would consume too much power and generate too much heat handling the same tasks. VPUs sip a few hundred milliwatts, making it sensitive to the batteries inside tiny devices. In addition to the hardware, Movidius also develops algorithms for deep learning, a type of program that forms abstract concepts by studying huge amounts of data. Movidius’ chips are efficient enough to conduct deep learning tasks, like identifying objects, inside devices. Usually, these tasks are carried out in the cloud, which handles most of the processing. Intel said that it would work toward using Movidius’ chips with its RealSense 3D cameras, which are designed to sense depth and track human motion. The combination, according to Intel’s Walden, could be used in technologies ranging from collision avoidance for drones to eye tracking for virtual reality headsets. Intel has fiercely promoted its RealSense camera in recent years. At the Intel Developers Conference last month, it was the focal point of several big announcements, including Intel’s Project Alloy virtual reality headset and autonomous drone piloting system. A new version of the RealSense camera also factored into the new Euclid and Joule modules. “When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that’s just the beginning,” said Remi El-Ouazzane, Movidius’ chief executive, in a blog post about the deal. He said that merging Intel’s cameras with Movidius’ chips will enable devices to “understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly.” Investors have also acknowledged the potential for Movidius’ vision chips. Founded in 2006, the fabless chipmaker defied investor apathy for chip startups and raised $86.5 million in funding. The San Mateo, Calif.-based company has about 180 employees. Movidius also supplies chips to the same hardware makers that Intel is courting with its own processors. Google used the chips inside its Project Tango tablets and later licensed Movidius’ processor design for other devices. In June, Lenovo said that it is using Movidius’ vision chips in its virtual reality headsets. The chipmaker has also worked with drone manufacturer DJI and thermal camera maker FLIR. Neither company revealed terms of the deal. But Intel has not been stingy in acquiring new chip designs. It paid $16.7 billion last year to acquire Altera's FPGA technology. Last month, technology news site Recode reported that Intel paid over $400 million for Nervana Systems, a start-up making server chips for artificial intelligence. Founded in 2014, Nervana had raised $24.4 million in funding. For Intel, the acquisition marks its latest bet on the Internet of Things, which it has said is the fastest growing part of the company. It represents another ripple from Intel’s decision this year to eliminate 12,000 jobs and de-emphasize its PC business. El-Ouazzane said that Movidius dovetails with Intel other business efforts around cloud computing and 5G wireless networks. “Movidius has been attacking this challenge from the device level,” he said in a blog post. “At Intel, we will be part of a team that is attacking this challenge from the cloud, through the network, and on the device.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 user-1230872 on Sep 12, 2016 Intel’s RealSense platform was the star of its Intel Developer’s Forum conference in San Francisco last month and it seems the company is only looking to grow the scale and capabilities of its computer vision tech. Thank you for this post. essaysorigin.com/ Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Seeing is Believing in Embedded Machine Vision Intel Buys Machine Vision Developer Itseez Mobileye Reveals Specs for Future Autonomous Driving Chip 4 Q&A: Embedded Vision Alliance Founder Jeff Bier on Visual Intelligence’s Future What 3D Image-Capture Method Best Fits Your Needs? Search Parts Fast Search by number or manufacturer SEARCH   powered by:   Advertisement Hiking the Wireless Wilderness Q&A: Exploring Millimeter Waves for New Devices Interview with Neil Bullock, Lattice Read Now Medical IoT How Will the Internet of Medical Things Change Healthcare? By Mark Patrick Read Now Advertisement Latest Products Electronic Design’s Products of the Week By Electronic Design Staff Read Now Advertisement Search Parts Fast Search by number or manufacturer SEARCH   powered by:   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Advertisement ElectronicDesign.com Technologies News Markets Learning Resources Community Companies Part Search Site Features Media Center Newsletters RSS Site Archive Sitemap Submit Articles View Mobile Site Penton Corporate About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search ElectronicDesign.com Search: PISCES Electronic Design Related Sites Machine Design SourceESB Microwaves & RF Power Electronics Hydraulics & Pneumatics Defense Electronics Global Purchasing Electronic Design Europe Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Apple Inc. Integrate Intel Corporation's Modem Tech in Future A-Series Processor? Not anytime soon, if ever. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 9, 2016 at 7:05PM A wafer of Intel chips. Image source: Intel.  After Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) recent iPhone launch event, it became clear that the iDevice maker had opted to use cellular modem chips from microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) for a solid portion of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models. Interestingly, in the wake of the launch event, analyst Tim Arcuri with Cowen and Company speculated (via Barron's) that, at some point in the future, Apple and Intel could deepen their collaboration. In particular, the analyst thinks Intel could license its modem technology to Apple for integration into a future A-series processor. That integrated processor, then, would be manufactured by Intel. Is such a scenario likely any time soon? I would actually argue, "No." Here's why. The amount of risk Apple would take in this scenario would be much greater The risk that Apple took on by using an Intel modem for the iPhone 7 is fairly minimal. Had Intel failed to deliver with the modem, Apple had a perfectly acceptable backup solution: simply launch the Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM)-powered iPhone 7 into all regions. The modems in this case are discrete components and Apple has multiple potential sources, so the risk of a show-stopping issue related to Intel (a new entrant into the iPhone supply chain) was pretty much nil. However, if Apple and Intel were to collaborate in the fashion that Arcuri suggests, the amount of risk the iDevice maker takes on becomes substantially greater. First of all, in such a scenario, Apple wouldn't have two modem suppliers, it would have one. To be blunt, Intel's track record with respect to modems is getting better, but Qualcomm is still the "proven" supplier. This means that if Intel hit a roadblock with its modem technology, it would derail Apple's launch schedule. Additionally, even if Intel executes as needed on the modem side of things, there would still be the risk associated with integrating that modem technology onto the same piece of silicon as Apple's A-series processor. If something went wrong with that integration process it would, once again, force a delay in Apple's product launch schedule. The risk doesn't end here, either. Apple has been using proven contract chip manufacturer Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) to manufacture its chips. Intel is a world-class manufacturer of chips, but to date it has only manufactured chips designed by Intel's in-house teams (and Intel still relies on third party contract chip manufacturers for some product lines, including the very modems that it's currently selling to Apple). It has not proven itself as a capable and reliable contract chip manufacturer. So in this case, Apple moves away from a proven partner that has been able to ramp new technologies on schedule to a completely unproven contract chip manufacturer. This sounds risky to me. This may be possible at some point far in the future, but not anytime soon What Arcuri suggests might be possible at some point in the distant future. Once Intel has built a long and successful track record of delivering world class modems on schedule, and once Intel has proven itself as a contract chip manufacturer, then maybe such an arrangement would be possible. However, such a deal -- were it ever to happen -- would very likely be many years away. Given the fast paced nature of technology, predictions going that far out aren't particularly useful.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 9, 2016 at 7:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.08 up $0.13 (0.12%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.68 up $0.01 (0.01%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.50 up $0.03 (0.10%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.81 down $0.21 (-0.60%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Difference between revisions of "Speaker Series" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 12:45, 1 September 2016 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Testimonials) ← Older edit Revision as of 14:32, 9 September 2016 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Wednesday, October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation) Newer edit → Line 57: Line 57:   <p>Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation.</p></BLOCKQUOTE>   <p>Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation.</p></BLOCKQUOTE>     − * Speaker: [https://freedom.press/about/staff/harlo-holmes Harlo] strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective [https://guardianproject.info/ The Guardian Project]. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of [http://www.deeplab.net/#what Deep Lab], a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. + * Speaker: [https://freedom.press/about/staff/harlo-holmes Harlo] is the Director of Newsroom Digital Security at the [https://freedom.press/ Freedom of the Press Foundation]. She strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective [https://guardianproject.info/ The Guardian Project]. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of [http://www.deeplab.net/#what Deep Lab], a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014.       * Mozillian Host: [https://mozillians.org/en-US/u/aurelia/ Aurelia Moser]   * Mozillian Host: [https://mozillians.org/en-US/u/aurelia/ Aurelia Moser] Revision as of 14:32, 9 September 2016 Contents 1 Overview 2 Program Goal 3 Testimonials 4 Upcoming Speakers 4.1 Wednesday, October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation 4.2 COMING IN 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google 5 Previous Speakers 5.1 Thursday September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel 5.2 July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University 5.3 May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired 5.4 April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal 5.5 March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners 5.6 February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack 5.7 January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook 5.8 December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August 5.9 October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp 5.10 September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt 5.11 August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics 5.12 July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX 5.13 May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston 6 Submitting a Speaker Idea Overview Each month Mozilla hosts speakers from tech and related industries to address topics tied to our mission and to nearer-term business objectives. Broad themes include: User-centered design Validated learning (build-measure-learn) Exceptional quality Disciplined execution Radical collaboration ...which help us execute against Mozilla's 2016 planning Top Line Guidance areas: Build for Quality Invite Participation Be Clear Compelling and Focused Grow our Influence Prototype the Future Ideas for speakers are solicited from Mozillians on an ongoing basis using this speaker submission form. Preference is given to practitioners i.e. those with hands-on experience in their particular subject area. The speaker(s) will present live from a mozilla office and be streamed to the rest of the offices via Air Mozilla and publicly archived for subsequent viewing. We encourage speakers to allot at least 15-20 minutes for Q&A. Typical in-person attendance is 20-30 with remote attendees ranging from 100-200; follow-on views are available to our thousands of community members and the public. Program Goal Our goal is to engineer individual connection points and create compelling opportunities beyond day-to-day work for office-based staff to come together in our spaces (in most cases) to share an experience and interact with the those they may not normally work with. Face-to-face chats among people with different skills might spark new ideas, lead to new solutions or at the least, increase workplace camaraderie. Our ultimate goal is to improve performance, innovation and overall engagement. Testimonials "Genevieve showed us how designing data-rich experiences for humans often ignores important nuances and dualities that are present in life." --September 2016 "There are human choices built in to the design of our technology systems, and Genevieve provided some examples of this (e.g. turning off mail servers) that I will use." --September 2016 "The opportunity to reflect on the unchanging constants of human behaviour and contrast them with the technology-driven product decisions we often make was illuminating." --September 2016 "When building the next technologies of services, data sets, etc we need to ask ourselves if it plays into what is meaningful to the human race of family/friends, secrets/lies, community. Or we need to solve the challenges that have plagued us, time/reputation/forgetfulness. This is a great basis for Mozilla to start from when "prototyping the future." --September 2016 "The most important thing I learned from Tina was about framing the question, because I often assume that solving the 'function' is solving the problem, when it is not. Zoom out to fall in love with the problem." --July 2016 "Kevin was my favorite speaker yet! Thank you! It was very apropos to the direction we're going with Firefox being the 'personal browser.'" --May 2016 "Please keep it running as long as possible - it's an excellent forum!" --May 2016 "Kirsten was GREAT. I don't think the lessons folks learned as mid-level managers in explosively growing social companies apply to Mozilla. But I do think Wohlberg's lessons apply to us." --April 2016 "This series is really great. Focus on Product seems to be the theme and is a much necessary one for us now. Thanks for bringing them. It really helps." --March 2016 "April addressed some questions that were particularly apropos to a project I'm working on. It was interesting to see how Slack faced the same problem!" --February 2016 "Jocelyn's talk was brilliant. She presented a very insightful and productive way to reframe the conversation about release management. Just what we needed right now. Great choice!" --January 2016 "The speaker was very good, had thought-provoking ideas, yet delivered those ideas in a tasteful and relaxed way. I am likely to share and recommend my friends to go watch the video recording later." --December 2015 "This speaker was especially relevant and valuable because she provided tangible and actionable information in addition to being thought-provoking." -- October 2015 "Seeing speakers like this are really heartening to see at Mozilla. I think it will drive some really impactful change." -- September 2015 "Bringing in subject matter experts from the outside help us push our sometimes-bubble-like thinking. It's very easy to get caught up in our own 'laws' and constraints but hearing best practices such as Hitten will help us open our eyes a bit more. I'm excited because his presentation was spot on and hopefully expanded our horizons a bit." -- August 2015 "Really learned to think differently about a lot of things and also 'argument' differently when discussing new features or ideas. Always think about the user value, and how what you are working on will hinder or improve the user experience." -- July 2015 "This felt like the most interesting speaker so far, perhaps because it was directly relevant to our day-to-day work. He was also quite a good speaker, which helps. Getting people to talk about areas where we think we could do better or use a different perspective seems like a good general strategy." -- July 2015 "I love getting an outside perspective from an expert in an area. We spend a lot of time talking to ourselves so that outside perspective is awesome." -- May 2015 "The talk was engaging and the Paris employees loved the 'Brantina' idea and felt more a part of the conversation." -- May 2015 Upcoming Speakers Wednesday, October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, October 12 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Metadata is the new data ... and why that matters Maybe it’s when the person you had a bad date with on Tinder shows up in your “people you may know” feed in Facebook. Or when you accept the default settings on your Android phone and share all of your transit habits with Google. Those moments might lead you to suspect considerable information about you and your behavior (aka “metadata”) is being harvested, shared and saved. But you had no reason to predict that. Nobody told you what was being gathered, or who it was being shared with. Or maybe they did, in a long, detailed unread terms of service. Today’s proliferation of mobile devices and platforms such as Google and Facebook has exacerbated this extensive, prolific sharing about users and their behaviors in ways most do not understand. Announcements about Facebook encrypting Messenger and WhatsApp appear to be encouraging ways of protecting your data... but they belie a different story of splintered approaches to metadata collection and silos among major platform providers. Similar disparities exist among how browsers treat metadata. So while the actual content of our messages may be encrypted, dangerous legal, financial, political and even medical implications to metadata remain. The impact of information about what you do (and when you do it) has yet to be explored or defined, let alone systematized. Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Speaker: Harlo is the Director of Newsroom Digital Security at the Freedom of the Press Foundation. She strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective The Guardian Project. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of Deep Lab, a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. Mozillian Host: Aurelia Moser Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS COMING IN 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 29 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Data and People: A Discussion with Google’s former SVP of People Operations Laszlo Bock When Google’s head of People came out with the bestselling book Work Rules! last year, he debunked many myths. Adopting an experiments-based approach with their people, his team was able to gather data challenging commonly accepted assumptions about hiring, compensation, performance evaluations, training and more. For example, in 2010 Google's research showed that junior, female software engineers were not getting promoted at the same rate as their male counterparts. Digging deeper, the team discovered differing self-nomination rates. Men, who in many cultures are typically more comfortable self-promoting, were nominating themselves at higher rates than their equally qualified but, on average, less self-promoting female peers. To address this, a senior leader shared the data with Googlers and encouraged all engineers to self-nominate when ready, and told managers to keep their eyes open for promo-ready Googlers. Eventually, promotion rates equaled out. Of course, Google isn’t mozilla: for one thing, Google has over 60,000 staff in over 70 offices in 40 countries around the world. But the work and findings from Google - whose staff typically provide statistically-significant and rich data sets - can be useful references as we strive to create a mozilla that is diverse, innovative and, at our core, puts people first. On September 29, Mozilla's Larissa Shapiro will interview Laszlo. She’ll dig deeper into the approaches and learnings Google has taken with people and data, and help us uncover how these types of approaches apply to the science and art of people management at mozilla. Speaker: Currently a senior advisor to Google, from 2006 to 2016, Laszlo Bock served as SVP of People Operations, leading Google's people function responsible for attracting, developing, retaining, and delighting "Googlers.” He believes that giving people freedom and supplementing our instincts with hard science are steps on the path to making work meaningful and people happy. During Bock's tenure, Google was named the Best Company to Work more than 30 times around the world and received over 100 awards as an employer of choice. In 2010, Laszlo was named "Human Resources Executive of the Year" by HR Executive Magazine. He is the author of "WORK RULES! Insights from Inside Google to Transform How You Live and Lead," which has been named one of the top 15 business books of 2015. He has testified before Congress on immigration reform and labor issues and been featured in The Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the PBS Newshour and on the Today Show. Bock's earlier experience spans executive roles at the General Electric Company, management consulting at McKinsey & Company, start-ups, non-profits, and acting. He (briefly) held the world record for Greek Syrtaki dance (along with 1,620 others). Host: Larissa Shapiro Questions: In advance submit them on Moderator During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #mozSS Previous Speakers Thursday September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel Location: Mozilla Portland + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 1 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Being Human in a Data-Filled World In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Dr. Genevieve Bell is responsible for corporate sensing and insights at Intel. She leads a cross-discipline foresights community that delivers insights into significant societal, technical and global trends. At Mozilla she’ll deliver what she terms “more of a meditation and conversation than a talk” on what it means to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. This sounds high level but it's also practical: we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. Speaker: An accomplished anthropologist and researcher, Genevieve Bell joined Intel in 1998. During that time, she has helped drive Intel’s focus on user experiences and led various teams of social scientists and designers. She has been granted a number of patents for consumer electronics innovations throughout her career, with additional patents in the user experience space. She is the author of numerous journal papers and articles. She was named an Intel Fellow in 2008, a vice president in 2013 and a Senior Fellow in 2016. In addition to her position at Intel, Bell is a highly regarded industry expert and frequent commentator on the intersection of culture and technology. She has been featured in publications such as Wired, Forbes, The Atlantic, Fast Company, the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She is also a sought-after public speaker and panelist at technology conferences worldwide for the insights she has gained from extensive international field work and research. Mozillian Host: Dietrich Ayala Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University Location: Mozilla MV + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, July 20 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Invention Cycle: Going From Inspiration to Implementation Are you stuck on where to go with your product and need an infusion of creativity? Do you struggle with brainstorming new ideas? Coming up with new solutions? Bringing fresh ideas to life and ultimately to market is not a well charted course. In July, our guest Tina Seelig will share a new model, the Invention Cycle, that taps into our innate capabilities of imagination and creativity to help us innovate better. Tina’s framework captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and to bring breakthrough ideas to the world. We’ll learn: - Crisp definitions for imagination, creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship - Clear roadmap for progressing from the seed of an idea through implementation - Concrete attitudes and actions needed to bring ideas to fruition We’ll also be joined by a group of mozillians(1) who recently spent a half day working with Tina; they'll share how these learnings have translated directly into their roles at mozilla. (1) David Bialer, David Bryant, Greg Jost, Jean Gong, Jet Villegas, Martin Best, Rosana Ardila, Tim Murray, Jen Bertsch and Rina Jensen Speaker: Tina Seelig is passionate about creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship. As Professor of the Practice in the department of Management Science and Engineering, faculty director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and a founding member of the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design (d.school) at Stanford's School of Engineering, she works with others who embrace the idea that entrepreneurs do much more than imaginable with much less than seems possible. After earning her Ph.D. from Stanford University Medical School in Neuroscience, Tina has worked as a management consultant, multimedia producer, and was the founder of a multimedia company. She’s also written 17 books and educational games, including The Epicurean Laboratory and Incredible Edible Science, published by Scientific American; and a series of card games, called Games for Your Brain, published by Chronicle Books. Her newest books, published by HarperCollins are What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20 (2009), inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity (2012), and Insight Out (2015). She’s been honored to receive significant recognition of her work, including the Gordon Prize from the National Academy of Engineering, the National Olympus Innovation Award, the SVForum Visionary Award, and several university teaching awards. Host: Rina Jensen Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Deck materials also in this post May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC Topic: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends already in motion. Wired founder Kevin Kelly has an optimistic roadmap for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. These deep trends—flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—overlap and are codependent on one another. And they will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate. By understanding and embracing them, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Join us as mozilla's John Jensen interviews Kevin on these trends: what exactly are they, how are they playing out in our world, and what can we do as technologists ourselves to ensure they contribute to the future we want. Speaker: Kevin Kelly is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine. He co-founded Wired in 1993, and served as its Executive Editor for its first seven years. His new book for Viking/Penguin The Inevitable will be released in early June 2016. He is also founding editor and co-publisher of the popular Cool Tools website, which has been reviewing tools daily since 2003. From 1984-1990 Kelly was publisher and editor of the Whole Earth Review, a journal of unorthodox technical news. He co-founded the ongoing Hackers’ Conference, and was involved with the launch of the WELL, a pioneering online service started in 1985. His books include the best-selling New Rules for the New Economy; the classic book on decentralized emergent systems, Out of Control; a graphic novel about robots and angels, The Silver Cord; an oversize catalog of the best of Cool Tools; and his summary theory of technology in What Technology Wants (2010). Host Interviewer: John Jensen Questions: Submit questions for Kevin & John during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS #theinevitable April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: When Change is the Only Constant, Org Structure Doesn’t Matter While it may be true in tech that “change is the only constant,” some changes are bigger than others. Things like…deciding to develop an OS as well as a browser. And an app. Focusing on devices beyond phones. Changing our approach to advertising and content. Instilling an entire culture of experimentation and measurement across functions. These types of shifts can impact job roles, titles, tools - in short, they impact all the stuff of our daily work. Whether an organization is decentralized or command & control, these kinds of changes are never simple nor straightforward. There’s no silver bullets. And yet, when done thoughtfully and holistically, significant change management can make the difference between life and death of a product, an organization and its community. As a leader of major change efforts at PayPal, Salesforce and Charles Schwab, Kirsten Wolberg has moved a global organization to agile development and helped change the overall ownership of her organization. She'll draw off these experiences and share we might manage the changes happening at Mozilla. Speaker: Kirsten Wolberg currently serves as Vice President, Talent at PayPal, leading the talent acquisition, performance and learning teams. She also holds the role as Separation Executive for PayPal leading the PayPal separation program as part of the eBay/PayPal tax-free split. Kirsten was selected to lead the newly created Talent organization for PayPal to bring her deep background in technology, operations and transformational change leadership to the talent function. She is leading the innovation to reimagine Talent for the newly independent PayPal. Prior to her current roles she led the chief operating functions for PayPal Technology including technology strategy, planning, M&A, quality, transformation, employee engagement and the PayPal Open Source Office. Previously, she was Chief Information Officer (CIO) at salesforce.com and divisional CIO for Corporate Technology at Charles Schwab. Kirsten is on the Board of Silicon Graphics International. She is also Trustees for. Additionally she is a Board Member of the Greater Bay Area chapter of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Year Up Bay Area, and Jewish Vocational Services. Kirsten holds a BS degree in Finance from USC and an MBA from J.L. Kellogg School of Management. Host: David Slater Questions: Submit questions for Kirsten during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: The Role of a Product Manager - and Everyone Else "The job of a product manager is to help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users.” Seems simple - but anyone who has worked on a product knows it’s not. At what point are you ready to ship? What is the right product? How do you know when you’ve built it? And often more complicated than it sounds: who are your users? The best PMs are less product thought leaders and visionaries (though they certainly may be), but moreso shepherds of stakeholders and builders of processes to sort through these critical challenges. While they typically don’t produce tangible artifacts such as code or mockups, the ultimate success of the team and product can hinge on the effectiveness of the product manager. In short, product management done well helps make companies and products much better. But when done badly, it can significantly hurt a company and team. Speaker: As an investment partner at Greylock, Josh Elman invests in entrepreneurs building social networks and platforms, mobile apps, new media, and connected devices. Josh specializes in designing, building, and scaling consumer products, having been part of multiple companies that have grown to more than 100 million users. Before joining Greylock, Josh spent 15 years in product and engineering roles at leading companies in social, commerce, and media. Josh was the product lead for growth and relevance at Twitter, growing Twitter’s active user base by nearly 10x. Prior to Twitter, Josh worked on the platform at Facebook and led the launch of Facebook Connect. Josh was an early employee at LinkedIn and helped establish early models for user growth and launched v1 of LinkedIn Jobs. Josh also held roles leading product management for Zazzle, and product and engineering for RealJukebox and RealPlayer at RealNetworks. Josh currently serves on the boards of Medium, Meerkat, Operator, and Super. Josh also works closely with our investments in Nextdoor and Whosay. Josh led Greylock’s investment in SmartThings, which was acquired by Samsung in 2014. Josh holds a BS in Symbolic Systems with a focus on Human Computer Interaction from Stanford University. Deck Host: Justin Crawford Questions: Submit questions for Josh during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina, #mozSS February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Building Products with Partners: Interview with Slack's April Underwood Building products is complex. Building products with partners, considerably moreso. Varying resources, goals, strategies and cultures pose challenges. But partnering well on products is often worth the effort. This month April Underwood, head of all product & partnerships at Slack, will draw from her experiences at Google, Twitter, Travelocity and more to help us navigate the complexities of marrying products and partnerships. She'll be interviewed by our very own Bertrand Neveux, who has built products with partners for most of his career at and leading up to Mozilla. Speaker: April Underwood is head of Platform at Slack, a messaging platform that has evolved into a diverse ecosystem of partners. There, she drives key growth initiatives and oversees platform products, partnerships, API integrations and developer relations. She previously worked on products for Travelocity, Apple, Google, Climate Corp (Weatherbill). Just before joining Slack, April led teams of Product Managers as Director of Product on Twitter’s fast-growing Advertising (Ads API, ads.twitter.com) and Data (Firehose, Gnip) products. She was also a PM for the Tweet Button and Twitter API, and built Twitter's Business Development team from the ground up to strike strategic partnerships with firms including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, EA, Salesforce and Adobe. And while she used to write code (and sometimes writes term sheets as an angel investor), her first love is building and leading product teams and working with engineers and designers to build and launch great products that people want to use. Host: Bertrand Neveux Questions: Submit questions for April during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtags: #mozSS #brantina January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Right Way to Build Software: Ideals Over Ideology Add-ons. Advertising. Dogfooding. Email clients. Mozillians form strong opinions on all sides of these (and other) topics, often for legitimate reasons. We’re not alone. Leading software firms such as VMWare and Facebook also grapple with contentious technology and process issues, and Jocelyn Goldfein has firsthand experience of this. She's led engineering teams building software for both consumers and the enterprise; apps and the web; and for license fees and for free. These teams are like us: they debate how to best release software - and a host of other issues. Drawing from these experiences, Jocelyn will provide frameworks for how Mozilla can navigate these discussions effectively to drive better outcomes. Speaker: Jocelyn Goldfein has held senior engineering leadership roles spanning from high-growth companies like VMware and Facebook to small startups. She is a widely recognized industry spokesperson on scaling engineering operations, mobile engineering, and diversity in tech. Goldfein currently is an independent angel investor and advisor to startups. As Director of Engineering at Facebook she led Facebook’s push on mobile infrastructure and quality, initiating major new investments in architecture and tooling and helped guide Facebook’s transition to “mobile first.” She launched new product initiatives in search, news feed, and photos. She also drove strategic engineering operational initiatives, including overhauling Facebook’s approach to technical recruiting. More on Jocelyn at her website. Deck Host: Nick Nguyen Questions: Submit questions for Jocelyn during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Optimizing for Uncertainty: Deciding and Moving Quickly The web is increasingly complex and dynamic. How can larger software organizations keep up with this rapid, perpetual change? In the natural realm, 'complex adaptive systems’ allow for flux and change in tumultuous environments. Our December speaker will draw on these models to illustrate how modern organizations can decide and move quickly. Mike will share how leading tech and product organizations are not simply adapting to increased change, but innovating and thriving in these dynamic environments by: operating around networks vs hierarchies distributing authority processing information effectively embracing structured and facilitated methods for collecting feedback and gaining consent on group action. Speaker: Mike Arauz is a Founding Member and Acting President at August, a New York based consulting firm that builds high-performing teams for the world’s most meaningful missions. Previously, Mike was a Partner at Undercurrent, where he worked with leaders of global companies to transform how their organizations work and thrive in the 21st century, including GE, Pearson, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mike is also a co-author of the Responsive.org manifesto and a leading contributor to the global self-management and future of work movement. Deck Host: Jim Cook, CFO, Mozilla Recommended pre-watch: Mitchell’s 2nd Portland Keynote on Decisionmaking October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Data As Empathy To build products people love, you must understand those people. User research and user-centered design help get us there, but once we have a sense of how our audiences think and behave, how can we go beyond the anecdotal to extrapolate to the macro? What ways can we better understand the needs of millions of users who think, act and operate differently than us? Our October speaker Frances Haugen will share from her product management and software engineering experiences with products used by millions of Google and Yelp customers. She'll help us understand how data - done 'right' - connects us to millions of users we don't know personally. And she'll outline what doing data right means for product development, and how product owners can build things their users love. Speaker: As both a Senior Product Manager, Software Engineer and Data Scientist for companies including Yelp and Google, Frances has worked at the intersection of data, design and humans throughout her career. An Electrical and Computer Engineering undergrad, Frances says she sees the world as comprised of hi and low cast filters. Host: Matt Grimes, User Advocacy Deck Questions: Submit questions for Frances during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: “Should I put it on Yammer?” How do you respond when people at Mozilla ask you this? Do you sigh, roll your eyes, let out a small resigned laugh? Most of us know that many seemingly-benign posts (this one now the stuff of legends) can sometimes devolve into a debate nobody expected, necessarily wanted or knows what to do with. Not always, but enough to cause some communications platforms to be feared by some and occasionally counterproductive. This outcome, of course, is not confined to Yammer, nor is the behavior confined to Mozilla. Our September Brantina speaker, Deanna Zandt, has generously volunteered to speak with us about the neuroscientific dynamics of online communications. She’ll provide a deeper understanding of how our brains work when we’re engaged in online discussions which can help us communicate better, make better decisions, be more productive, and ultimately engage with more people driving richer, more dynamic outcomes. Speaker: Deanna Zandt creates and implements web strategies supporting civic engagement and cultural agency, drawing off her background in linguistics, advertising, telecommunications and finance. She’s worked with The Ford Foundation, Deutsche Telekom, Planned Parenthood, and Jim Hightower’s Hightower Lowdown; and has also advised the White House on digital strategy and public engagement. Deanna has been a regular contributor to Forbes.com, as well as NPR’s flagship news program, “All Things Considered” and is a frequent guest on MSNBC, CNN International, BBC Radio and Fox News. Host: Doug Turner Deck Questions: Submit questions for Deanna during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, August 13 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Hiten Shah will share his ideas and experience with growth hacking, a scrappy marketing technique developed by technology startups, and how it specifically applies to Mozilla. Larger companies that embrace this approach (examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Airbnb and Dropbox) use creativity, analytical thinking, and social metrics to gain product exposure and grow their market share quickly. Speaker: Hiten Shah is cofounder and president of analytics companies KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg; he also advises startups. Host: Jascha Kaykas-Wolff Deck Questions: Submit your questions for Hiten in advance here, or during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Tom Chi has worked in disciplines ranging from astrophysical research to Fortune 500 consulting to developing new hardware and software (web & client) products and services. He’s worked on large projects of global scale (Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Search), and scaled new projects from conception to significance (Yahoo! Answers from 0 to 90 million users). He also co-founded GoogleX, the semi-secret group responsible for cutting edge projects including the autonomous driving vehicles, contact lenses that monitor glucose through tears and balloons in the stratosphere that provide Internet access. Topic: Tom will talk about his approach to rapid prototyping using 'native' materials like paper and foam core to create and test experiences. Using this method, he has led teams to work more effectively and quickly, building state of the art (see above for examples) products as part of an ongoing innovation process. Host: Josh Carpenter Deck Workshop adapted from Tom's talk, from Mozilla Learning Network Questions: Submit your questions for Tom in advance here. May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Kate Heddleston, a software engineer in San Francisco, does a lot of speaking on the people-dimensions of software development and engineering management best practices. Her focus is on how software gets made, as well as on what it does. Topic: Kate shares her thoughts on the topic of onboarding new hires - what it takes to do that well, particularly in an engineering environment - and the 'team debt' that results when we do it poorly. Kate also shared some of the fairly immediate things individual teams can do to reduce the debt. Deck. Questions submitted to Kate in advance are here. Submitting a Speaker Idea We will give special consideration to speaker ideas submitted by Mozillians! Criteria for speakers is outlined above. Tell us how and why your speaker will appeal to a broad set of Mozillians here. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Speaker_Series&oldid=1147346" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
null
12,595,987 members (60,990 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as IoT Stats 1.6K views Posted 9 Sep 2016 Industrial Use Case and Tutorial: Intel® and the IBM Watson IoT Platform Intel Corporation, 9 Sep 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This guide describes the implementation of an industrial use case using Intel® IoT Gateway and the IBM Watson IoT Platform running on IBM Bluemix. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. This guide describes the implementation of an industrial use case using Intel® IoT Gateway and the IBM Watson* IoT Platform running on IBM Bluemix*. The building blocks for implementing this use case are described in Connecting to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform with Intel® Gateway IoT Software Suites. That guide covers setting up an Intel IoT Gateway, connecting sensors, setting up the IBM Watson IoT Platform running on Bluemix, and connecting the gateway to the Watson IoT Platform so that you can send real-time sensor data to the cloud for storage and processing. Use Case and Business Imperative The use case is a facility for storing bulk sugar used in industrial baking. The ideal storage conditions for sugar are at a temperature of 20–25°C with a relative humidity (RH) of 55–60 percent. When stored under proper conditions, sugar has a shelf life measured in years. When conditions are outside ideal ranges, several issues arise: Temperature greater than 25°C promotes caking because water vapor is released. An RH less than 50 percent promotes caking, hardening, and loss of flowability. An RH greater than 70 percent promotes syrup formation, tackiness, and mold and yeast growth. Temperature variations up and down cause the release of water vapor and recrystallization, which results in agglomeration (sticking together). It also leads to crust formation on storage container walls. The storage facility has traditionally used manual techniques to take periodic temperature and humidity measurements at the beginning and end of the work day, evaluate the readings to detect issues and take corrective actions, and maintain records for historical purposes. This process is labor intensive, doesn’t measure conditions 24 hours a day every day, and can fail to detect temperature up/down cycles that degrade the sugar. It’s also difficult to evaluate the storage conditions over long periods of time, which is important, as the amount of sugar stored fluctuates throughout the year due to variations in baking cycles. The storage facility wants to expand its business but realizes that its current approach to managing storage conditions won’t scale. After conducting a series of business strategy sessions involving the marketing, sales, IT, and operations teams, the company identified several operational objectives to help grow and scale the business: Automate the process of continuously measuring temperature and humidity in the storage silo. Automatically detect temperature or humidity issues and alert the operations team so that it can take corrective actions. Have all the measurement data in one place so that up/down variations in temperature can be detected and evaluated over time (including as the seasons change). Be able to view current and historical measurement data. Have the data in a computerized format so it can be used to demonstrate to prospective customers how the company ensures a high-quality product through continuous monitoring of storage conditions. Implementation Approach To implement this use case, you’ll use the following components. Use Connecting to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suites to get these components up and running. Intel® IoT Gateway and Temperature/Humidity Sensor An Intel® NUC Kit DE3815TYKE gateway running an Intel® Atom™ processor will reside onsite at the storage facility. The gateway will be used to control an industrial temperature and humidity sensor (OMEGA* RH-USB) mounted in each storage silo. It has a stainless steel housing and is suitable for either wall or duct mounting. The sensor measures temperature from -17 to 49°C (±1°C accuracy). It measures RH from 2 percent to 98 percent (±3 percent accuracy). The sensor provides standard USB output, which you use to read temperature and humidity data using the gateway. You will write the software on the gateway in Node-RED*, which is a graphical tool for wiring Internet of Things (IoT) applications. The gateway software will periodically read the sensors, format and combine readings into a measurement data set, and securely transmit the data to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform for further processing. IBM Bluemix Bluemix is a cloud platform for hosting scalable services, applications, and data. You will use it to run the IBM Watson IoT Platform and IBM Watson IoT Platform Analytics Real-Time Insights services. IBM Watson IoT Platform The IBM Watson IoT Platform allows you to connect devices and gateways securely to the Bluemix cloud so that you can exchange data with other services and applications. It also provides tools that allow you to view device status and monitor real-time device data feeds. IBM Watson IoT Platform Analytics Real-Time Insights This service allows you to monitor and contextualize data from your devices and gateways, visualize what’s happening in your operations, and respond through automated actions. You’ll use this service to create rules and automated actions driven by the temperature and humidity measurements coming from the gateway. Prerequisites and Overview of Changes Connecting to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suites provides step-by-step details for setting up your Intel® IoT Gateway with an RH-USB sensor, establishing a Bluemix account, and creating instances of the IBM Watson IoT Platform and IoT Real-Time Insights services on Bluemix. Complete those steps, and then verify that real-time temperature and humidity readings appear on the gateway’s Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal and real-time temperature appears on the Watson IoT Platform dashboard. That configuration will be the basis for changes and additions to implement this use case. Gateway Changes On the Intel® IoT Gateway, you’ll make the following changes to the base configuration described in Connecting to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suites: Modify the Node-RED flow to treat the RH-USB sensor as a separate device attached to the gateway. Report temperature and humidity in a combined data message sent from the gateway to The IBM Watson IoT Platform. IBM Watson IoT Platform Changes On the IBM Watson IoT Platform, you’ll make the following changes to the base configuration described in Connecting to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suites: Create a new device type for the OMEGA RH-USB sensor. Enable historical data storage in the IBM Watson IoT Platform. Send sensor data to IoT Real-Time Insights using a data schema. Create rules that monitor temperature and humidity thresholds and trigger actions when they are out of bounds. Create actions to send a text message and email when temperature or humidity readings are out of bounds. Implementation Details To implement the use case, you must make some changes and additions to both the gateway and the IBM Watson IoT Platform using what was covered in Connecting to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suites as the starting point. Log in to the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub and your IBM Watson IoT Platform account using two separate browser sessions. You want to be able to access both systems quickly during these steps. You make changes marked with Gateway on the Intel IoT Gateway. Make changes marked with IBM Watson IoT Platform on the IBM Watson IoT Platform service and changes marked with IoT Real-Time Insights on the IoT Real-Time Insights service. Gateway: Your starting Node-RED flow in the Intel IoT Gateway Developer Hub looks like Figure 1. This flow reads the RH-USB temperature and humidity sensor once per second, displays real-time temperature and humidity values in the Intel IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal, and sends the temperature readings to the IBM Watson IoT Platform, where they’re displayed on the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard. Figure 1. The starting Node-RED flow in the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal. IBM Watson IoT Platform: Complete the following steps: On the Devices page, click the device types tab, and then click Create Type. Click Create device type, and then set the name to RH-USB and the description to Temperature and humidity sensor. Click Next. On the template page, select the Manufacturer and Model check boxes, and then click Next. Set the manufacturer to Omega and the model to RH-USB, and then click Next. Leave the optional metadata blank, and then click Create. You should now see two device types in the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard (Figure 2). Figure 2. Your two devices in the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard. Click the browse tab, and then click Add Device. Choose the RH-USB device type, and then click Next. For Device ID, type RH-USB-1, and then click Next. Leave the optional metadata blank, and then click Next. For Security, you’ll use Auto-generated authentication token, so click Next to use that option. Review the summary page, and then click Add. After adding the device, you see the device credentials. Copy the Organization ID and Authentication Token strings to a text file and save it for later use (Figure 3). After you close this page you won’t be able to see the auto-generated authentication token again, and you would have to re-create the device to get a new one. Figure 3. Credentials for your RH-USB device. You should now see two devices in your device list in the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard (Figure 4). Figure 4. You have now added two devices to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. Gateway: On the Node-RED canvas, double-click the RH-USB node, and then click Edit flow. The details of the RH-USB node open in a new tab (Figure 5). Figure 5. The details of your RH-USB node open in a new tab. Click the plus sign (+) shown in callout 1 in Figure 5 to increase the number of outputs from 2 to 3. Doing so adds a third output that you can reposition to be below output 1 on the flow. Double-click the function node (see callout 2) to edit it. Increase the number of outputs to 3, add the extra code shown in Figure 6, and then click Ok. Figure 6. Extra code for the new function node. This change causes the third output of the RH-USB node to emit a combined temperature and humidity object that you’ll use to send temperature and humidity measurements to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. Wire the third output of the function to output 3, and then add a comment node to describe the third output. The resulting flow should look like Figure 7. Figure 7. The flow after wiring the third output of the function node to output 3 and adding a comment node. Deploy your flow changes to the gateway to make them active. On Sheet 1 of your Node-RED flow, drag another IBM Watson IoT Platform output node onto the canvas and set its properties as follows (Figure 8): Connect as: Gateway (Registered) Credentials: Watson IoT Gateway Credential Device Type: RH-USB Device Id: RH-USB-1 Event type: event Format: json Name: Send to Watson IoT Registered w/Device ID RH-USB-1 Figure 8. Properties for the new output node. Click Ok. Note that you’re specifying the RH-USB device type and RH-USB-1 device instance that you created in the IBM Watson IoT Platform. You set up the Watson IoT Gateway Credential in Connecting to the IBM Watson IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suites; it defines the name and device ID of the gateway itself. Delete the Node-RED wires going into the Send to Watson IoT Quickstart and Send to Watson IoT Registered nodes, and connect a wire from the third output of RH-USB to the input of Send to Watson IoT Registered w/Device ID RH-USB-1. This path sends the temperature and humidity data to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. The updated flow should look like Figure 9. Figure 9. The updated flow after connecting a wire from the third output of the RH-USB node. Deploy the updated flow to make it active on the gateway. IBM Watson IoT Platform Navigate to the Devices page and click the RH-USB-1 device. In the Recent Events section you should see a series of events: These are the temperature and humidity readings coming from the gateway. Click an event to see the reported data. At this point, you have live temperature and humidity data flowing from the RH-USB sensor to the gateway. The gateway combines and preprocesses the data, and then generates data packets that it sends to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. Next, you add functionality to the IBM Watson IoT Platform to process the data packets. IoT Real-Time Insights Go to your Bluemix dashboard, and then click IoT Real-Time Insights to access the IoT Real-Time Insights dashboard. You must define a schema that describes the data packet coming from the sensor. To do so, complete the following steps: In the navigation links toward the top, click Devices, and then click Manage Schemas. Click Add new message schema. On the Message Schema page, in Name, type Temperature_Humidity. Click Link data source, and then choose Intel IoT Gateway for Data source. For Device type, choose RH-USB. Leave Event set to + (All events), and then click OK. Click Add data points, and then choose Add from connected device. Select d, temperature, and humidity, and then click OK. Verify that your schema looks like Figure 10, then click OK to add it. Figure 10. Your new message schema. Navigate to Devices, then click Browse Devices. Click RB-USB-1. You should see live sensor data, which should match the readings on the gateway’s Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal (Figure 11). Figure 11. The sensor data in your gateway’s Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal. Next, add business logic to monitor temperature and humidity conditions and send email and text alerts when they are out of range. To do so, complete the following steps: Navigate to Analytics, and then to Rules. Click Add new rule. Set the following fields (Figure 12): Name – Temperature problem Description – Temperature is outside desired range Message schema – Temperature_Humidity Figure 12. Adding rules for your sensor data. Click Next. Now you see the rule editor, which is organized as a series of "If This Then That" (IFTTT) rules. If conditions use AND and OR logic to define trigger conditions. You define one or more actions in the THEN section to perform actions when the trigger conditions occur. To monitor the storage temperature range, define an IF condition that detects temperature readings too low or too high. Complete the following steps: Click New condition. Complete the data fields as follows: Compare to: Select Data Point. Data point: Click Select data point, and then choose temperature in the d data set. Operator: Choose <. Compare with: Choose Static value. Value: Type 20. Click OK. Click the plus sign under OR, and then add another condition for temperature > 25: Compare to: Select Data Point. Data point: Click Select data point, and then choose temperature in the d data set. Operator: Choose >. Compare with: Choose Static value. Value: Type 25. Figure 13 shows the complete dialog boxes. Figure 13. Completed properties for your IF…THEN rules. Click Trigger every time conditions are met, and then set the frequency requirement to trigger if conditions are met 10 times in 15 minutes (Figure 14). Figure 14. Set the frequency requirement for your IF…THEN condition. Click Save. In the THEN section, click New action, and then click Add action. You’ll create an email action that sends a notification email to the operations team. Fill out the fields as follows, and then click OK: Type: Send email Name: Send email to ops team To: <Email address to receive notifications> CC: <Additional email address, if desired> Subject: Temperature problem in sugar storage Select Prepend with "IoT Real-Time Insights alert" Figure 15 shows the completed dialog box. Figure 15. The completed Add New Action dialog box. Click the newly created action in the Set the action dialog box, and then click OK to add the action to the THEN section. In the THEN section, click the plus sign next to the email action to add a second action. Complete the files as follows: Type: Send email Name: Send email to ops team To: <Mobile phone’s email-to-text address> CC: <Additional email address, if desired> Subject: Temperature problem in sugar storage Select "Do not include device data in the email message" Figure 16 shows the completed dialog box. Figure 16. The completed Edit Action dialog box. Your IF…THEN rule set should look like Figure 17. Figure 17. The completed IF…THEN rule set. Change the Alert priority to High, and then click Save. All the actions you define you can view and update by clicking Analytics, and then clicking the Actions tab in IoT Real-Time Insights. Actions include sending email, calling a webhook, invoking a Node-RED flow running in Bluemix, and triggering an IFTTT action. Your new rule should show on the Analytics > Rules page and currently be in the Deactivated state (Figure 18). Click the gear icon on the Temperature rule, and choose Activate. Keep in mind that for the IoT Real-Time Insights free plan, rules can only be active for 1 hour, after which they are automatically deactivated. Figure 18. Your new rule on the Analytics > Rules page. Test the rule by raising the temperature of the RH-USB sensor above 25°C for at least 15 seconds. You should receive an email message and a text message from IoT Real-Time Insights similar to Figure 19. Figure 19. Sample alert from IoT Real-Time Insights for an out-of-bounds temperature reading. Next, add a rule to monitor the humidity range. Complete the following steps: Add a new rule named Humidity problem. Use the d.humidity data point. Add two condition checks using the OR operator: one for humidity < 55 and one for humidity > 60. Set the trigger frequency to 10 times in 15 minutes. Create and add two new actions named Send humidity email to ops team and Send humidity text to ops team. Save the rule, and then activate it. The completed rule should look like Figure 20. Figure 20. New rule to monitor the humidity range of your sensor. When humidity is out of range, IoT Real-Time Insights generates an email and text alert, similar to the temperature case. Bringing It All Together At this point, a real-time monitoring solution is in place that will notify the operations team when storage conditions are outside the desired range. To take it further, you can use the power of the Intel® IoT Gateway Technology combined with the IBM Watson* IoT Platform and Bluemix* to implement a variety of additional functionality. Here are a few ideas. With respect to the gateway, you could connect more temperature and humidity sensors or combine data from multiple sensors and send to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. You could drive a live temperature and humidity display and control temperature or humidity remediation devices. In addition, consider using the built-in security features to harden your gateway. For the IBM Watson IoT Platform and other services on Bluemix, you could send temperature and humidity data to a database for long-term retention. Dashboard displays could be added to show sensor data and monitoring alerts or display sensor locations on a map. By adding more complex data analytics and machine learning, you could spot trends and detect undesirable temperature cycling patterns. You can even create and host a mobile app that lets you view storage conditions on a mobile device. The possibilities are virtually limitless. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro The Hybrid Cloud Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Using the IBM Watson IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Connecting to the IBM Watson IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suites Arduino 101 Bluetooth Low Energy Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 9 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,595,987 members (60,990 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as ArduinoIoT Stats 2.5K views Posted 9 Sep 2016 Connecting to the IBM Watson IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suites Intel Corporation, 9 Sep 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This guide shows you how to set up and program three key components for designing and developing real-world Internet of Things (IoT) apps Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. This guide shows you how to set up and program three key components for designing and developing real-world Internet of Things (IoT) apps: Arduino 101*, with the Seeed Studio Grove* Starter Kit Plus – IoT Edition Intel® IoT Gateway IBM Watson* IoT Platform hosted in the IBM Bluemix* cloud The Arduino 101* (Figure 1) is a low-power processor board for building a variety of sensor applications. It features a 32-bit Intel® Quark microcontroller, an Intel® Curie module with flash and SRAM memory, a Bluetooth* Low Energy radio, and a 6-axis motion sensor with accelerometers and gyroscopes. It has 14 digital input/output pins (of which 4 can be used as Pulse Width Modulation outputs), 6 analog inputs, SPI and I2C communications interfaces, and a USB interface for serial communications. Its Arduino header allows you to add a variety of Arduino shields for additional I/O and communication capabilities. Figure 1. The Arduino 101* The Arduino 101* can be programmed using the Arduino IDE with standard Arduino programming commands. It can also be controlled remotely using the Firmata protocol and associated Firmata sketch that runs on the Arduino 101*. Seeed Studio Grove* Starter Kit Plus The Grove* Starter Kit Plus provides a way to add mix-and-match sensors and actuators to the Arduino 101* to prototype IoT applications (Figure 2). It consists of an Arduino-compatible shield (which plugs into the Arduino 101* base board), with a set of connectors for different types of Grove sensors and actuators. More than 200 Grove sensors and actuators are available, and the Grove Starter Kit Plus contains components such as: Temperature sensor Buzzer Button LED indicators Sound sensor Three-axis digital accelerometer Touch sensor Light sensor LCD character display Rotary angle sensor Piezo vibration sensor Figure 2. The Seeed Studio Grove* Starter Kit Plus Intel® IoT Gateways Intel® IoT Gateways (Figure 3) are edge-processing nodes that combine an Intel processor; a robust operating system; security software; various types of I/O interfaces; and several networking options, including Ethernet, Wi-Fi, and wireless WANs. Gateways tie together groups of individual devices — for example, a set of sensors within a building. They allow hierarchically organized IoT systems and provide critical functions such as local device I/O management (for example, combining data from groups of localized sensors), secure access to upstream systems (for example, cloud platforms), network security and device isolation, remote software updates, and the ability to continue performing local processing in the event of WAN issues. Figure 3. The Intel® NUC Kit DE3815TYKHE IoT Gateway You can choose from a variety of Intel® IoT Gateways, each with different combinations of capacity, form factor, operating temperature range, and I/O interfaces. Which gateway you use generally depends on the needs of your application and the environment in which it will be deployed (for example, an office environment versus an industrial environment). In this guide an Intel® NUC Kit DE3815TYKHE gateway will be used. You can use a variety of languages to program Intel® IoT Gateways, including Python*, Node.js*, C/C++, Java*, and graphical environments such as Node-RED. IBM Watson* IoT Platform The IBM Watson* IoT Platform running on IBM Bluemix* is a cloud-based platform for connecting devices and gateways in the physical world with scalable processing and storage services running in the cloud (Figure 4). It provides a highly scalable environment for building real-world applications in domains such as asset management, facilities management, manufacturing, supply chain, transportation, energy, and smart cities. The IBM Watson IoT Platform lets you register and manage devices, connect devices and applications in real time using the industry-standard Message Queuing Telemetry Transport (MQTT) protocol, securely exchange device commands and data, store and access device data, view operations in a powerful web portal, and allow devices to interact with a wide range of other applications and services available in the Bluemix cloud. All these capabilities are critically important when designing IoT applications that will scale to thousands or millions of devices. Figure 4. The IBM Watson* IoT Platform (l) running on IBM* Bluemix* (r) The IoT Development Process Development of IoT applications typically follows these steps: Create an initial idea and candidate use cases. Test and refine the idea through iterative prototyping. Implement and evaluate scalability and product/market fit through pilots and trials. Productize the solution and design for manufacturing, and design for scale. Bring to market and deploy to production. Operate and maintain over time. The Arduino 101*, Intel® IoT Gateways, and the IBM Watson* IoT Platform provide a rich and scalable set of tools to support each step of such a process, shortening overall time to market while providing the scalability, security, and operational features needed for real-world IoT applications. How This Guide Is Organized This guide shows you how to get started with each component and create running applications. Part 1 explains how to set up the Arduino 101*, Grove* Starter Kit Plus, and the Intel® IoT Gateway. The focus of Part 1 is getting sensors to run in a localized environment and generating data. Part 2 explains how to connect the components from Part 1 to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform running in Bluemix*, where data can be stored, viewed, and acted upon to create scalable, sensor-driven business applications. Part 1: Setting Up the Arduino 101*, Seeed Studio Grove* Starter Kit Plus, and Intel® IoT Gateway The Arduino 101* and Grove* Starter Kit Plus are often used during the iterative prototyping and pilot phases of an IoT project. Their combination of powerful computing, wireless networking, variety of I/O interfaces, Arduino-compatible connectors, and mix-and-match Grove sensors and actuators allow you to turn ideas into running prototypes quickly. Fun with the Arduino 101 provides a step-by-step guide on how to set up the Arduino 101*, install and use an integrated development environment, connect the Grove Starter Kit Plus, and run example programs that interact with digital and analog sensors. With the Intel® IoT Gateway, you can build sophisticated IoT applications that require a combination of functionality, security, manageability, and performance. You can connect sensors and actuators directly to a gateway and process and view their data locally. You can also connect groups of sensors (for example, Grove sensors connected to an Arduino 101*) to a gateway for localized processing and to form sensor clusters. Gateways can be securely connected over the Internet to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform so that you can send data to the cloud, where it can be stored, analyzed, and acted upon. Set Up the Gateway These instructions apply to an Intel® IoT Gateway model Intel® NUC Kit DE3815TYKHE with an Intel® Atom™ processor. The gateway is preloaded with an operating system image and configured with default system settings. The operating system is the Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suite, a robust Wind River* operating system based on Linux*. Set up the gateway hardware by making the following connections: Connect the power supply and plug it into wall power. Connect the gateway to a wired Ethernet LAN network that has connectivity to the Internet. You won’t need to connect a VGA monitor or USB keyboard because they’re needed only when you log in to the gateway system console for administrative purposes. Connect another computer to the same LAN to allow users to log in to the gateway over the wired network. Note: The VGA monitor and USB keyboard connections are useful for debugging gateway startup issues or logging in to the gateway system console during development. For more detailed information about the gateway and setup options, see the Getting Started with Intel® IoT Gateways with Intel® IoT Developer Kit 3.5. Connect a Sensor to the Gateway There are several ways to connect sensors to the gateway; the options depend on the specific gateway model you’re using. For the Intel® NUC Kit DE3815TYKHE gateway, you’ll connect an OMEGA* RH-USB Temperature and Humidity sensor to one of the gateway’s USB ports, as shown in Figure 5. The RH-USB sensor measures temperature ranging from 1°F to 120°F, and relative humidity ranging from 2 percent to 98 percent. It works as a serial TTY device through the gateway’s USB port and reports temperature and humidity as an ASCII string. Figure 5. OMEGA RH-USB sensor connected to the gateway’s USB port Power up the gateway by pressing its power button until the light comes on. The gateway will use Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) to obtain an IP address from the wired Ethernet LAN. Log In to the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub The Intel® IoT Gateway Software Suite contains a built-in application called the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub, which you use to view gateway status, configure gateway settings, and create sensor applications. The default settings allow you to access the hub over an Ethernet LAN connection at the following address: Wired: http://<gateway IP assigned by Ethernet LAN DHCP server> For example, if the gateway were assigned wired IP address 192.168.22.108, you would access the IoT Gateway Developer Hub at http://192.168.22.108. Open a web browser, and enter the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub URL. If your gateway is operating in demonstration mode, you may see a Privacy Statement that you need to acknowledge. At the login prompt, use the default user name (gwuser) and default password (gwuser) (Figure 6). Figure 6. Log in to the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub If you see a License Agreement page, review the license agreement, and click Agree if you accept the terms. Now you’re logged in to the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub, as shown in Figure 7. From here, you can monitor the gateway and its attached sensors, see real-time sensor data, adjust gateway system administration settings, access documentation, and load new software packages. Figure 7. From the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub, you can monitor and adjust your gateway. The status area (1) shows information about the gateway. The sensor widget area (2) shows real-time data from attached sensors. Here, the RH-USB temperature is displayed. In the command area (3), you can navigate among different functions in the gateway by clicking their icons: Sensors – display the sensor dashboard. Packages – install or update software packages on the gateway. Administration – access operating system commands and additional configuration tools. Documentation – tutorials, guides and best practices. Note: The RH-USB temperature sensor will appear as Linux TTY device /dev/ttyRH-USB on the gateway, which is a symbolic link to the physical USB TTY port into which the sensor is plugged—for example, /dev/ttyUSB0. If you plug in other USB devices, the physical TTY port number might shift, so this is the first thing to check if you don’t see the sensor in the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub sensor list. When you first log into the gateway, there may be updated software packages available. To check for updates, click on the Packages icon and look at the Install Updates button. If it shows updates available, click Install Updates to download and install the updates. It may take some time depending on how many updates are available. After installing the updates, reboot the gateway by clicking Administration and then Restart OS. Develop a Sensor Application To program the gateway, you can write code in Python*, Node.js*, and other languages and run it directly on the gateway’s Linux* operating system. However, the gateway also contains a powerful software environment called Node-RED*, which provides a graphical environment for creating, testing, and deploying IoT applications. Node-RED is an open-source, visual tool for wiring together hardware devices, application programming interfaces (APIs), and online services in new and interesting ways. It is written in Node.js, and automatically runs when the gateway starts. For detailed documentation about Node-RED, see the Node-RED Documentation. To access Node-RED, navigate to the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub’s main portal by clicking the Sensors icon, and then clicking Manage Sensors. Doing so takes you to the Node-RED canvas, where you’ll see a default starter flow for the RH-USB sensor. A Node-RED application consists of nodes that perform specific operations and wires that connect nodes together to form end-to-end flows. In the web-based user interface (UI), drag and drop the nodes and wires on the canvas using drag-and-drop actions. There are three main types of nodes: Input nodes – read data and generate events. Output nodes – write data and allow debugging. Function nodes – process or transform data and events. Other types of nodes are used for special purposes, such as email and Twitter integration and disk file I/O. There’s also a large ecosystem of community-developed nodes that you can add to the Node-RED environment to support other types of sensors, send and receive data to cloud services, and perform various processing algorithms. See the Node-RED Library for examples of community-developed nodes. The gateway also contains built-in support for MQTT, which is an industry-standard machine-to-machine IoT connectivity protocol that follows the Publish–Subscribe architectural pattern. As part of that support, there are built-in sensor data display widgets that you can wire into your gateway Node-RED flow to display data in the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal. They display data published to the gateway’s /sensors MQTT topic. To learn how to set up a connection to IBM Bluemix* using MQTT, see Connecting to IBM Bluemix* Internet of Things Using MQTT. Much has been written about Node-RED, and the Intel® IoT Developer Zone has a step-by-step video to help you get the RH-USB temperature and humidity sensor running on the gateway. Follow the steps described in the video. After completing it, you should see both temperature and humidity displayed on the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal (Figure 8). Figure 8. Temperature and humidity displayed on the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal. If you heat or cool the RH-USB temperature probe, you should see the temperature increase or decrease in real time based on the default 1-second sampling rate. Note: The default RH-USB sampling rate is controlled by the Inject input node labeled Interval in the Node-RED flow. Double-click that node to see its parameters and optionally change the rate. If you make any changes, be sure to click Deploy to deploy your modified flow to the gateway. Here’s a brief explanation of how the flow works: The Interval node generates a trigger message once per second that flows into the RH-USB node. The RH-USB node is a subflow that transmits an ASCII command string PA to the RH-USB sensor that’s connected to the /dev/ttyRH-USB serial port on the gateway. The RH-USB sensor returns an ASCII response string over the serial port that’s parsed into separate temperature and humidity values. The separate values flow out of two different output ports of the RH-USB node. The temperature value is converted from Fahrenheit to Celsius through a function node. The function node contains a JavaScript* code snippet that performs the conversion calculation. The temperature and humidity values flow into chart formatting nodes that set display ranges and attributes for the gateway’s charting widgets. The Chart node publishes the formatted sensor data along with the chart display attributes to the gateway’s MQTT /sensors topic, which causes the values to appear on the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal. Notes: To change the temperature display from a gauge-based to a time-based line graph, double-click the Temperature node, and change the Type to Line instead of Gauge. Save the change, and deploy the flow; then, you’ll see a line graph for the temperature. Function nodes allow you to write arbitrary processing functions in JavaScript. For details about writing your own functions, see the Node-RED Documentation. Debug Node-RED Flows An output node named debug is particularly useful for debugging flows (Figure 9). Figure 9. The debug Node-RED output node. When you drag the debug node onto the canvas, anything wired into that node will have each data value displayed on the debug tab of the Node-RED canvas. If the debug tab isn’t visible, you can toggle it on or off by turning the Sidebar on or off (Figure 10). Figure 10. Toggle the Node-RED sidebar on or off. Notes: Turn debugging output on or off by clicking the area on the right side of each debug node. Each time you click it, the debug output is toggled on or off. Clear existing debug messages by clicking the trash can icon on the debug tab. You can use multiple debug nodes in the same flow, each with different connections. Use the Comment node to add comments to your flows. Comment nodes aren’t wired to anything, they only contain text. Use them to describe how your flow works. Role of the Gateway At this point, the gateway is measuring live sensor data from the RH-USB temperature and humidity probe once per second. The values are processed and formatted to the desired units, and the values are published to the gateway’s MQTT broker, where they’re displayed in real-time on the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub portal. If you needed to take additional temperature readings—for example, in a different location, you could add another RH-USB probe and expand the Node-RED flow to measure it, as well. The power of using a gateway is that the gateway can connect groups of sensors, process and combine the raw data locally, and then send the data somewhere else for further processing or long-term storage, which is the focus of the next section. Part 2: Connecting to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform In this section, you connect the Intel® IoT Gateway to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform and send sensor data to the platform for processing in the cloud. The IBM Watson IoT Platform is a cloud-based environment that lets you design, build, scale, and operate production IoT solutions. It consists of a set of services that you configure and connect in building-block fashion. The Watson IoT Platform services are hosted in the Bluemix* cloud, which means that they can also take advantage of the multitude of other cloud services available in Bluemix. You can use the IBM Watson IoT Platform in two basic modes: Quickstart and Registered. For details about these modes, see the IBM Watson IoT Platform Documentation. Connect to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform in Quickstart Mode Quickstart is an open sandbox that allows you to quickly connect a device and view live sensor data. It’s free, and you don’t have to sign up for anything. You can use either real or simulated devices as data sources: No data is retained over time. Quickstart is useful for getting an initial device connected to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform as you’re ramping up your knowledge of it. There are several options for connecting the gateway to the IBM Watson IoT Platform, including writing programs in Python* or Node.js*, and creating flows in Node-RED. In this section, you build your Node-RED implementation from the previous section, and use that method to connect the gateway to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. Start by connecting the gateway to the IBM Watson IoT Platform Quickstart service. To do that, you need a new type of node that knows how to connect to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. An open source Node-RED package named node-red-contrib-ibm-watson-iot does exactly that. To install the Node-RED components for IBM Watson IoT, add a new package repository to the gateway and install a package from that repository by following these steps: Log into the gateway either from another computer on the Ethernet LAN network or by using a keyboard and VGA monitor connected directly to the gateway. For the Ethernet LAN method, if the gateway’s IP address was 192.168.22.100 the login command would be ssh root@192.168.22.100. Use the correct IP address for your gateway. For the login username use root and the default password root. Run the following command: rpm --import http://iotdk.intel.com/misc/iot_pub.key After the command completes you can log out of the gateway command line shell. The purpose of this command is to install a public key for the Intel software package repository used in the next step. In the IoT Gateway Developer Hub web interface, perform the following steps: Click on the Packages icon and then click the Add Repo button. Under Add New Repository, set the Name field to IoT_Cloud and the URL field to http://iotdk.intel.com/repos/iot-cloud/wrlinux7/rcpl13/. Leave the Authentication information blank. Click the Add Repository button to add the new repository. After adding the IoT_Cloud repository it should be listed in the Existing Repositories list (Figure 11). Click X in the upper right corner to close the Manage Repositories dialog box. Figure 11. IoT_Cloud repository added to the gateway. Next, install the Node-RED Watson IoT packages by performing these steps: Click on the Packages icon and then click the Add Packages button. In the search field, type packagegroup-cloud-ibm which should display the package with that name. Click Install to install the packagegroup-cloud-ibm package. After the installation completes, click X to exit the package installation dialog box. Scroll through the package list to confirm node-red-contrib-ibm-watson-iot shows on the list of installed packages. Notes: The package installation will fail if the repository public key has not been installed. Next, find the node-red-experience package in the list and click Stop. Then click Start to start it again. The Stop/Start cycle is needed to pick up the newly installed Node-RED package. Click the Sensors icon and then click Manage Sensors. Along the left side you should now see two new types of nodes called Watson IoT: one in the Input section, and one in the Output section. Use the scrollbars to scroll through the list of available nodes. The new nodes allow you to connect to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. Clicking a node in Node-RED displays it’s documentation on the info tab: Input Node Output Node The output node can send data to the IBM Watson IoT Platform, and the input node can receive data from the IBM Watson IoT Platform. You’ll use the output node for your Quickstart connection. Use your mouse to drag the IBM Watson IoT Platform output node onto the Node-RED canvas. Its name will automatically change to IBM IoT Device. Double-click the node to display its properties. The default values will look like the left panel in Figure 12, with the Quickstart ID being randomly generated. Change the values to look like the right panel (set Name to Send to Watson IoT Quickstart) and then click Ok. Figure 12. Customize the input and output node values. Now, add a wire from the F to C node output to the Send to Watson IoT Quickstart node input. The result should look like Figure 13. Figure 13. Add a wire from the F to C node to the Send to Watson IoT Quickstart node. Now, click Deploy to deploy your modified flow to the gateway. Then, double-click the Send to Watson IoT Quickstart node. To the right of the Quickstart Id field, you’ll see a small square button (Figure 14). Click the button to open a new browser window for the Quickstart dashboard, with your randomly generated device ID automatically filled in. Figure 14. Click the button beside Quickstart Id to view live temperature data in your web browser. You should see live temperature data in the dashboard (Figure 15), with a time history graph that updates itself once per second. Your gateway has successfully made its first connection to the IBM Watson IoT Platform. In the Quickstart dashboard in Figure 15, the upper area (1) shows the time history of the received data, and the lower area (2) shows the most recent event data the platform received. Figure 15. Viewing time history and most recent event data in the Quickstart dashboard. Connect to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform in Registered Mode Registered mode is the next step up from Quickstart. You register for an account on Bluemix* and set up an instance of the IBM Watson* IoT Platform running on Bluemix. There are free and paid tiers; which you choose generally depends on the data and processing volumes and the number of devices in your application. For this guide you’ll use the free tier, because the number of devices and amount of data will be relatively small. Registered mode is what you use to create production IoT applications. Create an instance of the IBM Watson IoT Platform running on Bluemix where you can define your device and accumulate data. You’ll also create an instance of IBM Watson IoT Real-Time Insights, which allows you to enrich and monitor data from your devices, visualize what’s happening, and respond to conditions through automated actions. If you don’t already have a Bluemix account, creating one is the first step. On the IBM Watson IoT Platform Quickstart page, scroll to the bottom and look for the Sign Up button. Alternatively, follow this link. Bluemix currently has both a "Classic" UI and a "New" UI. This guide uses the New UI, and you can switch to it by clicking Try the new Bluemix. Keep in mind that Bluemix is a dynamic environment, and the UI will evolve over time. To create a new Bluemix account, click Sign Up, enter the required information, and then click Create Account. Additional information and how-to guides are available on the Bluemix site. The signup process creates an IBM* ID that you use to log in to Bluemix. Log in to Bluemix by using your newly created account. You should see a welcome page that lists a variety of service categories, including Internet of Things. Click Internet of Things: You should see several available IoT services, including the IBM Watson IoT Platform and IoT Real-Time Insights. Click the plus sign (+) to add a new service to your Bluemix account, then click Internet of Things Platform. Select the free plan, and then click Create. Bluemix provisions your Internet of Things Platform service; when it’s ready, it appears as a tile in your Bluemix dashboard. Now, create an instance of the IoT Real-Time Insights service, and select the free plan. When it’s provisioned, your Bluemix dashboard should show both service tiles (Figure 16). Figure 16. The IBM Watson* IoT Platform Analytics Real-Time Insights Bluemix dashboard. Note: In Bluemix, there’s a main account-level console and individual service dashboards for the various services you add to your account. The process of instantiating a service and adding to your account is called provisioning. After a service is provisioned, it appears as a new tile in your main Bluemix console. The Bluemix console and individual service dashboards will have different URLs. The top-level Bluemix console URL may look something like "https://new-console.ng.bluemix.net" and the Watson IoT Platform console may look like "https://xxxxxxx.internetofthings.ibmcloud.com/dashboard/". You can bookmark the console and dashboards to make them easier to access. Now, connect the two services so the IoT Real-Time Insights service can get data from the IBM Watson IoT Platform service. The process is described in the IoT Real-Time Insights documentation and is summarized below: In the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard, generate a new API key. Write down the API key and authentication token. (You can only view the authentication token when it’s first created.) In the IoT Real-Time Insights dashboard, add a new data source, and provide the API key information from step 1. The first time you complete this step, it may take some time during which the browser will be spinning or appear to hang. Give it plenty of time to finish. When setting up the new data source, you enter a name (for this example, name it Intel IoT Gateway), your IBM Watson IoT Platform Organization ID (shown in the Configuration Settings screen of the IBM Watson IoT Platform), and the API key and authentication token created in step 1. Next, connect the Intel® IoT Gateway to the IBM Watson IoT Platform service as a registered device. Navigate to the Internet of Things Platform service in Bluemix, and launch the dashboard. Along the left side, you see the Boards, Devices, Access, Usage, and Settings icons. Click Devices, and then click Add Device. Because this is the first time you’re adding a new type of device, you first need to create a new type of device for the Intel® IoT Gateway. If you click the Choose Device Type list, you’ll see that it’s empty because you haven’t created any device types, yet. Click Create device type, and then choose Create gateway type. In the IBM Watson IoT Platform, there are two categories of connected devices: Device – This is an individual device in the IBM Watson IoT Platform, such as a temperature sensor. A device may or may not have an IP address and the ability to communicate over the Internet. Gateway – This type of device has additional devices connected to it in a hierarchical or cluster fashion—for example, an Intel® IoT Gateway with two sensors connected to it. Gateways are generally able to communicate over the Internet using IP protocols. The difference between the device and gateway device types is that for a device, you perform operations directly between the cloud and the device, whereas for a gateway, you perform operations between the cloud, the gateway itself, and the devices connected to the gateway. In essence, the gateway can act as both a pass-through to the devices and as an intermediate device that can perform device data processing before sending data to the cloud. For details about devices and gateways, see IBM Watson IoT Platform Concepts. The Create Gateway Type function is a set of step-by-step dialog boxes. Enter the following settings as you step through: Name: Intel-IoT-Gateway Description: The Intel gateway <Next> Manufacturer: Checkmarked <Next> Manufacturer: Intel <Next> Leave the Metadata (optional) field blank <Next> <Create> Now that you’ve created a new Gateway type for the Intel® IoT Gateway, it will appear in the list under Add Device. Continuing in the Add Device dialog box, choose Intel-IoT-Gateway from the Device Type list, and then click Next. In the Device Info dialog box, create a unique Device ID for the gateway. Use the gateway’s Ethernet MAC address. Enter your gateway’s Ethernet MAC address (including the leading zeros) in the Device ID field, and then click Next. Leave the optional metadata blank, and then click Next. In the Security dialog box, click Next to use an auto-generated authentication token. On the confirmation page, review all the information. If everything is correct, click Add. If you need to change anything, click Back. When the gateway device has been added, you get an information screen that contains identifiers and authentication credentials. Be sure to save these credentials somewhere safe, because they can not be recovered later. If you misplace them, you’ll have to delete the device and recreate it. Keep in mind that these credentials are sensitive information, so protect them against unauthorized use. When you’re finished looking at the new gateway information and printing or saving it, exit the dashboard by clicking the small circled X in the upper right corner. Now, the gateway appears in the Devices list in the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard (Figure 17). Note that your Device ID will be different based on the MAC address of your gateway. Figure 17. Your device in the IBM Watson* IoT Platform dashboard. Now that the gateway has been defined in the IBM Watson IoT Platform, you can connect to it from the Node-RED flow on the gateway. Going back to the previous Node-RED flow, drag another instance of the Watson IoT output node onto the canvas, and set its properties as shown in Figure 18, being sure to use the correct Device ID for your device. For the Credentials settings, you need the authentication token that you saved when you added the gateway as a new device in the IBM Watson IoT Platform. You also need your Organization ID, which you can find in the IBM Watson IoT Platform Configuration Settings page. Figure 18. Adding a second instance of the Watson IoT output node to your Node-RED canvas. The Watson IoT node expects data in a certain format, so next you add a Function node to format the temperature readings in the correct format. Drag a Function node onto the canvas, double-click it, set the name to Format Temperature, and add the JavaScript* code shown in Figure 19. Click Ok when you’re done adding the code. Figure 19. Configure a Function node. Wire the output of F to C to the input of Format Temperature and the output of Format Temperature to the input of Send to Watson IoT Registered. Then, deploy the changed flow. The resulting flow should look like Figure 20. Figure 20. The changed flow in Node-RED. At this point, live temperature data is being sent from the gateway to both the IBM Watson IoT Platform Quickstart and Registered destinations. In the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard, go to the Devices list and click on your gateway device. You should see a set of Recent Events (changing once per second) and a Temperature reading under Sensor Information. These are the real-time readings that the gateway sends and the IBM Watson IoT Platform receives. Click one of the events under Recent Events: The event data should look something like Figure 21. Figure 21. Viewing your event data under Recent Events This is IBM Watson IoT Platform event JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) that contains a temperature key and corresponding numeric value. It corresponds to the JavaScript code in the Format Temperature node on the gateway: return { payload:
{ temperature: msg.payload }
}; On the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard, navigate to the Boards > All Boards page. The IBM Watson IoT Platform lets you create one or more dashboards (called Boards for short) that display real-time information from your devices. Click on the Usage Overview board, which is a built-in default dashboard. The Intel-IoT-Gateway device should show along with basic data transfer statistics. Next, add a live display of the temperature value to the Usage Overview board. Navigate to the Settings page, which will display at set of Configuration Settings. Under the General section, turn on Experimental Features, then click Confirm all changes. This allows you to add new information cards to your boards. Cards are configurable display widgets that show different types of information on IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboards. Navigate back to the Usage Overview board and you should now see an Add New Card button at the top right of the page. IBM Watson IoT Platform Experimental Features are described in the IBM Watson IoT Platform blog post User Interface Experimental Features. Click Add New Card. In the dialog box that opens, scroll down and click Show more to see all card types. In the Devices section, click Gauge. Choose Intel-IoT-Gateway as the card data source, and then click Next. Click Connect new data set, and then set the following data set fields: Name: Gateway Temp Event: event (pick from menu) Property: temperature (pick from menu) Type: Float (pick from menu, scroll down to see all options) Unit: °C (pick from menu) Precision: 1 Min: 0 Max: 40 Click Next, set size to M (medium), and then click Next. Set Title to Temperature, and then click Submit. You should now see a new widget on your IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard that shows a live display of the RH-USB sensor connected to the gateway. If you warm or cool the sensor, the temperature value should increase or decrease in real time on both the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard and the gateway’s IBM IoT Gateway Developer Hub display. Figure 22 shows the IBM Watson IoT Platform dashboard with the temperature card added. Figure 22. The IBM Watson* IoT Platform dashboard with a temperature card added. Summary and Next Steps At this point, you have an end-to-end running system that collects real-time sensor measurements, processes and displays the data locally on the Intel® IoT Gateway, and sends the data to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform running on Bluemix. The gateway is programmed using Node-RED, which provides an easy-to-use tool for wiring together processing flows and adding sensors or processing algorithms. You could add the Arduino 101* and Grover* Starter Kit Plus – IoT Edition to this environment to prototype additional sensors and actuators by connecting the Arduino 101* to the gateway using USB and adding additional types of Node-RED processing nodes for the Grove components. You’ve also added IoT Real-Time Insights to your Bluemix* environment and connected it to the IBM Watson* IoT Platform service. IoT Real-Time Insights allows you to create if-then logic to monitor sensor data and trigger actions when certain conditions are met—for example, monitoring temperature readings and generating an alert if they exceed a defined range. Industrial Use Case and Tutorial: Intel and the IBM Watson* IoT Platform builds on and extends the foundation established in this guide. The Industrial Use Case develops a sensing application that continuously measures temperature and humidity, and generates email and text message alerts when parameters fall outside acceptable ranges. Having the gateway integrated with the IBM Watson IoT Platform on Bluemix opens a range of other possibilities for storing, processing, and visualizing data using a variety of database and application services available on Bluemix. The Intel IoT Gateway coupled with the IBM Watson IoT Platform on Bluemix provides a robust and powerful environment for building and operating scalable IoT applications. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro The Hybrid Cloud Arduino 101 Bluetooth Low Energy Using the IBM Watson IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Mobile Messaging with Twilio Connecting Intel® IoT Gateways To IBM Watson Smarter Security Camera: A POC Using the Intel® IoT Gateway Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 9 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,595,987 members (60,990 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as edisonArduinoAzureIoT Stats 2.1K views Posted 9 Sep 2016 Code Samples: Equipment Activity Monitor, (How-To Intel® IoT Technology Series) Intel Corporation, 9 Sep 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This shop-floor equipment activity monitor application is part of a series of how-to Intel Internet of Things (IoT) code sample exercises using the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, Intel® Edison development platform, cloud platforms, APIs, and other technologies. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction This shop-floor equipment activity monitor application is part of a series of how-to Intel Internet of Things (IoT) code sample exercises using the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, Intel® Edison development platform, cloud platforms, APIs, and other technologies. From this exercise, developers will learn how to: Connect the Intel® Edison development platform, a computing platform designed for prototyping and producing IoT and wearable computing products. Interface with the Intel® Edison platform IO and sensor repository using MRAA and UPM from the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution to help developers explore the IoT and implement innovative projects. Run this code sample in Intel® XDK IoT Edition, an IDE for creating applications that interact with sensors and actuators, enabling a quick start for developing software for the Intel® Edison board or the Intel® Galileo board. Store equipment usage data using Azure* Redis Cache from Microsoft, cloud services for connecting IoT solutions including data analysis, machine learning, and a variety of productivity tools to simplify the process of connecting your sensors to the cloud and getting your IoT project up and running quickly. What it is Using an Intel® Edison board, this project lets you create a shop-floor equipment activity monitor that: Tracks equipment usage by monitoring sound and vibration sensors. Issues a visual notification whenever the equipment is in use. Logs equipment usage using cloud-based data storage. How it works This equipment activity monitor watches for sound and vibration. If both exceed a defined threshold, it lights up the display to indicate the equipment is in use. Once the equipment is no longer used, it clears the display. Optionally, equipment usage start/stop events can also be stored using the Intel® IoT Examples Data store running in your own Microsoft Azure* account. Hardware requirements Grove* Starter Kit Plus containing: Intel® Edison board with an Arduino* breakout board Grove Sound Sensor Grove Piezo Vibration Sensor Grove RGB LCD Software requirements Intel® XDK IoT Edition Microsoft Azure* account How to set up To begin, clone the How-To Intel IoT Code Samples repository onto your computer with Git* as follows: $ git clone https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples.git To download a .zip file, in your web browser go to https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples and click the Download ZIP button on the right-hand side. Once the .zip file is downloaded, uncompress it and use the files in the directory for this example. Adding the program to Intel® XDK IoT Edition In Intel® XDK IoT Edition, select Import Your Node.js Project: Then, navigate to the directory where the example project exists, and select it: You need to connect to your Intel® Edison board from your computer to send code to it. Click the IoT Device menu at the bottom left. If your Intel® Edison board is automatically recognized, select it. Otherwise, select Add Manual Connection. In the Address field, type 192.168.2.15. In the Port field, type 58888. Click Connect to save your connection. Installing the program manually on the Intel® Edison board Alternatively, you can set up the code manually on the Intel® Edison board. Clone the How-To Intel IoT Code Samples repository to your Intel® Edison board after you establish an SSH connection to it, as follows: $ git clone https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples.git Then navigate to the directory with this example. To install Git* on the Intel® Edison board if you don’t have it yet, establish an SSH connection to the board and run the following command: $ opkg install git Connecting the Grove* sensors You need to have a Grove* Shield connected to an Arduino*-compatible breakout board to plug all the Grove devices into the Grove Shield. Make sure you have the tiny VCC switch on the Grove Shield set to 5V. Plug one end of a Grove cable into the Grove Sound Sensor, and then connect the other end to the A0 port on the Grove Shield. Plug one end of a Grove cable into the Grove Piezo Vibration Sensor, and then connect the other end to the A2 port on the Grove Shield. Plug one end of a Grove cable into the Grove RGB LCD, and then connect the other end to any of the I2C ports on the Grove Shield. Manual Intel® Edison board setup If you're running this code on your Intel® Edison board manually, you need to install some dependencies. To obtain the Node.js* modules needed for this example to execute on the Intel® Edison board, run the following command: npm install Microsoft Azure* server setup Optionally, you can store the data generated by this example program in a back-end database deployed using Microsoft Azure*, Node.js*, and a Redis* data store. For information on how to set up your own cloud data server, go to: https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/intel-iot-examples-datastore Configuring the example To configure the example for the optional Microsoft Azure* data store, change the SERVER and AUTH_TOKEN keys in the config.json file as follows: {
  "SERVER": "http://intel-examples.azurewebsites.net/logger/equipment-activity",
  "AUTH_TOKEN": "s3cr3t"
} Running the program using Intel® XDK IoT Edition When you're ready to run the example, make sure you saved all the files. Click the Upload icon to upload the files to the Intel® Edison board. Click the Run icon at the bottom of Intel® XDK IoT Edition. This runs the code on the Intel® Edison board. If you made changes to the code, click Upload and Run. This runs the latest code with your changes on the Intel® Edison board. You will see output similar to the above when the program is running. Running the program manually To run the example manually on the Intel® Edison board, establish an SSH connection to the board and execute the following command: node index.js
 Determining the Intel® Edison board's IP address You can determine what IP address the Intel® Edison board is connected to by running the following command: ip addr show | grep wlan You will see output similar to the following: 3: wlan0: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast qlen 1000
    inet 192.168.1.13/24 brd 192.168.1.255 scope global wlan0 The IP address is shown next to inet. In the example above, the IP address is 192.168.1.13. For a complete list of How-To Intel® IoT Code Samples, go to Intel® Developer Zone. For more details about this code sample, go to GitHub*. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Intel® IoT Analytics with the Intel® Edison Board Intel Edison® to Microsoft Azure Part 1 Announcing 18 New How-To Intel IoT Code Samples Mobile Messaging with Twilio Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 9 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,595,987 members (60,990 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as AzureIoT Stats 1.1K views Posted 9 Sep 2016 Connecting the Intel® IoT Gateway to Microsoft Azure Intel Corporation, 9 Sep 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This guide will walk you through adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway and adding support for Microsoft Azure so you can begin developing applications for this platform in your programming language of choice. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. This guide will walk you through adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway and adding support for Microsoft* Azure* so you can begin developing applications for this platform in your programming language of choice. Prerequisites Intel® IoT Gateway Technology running IDP 3.1 or above with internet access A development device (e.g. laptop) on the same network as the Intel® IoT Gateway Terminal access to the Intel® IoT Gateway from your development device Microsoft Azure account: https://portal.azure.com/ Please see the following documentation for setting up your Intel® IoT Gateway: https://software.intel.com/en-us/node/633284 Adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway Access the console on your gateway either using a monitor and keyboard connected directly or SSH (recommended). Add the GPG key for the cloud repository using the following command: rpm --import <a href="http://iotdk.intel.com/misc/iot_pub.key">http://iotdk.intel.com/misc/iot_pub.key</a> On your development device (e.g. laptop), open a web browser and load the IoT Gateway Developer Hub interface by entering the IP address of your gateway in the address bar. Tip: You can find your gateway’s IP address using the ‘ifconfig’ command. Log in to the IoT Gateway Developer Hub interface using the credentials root:root. Add the IoT Cloud repository. Go to the Packages section and click the Add Repo + button. Populate the fields with the following information and click Add Repository: Name: IoT_Cloud URL: http://iotdk.intel.com/repos/iot-cloud/wrlinux7/rcpl13 Finally, click the Update Repositories button to update the package list. Adding Microsoft* Azure* support to your Intel® IoT Gateway Click the Add Packages + button to bring up the list of packages you can install. Search for cloud-azure using the search box at the top of the package window. Click the Install button next to the packagegroup-cloud-azure entry. Setup an Azure* IoT Hub In a browser, navigate to the Azure* Portal at https://portal.azure.com and log in to your Azure account. Create a new IoT Hub. Select New in the top left of the Azure Portal. Select Internet Of Things from the list, and select ‘IoT Hub. Give your new IoT Hub a unique Name and select which Pricing and scale tier you require. In the Resource Group section select Create New and give it a unique name in the box provided. Select the ‘Location’ nearest to you and click Create. It will take some time to deploy your new Resource Group and IoT Hub, but eventually you should get a Deployments succeeded notification. Once your new Resource Group has been created, navigate into it by selecting the Resource groups option in the left-hand panel and selecting the Resource Group you just created from the list. Select the IoT Hub you just created from the list, then click the Keys icon. Select iothubowner from the policy list, then click the Copy button next to the Connection string-primary key to copy your IoT Hub connection string to the clipboard. Create a new Azure* IoT Device Tip: To make copying connection strings easier, it is recommended that you use SSH to connect to your gateway or access the command line through the Intel Developer Hub interface. If you are accessing the command line of your gateway directly using a keyboard and mouse, you will need to manually enter the connection string in the next section. Enter the following in your gateway’s console to add it to your IoT Hub: iothub-explorer "[YOUR CONNECTION STRING]" create IntelIoTGateway --connection-string If the device is successfully added, you will get output similar to this: Load the Node-RED interface. Go to the Administration section of the IoT Gateway Developer Hub and click Launch under the Node-RED icon. Configure a Node-RED flow. Drag an ‘inject’, ‘function’ and ‘azureiothub’ node from the nodes panel on the left into the current flow (you may need to scroll down in the nodes panel).Drag an ‘inject’, ‘function’ and ‘azureiothub’ node from the nodes panel on the left into the current flow (you may need to scroll down in the nodes panel). Arrange and connect the nodes as in the screenshot above. Here we have an inject node which will send a trigger at a specified interval to a function which will randomly generate a number to send to your Azure IoT Hub. First we need to configure the nodes. Double-click on the timestamp node to bring up the configuration dialogue. Change the settings so they match the screenshot below, and click Ok when done. This will set the node to send a trigger every 5 seconds. Double-click on the ‘function’ node to bring up the configuration dialog box. Here we are going to add some simple code to generate a random number which we can send to our Azure IoT Hub. In reality this could be a sensor reading, for example. In the ‘Function’ box enter the following code as in the screenshot below: msg.payload = Math.round(Math.random() * 100); Click the Ok button when done, to close the configuration dialog box. Double-click the Azure IoT Hub node to bring up the configuration dialog box again. Add the device connection string you copied/saved earlier into the Connection String box and click Ok. (Make sure you enter the device connection string and not the one for your IoT Hub!) Now your flow is configured you can deploy your flow. Click the Deploy button in the top right of the screen. If everything is working correctly, the status of the Azure IoT Hub node should change to Connected and eventually Sent message, as in the screenshot below. A message will be sent to your Azure IoT Hub every five seconds while the flow is running. If you navigate back to the Azure* Portal and load your IoT Hub instance, you will see the message count in the Usage tile increasing. Monitor device events (Optional). You can monitor devices in your IoT Hub using the iothub-explorer utility from the command line. There is also a Windows utility called Device Explorer if you prefer a visual application: https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdks/blob/master/tools/DeviceExplorer/doc/how_to_use_device_explorer.md To monitor device events in the command line on your gateway, run the following command: iothub-explorer "[YOUR IOT HUB CONNECTION STRING]" monitor-events [YOUR DEVICE NAME] If the Node-RED flow is deployed and running you should see the random numbers being sent to Azure* in the console output similar to the screenshot below. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... ​Using Microsoft Azure IoT Suite with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED Intel® IoT Developer Kit: Your Gateway to Commercial Cloud Solutions with Microsoft Azure IoT Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Mobile Messaging with Twilio SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 9 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,595,987 members (60,990 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as edisonAzureIoTtwilio Stats 1.9K views 1 bookmarked Posted 9 Sep 2016 How-To Intel IoT Code Samples: Home Fall Tracker Intel Corporation, 9 Sep 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This home fall tracker application is part of a series of how-to Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) code sample exercises using the Intel IoT Developer Kit, Intel® Edison development platform, cloud platforms, APIs, and other technologies. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction This home fall tracker application is part of a series of how-to Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) code sample exercises using the Intel IoT Developer Kit, Intel® Edison development platform, cloud platforms, APIs, and other technologies. From this exercise, developers will learn how to: Connect the Intel® Edison development platform, a computing platform designed for prototyping and producing IoT and wearable computing products. Interface with the Intel® Edison platform IO and sensor repository using MRAA and UPM from the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution to help developers explore the IoT and implement innovative projects. Run this code sample in Intel® XDK IoT Edition, an IDE for creating applications that interact with sensors and actuators, enabling a quick start for developing software for the Intel® Edison board or the Intel® Galileo board. Set up a web application server to store fall data using Azure* Redis Cache from Microsoft, cloud services for connecting IoT solutions including data analysis, machine learning, and a variety of productivity tools to simplify the process of connecting your sensors to the cloud and getting your IoT project up and running quickly. Invoke the services of the Twilio* API for sending text messages. What it is Using an Intel® Edison board, this project lets you create a home fall tracker bracelet that: Monitors for possible falls using the accelerometer. Sends a text alert when a possible fall is detected. Displays information that help is on the way using the OLED display. Keeps track of detected devices, using cloud-based data storage. How it works The home fall tracker bracelet detects potential falls with the accelerometer. If it detects a possible fall, it sends a text alert via Twilio* and lets the user know that their caretaker has been notified and help is on the way. Optionally, all data can be stored using the Intel® IoT Examples Data.store running in your own Microsoft Azure* account. Hardware requirements Xadow* Starter Kit containing: Intel® Edison board with a Xadow expansion board Xadow - OLED display Xadow - 3-Axis Accelerometer Software requirements Intel® XDK IoT Edition Microsoft Azure* account Twilio* account How to set up To begin, clone the How-To Intel IoT Code Samples repository onto your computer with Git* as follows: $ git clone https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples.git To download a .zip file, in your web browser go to https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples and click the Download ZIP button on the right-hand side. Once the .zip file is downloaded, uncompress it and use the files in the directory for this example. Adding the program to Intel® XDK IoT Edition In Intel® XDK IoT Edition, select Import Your Node.js Project: Then, navigate to the directory where the example project exists, and select it: You need to connect to your Intel® Edison board from your computer to send code to it. Click the IoT Device menu at the bottom left. If your Intel® Edison board is automatically recognized, select it. Otherwise, select Add Manual Connection. In the Address field, type 192.168.2.15. In the Port field, type 58888. Click Connect to save your connection. Installing the program manually on the Intel® Edison board Alternatively, you can set up the code manually on the Intel® Edison board. Clone the How-To Intel IoT Code Samples repository to your Intel® Edison board after you establish an SSH connection to it, as follows: $ git clone https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples.git Then navigate to the directory with this example. To install Git* on the Intel® Edison board if you don’t have it yet, establish an SSH connection to the board and run the following command: $ opkg install git Connecting the Xadow* sensors You need to have a Xadow* expansion board connected to Intel® Edison to plug in all the Xadow devices. Plug one end of a Xadow connector into the Xadow - OLED Display, and then connect the other end to one of the side connectors on the Xadow expansion board. Plug one end of a Xadow connector into the Xadow - 3-Axis Accelerometer, and then connect the other end to one of the side connectors on the Xadow expansion board. Manual Intel® Edison board setup If you're running this code on your Intel® Edison board manually, you need to install some dependencies. To obtain the Node.js* modules needed for this example to execute on the Intel® Edison board, run the following command: npm install Twilio* API key To optionally send text messages, you need to register for an account and get an API key from the Twilio* website: https://www.twilio.com You cannot send text messages without obtaining a Twilio* API key first. You can still run the example, but without the text messages. Pass your Twilio* API key and authentication token to the sample program by modifying the TWILIO_ACCT_SID and TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN keys in the config.json file as follows: {
  "TWILIO_ACCT_SID": "YOURAPIKEY",
  "TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN": "YOURTOKEN"
} Microsoft Azure* server setup Optionally, you can store the data generated by this example program in a back-end database deployed using Microsoft Azure*, Node.js*, and a Redis* data store. For information on how to set up your own cloud data server, go to: https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/intel-iot-examples-datastore Configuring the example To configure the example for sending optional text messages, obtain an API key from the Twilio* website as explained above, and then change the TWILIO_ACCT_SID and TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN keys in the config.json file as follows: {
  "TWILIO_ACCT_SID": "YOURAPIKEY",
  "TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN": "YOURTOKEN"
} To configure the example for the optional Microsoft Azure* data store, change the SERVER and AUTH_TOKEN keys in the config.json file as follows: {
  "SERVER": "http://intel-examples.azurewebsites.net/logger/fall-detector",
  "AUTH_TOKEN": "s3cr3t"
} To configure the example for both the text messages and the Microsoft Azure* data store, change the TWILIO_ACCT_SID, TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN, SERVER, and AUTH_TOKEN keys in the config.json file as follows: {
  "TWILIO_ACCT_SID": "YOURAPIKEY",
  "TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN": "YOURTOKEN",
  "SERVER": "http://intel-examples.azurewebsites.net/logger/fall-detector",
  "AUTH_TOKEN": "s3cr3t"
} Running the program using Intel® XDK IoT Edition When you're ready to run the example, make sure you saved all the files. Click the Upload icon to upload the files to the Intel® Edison board. Click the Run icon at the bottom of Intel® XDK IoT Edition. This runs the code on the Intel® Edison board. If you made changes to the code, click Upload and Run. This runs the latest code with your changes on the Intel® Edison board. You will see output similar to the above when the program is running. Running the program manually To run the example manually on the Intel® Edison board, establish an SSH connection to the board and execute the following command: node index.js
 Determining the Intel® Edison board's IP address You can determine what IP address the Intel® Edison board is connected to by running the following command: ip addr show | grep wlan You will see output similar to the following: 3: wlan0: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast qlen 1000
    inet 192.168.1.13/24 brd 192.168.1.255 scope global wlan0 The IP address is shown next to inet. In the example above, the IP address is 192.168.1.13. For a complete list of How-To Intel® IoT Code Samples, go to Intel® Developer Zone. For more details about this code sample, go to GitHub*. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Announcing 18 New How-To Intel IoT Code Samples Arduino 101 Bluetooth Low Energy IoT for Home Automation Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 9 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,595,987 members (60,990 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as edisonArduinoNode.jsIoT Stats 3.1K views 2 bookmarked Posted 9 Sep 2016 How-To Intel IoT Code Samples: Earthquake Detector Intel Corporation, 9 Sep 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This earthquake detector application is part of a series of how-to Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) code sample exercises using the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, Intel® Edison development platform, cloud platforms, APIs, and other technologies. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction This earthquake detector application is part of a series of how-to Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) code sample exercises using the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, Intel® Edison development platform, cloud platforms, APIs, and other technologies. From this exercise, developers will learn how to: Connect the Intel® Edison development platform, a computing platform designed for prototyping and producing IoT and wearable computing products. Interface with the Intel® Edison platform IO and sensor repository using MRAA and UPM from the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution to help developers explore the IoT and implement innovative projects. Run this code sample in Intel® XDK IoT Edition, an IDE for creating applications that interact with sensors and actuators, enabling a quick start for developing software for the Intel® Edison or Intel® Galileo board. Invoke the services of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) API for accessing earthquake data. What it is Using an Intel® Edison board, this project lets you create an earthquake detector that: Senses motion using the digital accelerometer. Checks live earthquake data, using the USGS API. Displays the earthquake on the LCD. How it works This earthquake detector constantly reads the 3-axis digital accelerometer looking for movement that could indicate an earthquake. When it thinks it detects an earthquake, it attempts to verify with the USGS API that an earthquake actually occurred. If so, it displays a warning on the LCD. Hardware requirements Grove* Starter Kit Plus containing: Intel® Edison board with an Arduino* breakout board Grove 3-Axis Digital Accelerometer Grove RGB LCD Software requirements Intel® XDK IoT Edition How to set up To begin, clone the How-To Intel IoT Code Samples repository onto your computer with Git* as follows: $ git clone https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples.git To download a .zip file, in your web browser go to https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples and click the Download ZIP button on the right-hand side. Once the .zip file is downloaded, uncompress it and use the files in the directory for this example. Adding the program to Intel® XDK IoT Edition In Intel® XDK IoT Edition, select Import Your Node.js Project: Then, navigate to the directory where the example project exists, and select it: You need to connect to your Intel® Edison board from your computer to send code to it. Click the IoT Device menu at the bottom left. If your Intel® Edison board is automatically recognized, select it. Otherwise, select Add Manual Connection. In the Address field, type 192.168.2.15. In the Port field, type 58888. Click Connect to save your connection. Installing the program manually on the Intel® Edison board Alternatively, you can set up the code manually on the Intel® Edison board. Clone the How-To Intel IoT Code Samples repository to your Intel® Edison board after you establish an SSH connection to it, as follows: $ git clone https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples.git Then navigate to the directory with this example. To install Git* on the Intel® Edison board if you don’t have it yet, establish an SSH connection to the board and run the following command: $ opkg install git Connecting the Grove* sensors You need to have a Grove* Shield connected to an Arduino*-compatible breakout board to plug all the Grove devices into the Grove Shield. Make sure you have the tiny VCC switch on the Grove Shield set to 5V. Plug one end of a Grove cable into the Grove 3-Axis Digital Accelerometer, and then connect the other end to any of the I2C ports on the Grove Shield. Plug one end of a Grove cable into the Grove RGB LCD, and then connect the other end to any of the I2C ports on the Grove Shield. Manual Intel® Edison board setup If you're running this code on your Intel® Edison board manually, you need to install some dependencies. To obtain the Node.js* modules needed for this example to execute on the Intel® Edison board, run the following command: npm install Configuring the example To configure the example to check for earthquakes in your area, change the LATITUDE key in the config.json file as follows: {
  "LATITUDE": "47.641944",
  "LONGITUDE": "-122.127222"
} Running the program using Intel® XDK IoT Edition When you're ready to run the example, make sure you have saved all the files. Click the Upload icon to upload the files to the Intel® Edison board. Click the Run icon at the bottom of Intel® XDK IoT Edition. This runs the code on the Intel® Edison board. If you made changes to the code, click Upload and Run. This runs the latest code with your changes on the Intel® Edison board. You will see output similar to the above when the program is running. Running the program manually To run the example manually on the Intel® Edison board, establish an SSH connection to the board and execute the following command: node index.js Determining the Intel® Edison board's IP address You can determine what IP address the Intel® Edison board is connected to by running the following command: ip addr show | grep wlan You will see output similar to the following: 3: wlan0: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast qlen 1000
    inet 192.168.1.13/24 brd 192.168.1.255 scope global wlan0 The IP address is shown next to inet. In the example above, the IP address is 192.168.1.13. For a complete list of How-To Intel® IoT Code Samples, go to Intel® Developer Zone. For more details about this code sample, go to GitHub*. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Announcing 18 New How-To Intel IoT Code Samples Intel Edison® to Microsoft Azure Part 1 How-To Intel® IoT Technology Code Samples: Access control in C++ Smarter Security Camera: A POC Using the Intel® IoT Gateway Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 9 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Apple Introduces iPhone 7 With New Cameras, Wireless Earpods       Apple Introduces iPhone 7 With New Cameras, Wireless Earpods     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-09-09 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Apple's iPhone 7 boasts new camera, wireless earbuds; Facebook hacker tools exploit those who use them; Intel sells majority stake in its cyber-security business; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos IBM Launches Security Services Headquarters in Massachusetts DAILY VIDEO: IBM opens global headquarters for security services; IoT devices evolving rapidly as... Dell Data Protection Secure Lifecycle Encrypts Data in Motion Daily Video: Dell data protection defends against external, insider threats; Microsoft Outlook... 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Apple's iPhone 7 Boasts New Camera, Wireless Earbuds Facebook Hacker Tools Exploit Those Who Use Them Intel Sells Majority Stake in Its Cyber-Security Business HPE Moves Software Unit to Micro Focus in $8.8 Billion Deal       Today's topics include the introduction of Apple’s new iPhone 7 with an upgraded camera and wireless earbuds, how phony Facebook hacking tools are exploiting only would-be hackers, Intel’s sale of a 51 percent share in its cyber-security software business and the spinoff of HPE's software unit to Micro Focus. As it does every September prior to holiday season, Apple introduced the latest versions of its top mobile products at a major media briefing. This time it was Sept. 7 at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in downtown San Francisco. Apple introduced its next-generation iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphone models, along with an updated version of the Apple Watch. Apple is touting the water-resistance features of both the new iPhone models and the new Apple Watch Series 2. To make the iPhone water resistant, Apple designed the new model without a headphone jack and instead is introducing new wireless earbuds called AirPods. The iPhone 7 is also equipped with a 12-megapixel, 1.8 aperture camera and a 7-megapixel HD camera, along with a speedy new A10 Fusion processor. For those looking to hack the Facebook accounts of others, there is a marketplace for Facebook Hacker tools that offer the promise of point-and-click ease. According to a new report from the Blue Coat Elastica Cloud Threat Labs (BCECTL), the promise made by many Facebook hacker tools is false. Rather than providing access to the Facebook accounts of others, BCECTL found that most Facebook Hacker tools only exploit the users of the tools. "The samples we have analyzed don't perform any real Facebook hacking as opposed to what is being claimed," Aditya Sood, director of Security and Elastica Cloud Threat Labs at Blue Coat Elastica, now part of Symantec, told eWEEK. Intel is spinning out its cyber-security software business in a partnership with private equity firm TPG, marking the latest move by the chip giant to remake itself in an industry undergoing rapid change. Intel officials said Sept. 7 that it's working with TPG to create a new, independent company based on its Intel Security unit in a deal worth about $4.2 billion, a far cry from the $7.6 billion Intel paid for the McAfee security software company in 2010. TPG will own 51 percent of the business and Intel 49 percent. The private equity firm will put another $1.1 billion into the new company to help accelerate its growth. Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager of the Intel Security Group, will become CEO of the new company, which will adopt the McAfee name. Intel officials in 2014 pushed the McAfee brand into the background, renaming the business Intel Security. Hewlett Packard Enterprise is spinning out its enterprise software businesses and merging it with Micro Focus as CEO Meg Whitman continues to pare down the company's product technology portfolio to focus on enterprise infrastructure and services. The deal, announced Sept. 7, comes the same day that one of HPE's biggest rivals, Dell Technologies, completed its $60 billion-plus acquisition of data storage leader EMC, creating a much larger company with a broad reach across the enterprise IT landscape. Where CEO Michael Dell said earlier in the day that scale is important for an IT vendor, Whitman told analysts and journalists during a conference call that with the rapid changes going on in the industry around the cloud, internet of things, data analytics and software-defined infrastructure, HPE needs the focus and agility of a smaller company.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Mobile Phones Why your AT&T iPhone 7 won't work well on Verizon's network Why your AT&T iPhone 7 won't work well on Verizon's network Versions of Apple's new iPhone 7 geared for AT&T and T-Mobile networks reportedly use an Intel chip -- one that doesn't fully support older Verizon and Sprint network technology. Why your AT&T iPhone 7 won't work well on Verizon's network 0 Share: Phones by Stephen Shankland September 9, 2016 11:29 AM PDT @stshank Up Next President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Enlarge Image Some models of Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus reportedly use an Intel radio communications chip.Photo by James Martin/CNET You won't see an "Intel Inside" sticker on your new iPhone 7 the way you do on Windows laptops, but it appears Apple picked the company to supply an important chip for its newest phone. Some models of the Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will use an Intel modem, a critical chip that handles the radio communications linking phones to mobile networks, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday. It's not as important as the central processor, a business Intel pulled back from earlier this year, but it's a prestigious partnership for Intel. And according to Recode it gives Apple more bargaining leverage over Qualcomm, which previously supplied all modem chips. Such deals may seem like obscure business machinations, but it affects everyone. That's because the Intel modems don't work on an older network technology called CDMA used by Verizon and Sprint. That matters if you're considering switching carriers. "The iPhone for AT&T and T-Mobile does not support CDMA and will not work on Sprint or Verizon Wireless," Apple warns on its website. In the longer run, a healthy partnership could help Intel -- now with an expanding foundry business building others' chips -- bring its advanced technology to your pocket by manufacturing iPhone's primary processors, too. Bloomberg reported Intel's modem deal in June, saying it had replaced chips made by Qualcomm in some phones. Apple and Qualcomm declined to comment for this story. Intel didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich was in the audience at the iPhone 7 launch event. Apple likes to control important hardware in its products, and indeed it's done well designing its own central processors like the A10 Fusion in the iPhone 7. But modems are a big pain to develop and support, so it's not surprising they let others handle this component. "Modems are pretty expensive and complicated," said David Kanter, an analyst at Linley Group. In addition, they require complex software and said software stack and tight ties with regulatory agencies around the world for certification, he said. "I have no doubt that Apple could do the software and hardware, but it would require hiring a very large team." Tags Apple Phones Processors Intel Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 18 CNET UK podcast 506: Lego's new home and you'll never drone alone Nov 18 Here are products you can buy only at the Apple Store Nov 18 Products found exclusively at the Apple Store Nov 17 Rumor: 3 new iPhones coming in 2017, only 1 will be OLED All Apple Stories Related Stories Apple's Jony Ive says the iPhone almost didn't happen Actually, this is the best use of 3D Touch on the iPhone yet Checking in? Why Airbnb might be your next business hotel The best phones you need to consider for 2016 Close   Discuss: Why your AT&T iPhone 7 won't work well on... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Rumor: Three new iPhones coming in 2017. Only one will be OLED. Apple's working on digital glasses. How special is the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar? And Apple's selling a book...for $300. by Brian Tong Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
GBP £ US $ EUR € AU $ | My Account Log in | Register My Account | Sign out Log in to your account Forgotten your password? Not yet a member? Register for an account and access leading-edge content on emerging technologies. Register now Close Packt Logo Books & Videos Tech Packt Support Search My Collection Cart Book & Video Categories Web Development Big Data & Business Intelligence Application Development Virtualization & Cloud Game Development Networking & Servers Hardware & Creative Business All Products All Books All Videos Latest Releases 50% off Deal of the Day Build revolutionary and incredibly useful home automation projects with the all-new Pi Zero $14.00 RRP $27.99 Sign up here to get these deals straight to your inbox Tech Android AngularJS Arduino Blender Bootstrap Data Analysis Django Docker Drupal Graphics Programming Hadoop Internet of Things iOS Java JavaScript jQuery Linux Machine Learning OpenCV OpenStack Oracle Penetration Testing PHP PostgreSQL Python QlikView R Scala Spark Spring Swift Unity WordPress Packt Publishing About Us Our Authors Trade & Partners Contact Us Careers Support FAQs Ordering Information Terms & Conditions Code Downloads & Errata Submit Errata Mapt Subscribe Mapt For Business Take me to Mapt Search Added to Cart ...and more You don't have anything in your cart right now. Subtotal 0.00 Free shipping on print orders for US, UK, Europe and selected Asian countries View Cart Check Out   Title added to cart   Home  >  Books  >  Learning IoT with Particle Photon and Electron Introducing IoT with Particle's Photon and Electron Ajith Vasudevan September 2016 In this article by Rashid Khan, Kajari Ghoshdastidar, and Ajith Vasudevan, authors of the book Learning IoT with Particle Photon and Electron, we will have a brief walkthrough of the evolution of Internet of Things (IoT) followed by an overview of the basics of IoT-related software and hardware, which every IoT enthusiast should know. The discussion then moves on to introduce Particle, an IoT company (https://www.particle.io/), followed by a description of Particle's popular IoT products—Core, Photon and Electron. This article will cover following topics: Evolution of IoT Hardware and software in the IoT ecosystem Market survey of IoT development boards and cloud services What is Particle? Summary (For more resources related to this topic, see here.) Evolution of IoT It is not very clear exactly who coined the term IoT. Kevin Ashton (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Ashton) supposedly coined the phrase IoT while working for Procter & Gamble (P&G) in 1999. Kevin was then working on an RFID (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio-frequency_identification) initiative by P&G, and proposed taking the system online to the Internet. In 2005, UN's International Telecommunications Union (ITU) - http://www.itu.int/, published its first report on IoT. In 2008, the global non-profit organization IPSO Alliance (http://www.ipso-alliance.org/) was launched to serve the various communities seeking to establish IoT by providing coordinated marketing efforts available to the general public. IPSO currently has more than 50 member companies including Google, Cisco, Intel, Texas Instruments, Bosch, Atmel. In 2012, IoT Consortium (IoTC) - http://iofthings.org/, was founded to educate technology firms, retailers, insurance companies, marketers, media companies, and the wider business community about the value of IoT. IoTC has more than 60 member companies in the area of hardware, software, and analytics, a few of them being Logitech, Node, and SigFox. A 2014 Forbes article by Gil Press mentions: "Gartner estimates that IoT product and service suppliers will generate incremental revenue exceeding $300 billion in 2020. IDC forecasts that the worldwide market for IoT solutions will grow from $1.9 trillion in 2013 to $7.1 trillion in 2020". Why IoT has become a household word now IoT has, in recent years, become quite popular and an everyday phenomenon primarily due to IoT-related hardware, software, accessories, sensors, and the Internet connection becoming very affordable and user friendly. An explosion in the availability of free Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) and Software Development Kits (SDKs) have made programming and deployment of IoT really simple and easy. Thus, IoT enthusiasts range from school kids, hobbyists, and non-programmers to embedded software engineers specialized in this area. Hardware and software in the IoT ecosystem Advancement in technology and affordability has made acquisition and usage of IoT devices very simple. However, in order to decide which IoT package (boards, accessories, sensors, software) to choose for a particular application, and actually building projects, it is essential to have knowledge of IoT terminology, hardware, and software. In this section, we will introduce the reader to the essential terminology used when dealing with IoT. This will also help the reader understand and appreciate the features of the Particle IoT products—Core, Photon, and Electron. Essential terminology Let's learn about a few terms that we're going to be hearing all throughout this article, and whenever we work with IoT hardware and software components: Term Definition IoT Development Board A development board is essentially a programmable circuit board which wraps an IoT device. The IoT device's processor/microcontroller, memory, communications ports, input-output pins, sensors, Wi-Fi module, and so on are exposed by the development board, in a convenient way, to the user. A board manufacturer usually provides an IDE with it to write and deploy code to the physical board. A development board with the IDE enables rapid prototyping of IoT projects. Microcontroller A microcontroller is a highly compact single Integrated Circuit (IC) with a processor and limited Random Access Memory (RAM) and Read Only Memory (ROM) embedded in it with programmable peripherals. Microcontrollers are "computer on a single chip". Because of its limited memory and architecture constraints, usually, only one specific program is deployable and runnable on a microcontroller at one time. Preprogrammed microcontrollers are used in electrical machinery such as washing machines, dish-washers, microwave, and so on. Microprocessor A microprocessor is a single integrated chip which in itself is a Central Processing Unit (CPU). The microprocessor has separate RAM and ROM modules, and digital inputs and outputs. The Microprocessor CPU is usually more powerful than that of a microcontroller, and there is provision to add larger amounts of memory externally. This makes microprocessors suitable for general-purpose programming, and are used in desktop computers, Laptops, and the like. Flash Memory Flash memory is an electronic non-volatile storage device, for example, USB pen-drives, memory cards, and so on. Data in Flash memory can be erased and rewritten. Unlike RAM, access speed is lower for flash memories, and also unlike RAM, the data stored in flash memory is not erased when power is switched off. Flash memories are generally used as reusable extra storage. RTOS RTOS as the name suggests, RTOS responds to events in real time. This means, as soon as an event occurs, a response is guaranteed within an acceptable and calculable amount of time. RTOS can be hard, firm, or soft depending on the amount of flexibility allowed in missing a task deadline. RTOS is essential in embedded systems, where real-time response is necessary. M2M Machine-to-Machine (M2M) communication encompasses communication between two or more machines (devices, computers, sensors, and so on) over a network (wireless/wired). Basically, a variant of IoT, where things are machines. Cloud Technology Cloud refers to computing resources available for use over a network (usually, the Internet). An end user can use such a resource on demand without having to install anything more than a lightweight client in the local machine. The major resources relevant to IoT include data storage, data analytics, data streaming, and communication with other devices. mBaaS Mobile Backend as a Service (mBaaS) is a infrastructure that provides cloud storage, data streaming, push notifications, and other related services for mobile application developers (web, native, IoT app development). The services are exposed via web-based APIs. BaaS is usually provided as a pay-per-use service. GPIO General Purpose Input Output (GPIO), these are electrical terminals or 'pins' exposed from ICs and IoT devices/boards that can be used to either send a signal to the device from the outside (input mode), or get a signal out from the inside of the device (output mode). Input or Output mode can be configured by the user at runtime. Module Unit of electronics, sometimes a single IC and at other times a group of components that may include ICs, providing a logical function to the device/board. For example, a Wi-Fi module provides Wi-Fi functionality to a board. Other examples are Bluetooth, Ethernet, USB, and so on, Port An electrical or Radio-Frequency-based interface available on a board through which external components can communicate with the board. For example, HDMI, USB, Ethernet, 3.5mm jack, UART (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_asynchronous_receiver/transmitter). Table 1: Terminology Network Protocols Connected smart devices need to communicate with each other, and exchange large volumes of messages between themselves and the cloud. To ensure near real-time response, smart bandwidth usage, and energy savings on the resource-constrained IoT devices, new protocols have been added to the traditional seven-layer network model (OSI model: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OSI_model). The following table shows the major OSI network protocols and the IoT network protocols suitable for various smart, connected devices. Layer Examples of Traditional Network Protocols (OSI) Examples of IoT Network Protocols Application, Presentation, Session HTTP, FTP, SMTP, TLS, RPC, JSON, CSS, GIF, XML CoAP, MQTT, DDS, M2M service layer Transport TCP, UDP UDP, DTLS Network ICMP, IPsec, IPv4, IPv6 6LoWPAN, RPL (Zigbee) Data Link IEEE 802.2, L2TP, LLDP, MAC, PPP IEEE 802.15.4, BLE4.0, RFID, NFC, Cellular Physical DSL, Ethernet physical layer, RS-232, any physical transmission medium (for example, Cables) Wires, Sensor drivers to read from sensor devices Table 2: Layerwise Network Protocols – OSI vs IoT Market survey of IoT development boards and cloud services Here we list some of the most popular IoT boards and cloud services, available in the market at the time of writing this article, with some of their important specifications and features. These tables should help the reader get an idea as to where Particle products fit in on the IoT map. IoT development boards The next table lists the main specifications of popular IoT boards. These specs are the basic details one has to consider while selecting a board—its specifications in terms of processor and speed, memory, available communication modules and ports, and IO Pins. Also, while selecting a board, one has to analyze and match the project's requirements with the available boards, so that the right board is selected for the application in terms of fitment and performance. Board Name Microcontroller Microprocessor Memory Modules Ports IO Pins Raspberry Pi 1/2/3 Broadcom SoC BCM2835/6/7 Single/Quad-core ARM 11/Cortex-A7/A53 CPU, VideoCore IV GPU 256MB/512MB/1 GB RAM Ethernet, Wi-Fi, Serial UART, I2C HDMI, USB, Ethernet (RJ45), GPIO 26/40/40 Arduino Mini ATmega328 NA 32 KB Flash 2 KB SRAM NA NA 14 Arduino Yun ATmega32u4 Atheros AR9331 32 KB Flash 2.5 KB SRAM, 16 MB Flash, 64 MB RAM Wi-Fi, Ethernet USB, Ethernet (RJ45) 20 Intel Edison MCU at 100 MHz ( Intel Atom Soc) Dual-core CPU at 500 MHz (Intel Atom Soc) 4 GB Flash, 1 GB RAM Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0 USB, UART, SPI, GPIO 28 Libelium Waspmote ATmega1281 NA 128 KB Flash, 8 KB SRAM Temp, Humidity, Light Sensors, (optional) GPS UART, I2C, SPI, USB 19 NodeMCU ESP8266 ESP 8266 SoC ESP-12 module 4 MB Flash Wi-Fi, Serial UART, ADC UART, GPIO, SPI 14 BeagleBone Black Sitara SoC AM3358/9 AM335x 1 GHz ARM Cortex-A8 512 MB RAM, 2/4 GB flash storage Ethernet, Serial UART, ADC, I2C Ethernet (RJ45), HDMI, USB, GPIO 24 CubieBoard ARM Cortex-A8 CPU AllWinner A10 SoC 512 MB/ 1 GB RAM, 4 GB flash memory Ethernet, Serial UART, ADC, I2C Ethernet (RJ45) , USB, SATA 96 Table 3: IoT development Boards Cloud services (PaaS, BaaS, M2M) It is important to know what kind of cloud service we will be dealing with, and whether our board has open standards and allows us to use our own personal service easily, or whether the board-provided service needs some manipulation to use in the current project. Cloud Service Name Salient Features Amazon Web Services (https://aws.amazon.com/) Microsoft Azure (https://azure.microsoft.com/) Cloud Foundry (https://www.cloudfoundry.org/) IBM Bluemix (http://www.ibm.com/cloud-computing/bluemix/) Platform as a Service (PaaS) Infrastructure (VM, Storage), Big Data Analytics, Application Services, Deployment and Management, Mobile and Device Services Parse (http://www.parse.com/) Kinvey (http://www.kinvey.com/) AnyPresence (http://www.anypresence.com/) Appcelerator (http://www.appcelerator.com/) mBaaS ThingWorx (https://www.thingworx.com/) M2M offering from PTC (http://www.ptc.com/) Table 4: Cloud services What is Particle? Particle (https://www.particle.io), formerly known as Spark, is a company started by Zach Supalla. It provides hardware and software for development of IoT projects. Journey of Particle The first company started by Zach Supalla in 2011 was known as Hex Goods, and it sold designer products online. In early 2012, Hex Goods was shut down, and Zach started a second company called Switch Devices, which dealt with connected lighting. Switch Devices was then renamed Spark Devices. The name Spark was used as it provided a double meaning to the founders. Spark stood for spark of light and also sparks of inspiration. In early 2013, Spark transformed to an IoT platform for engineers and developers. The name Spark also did not last long as the founders felt Spark created confusion for a lot of users. There exist 681 live trademarks that include the word Spark. Apart from the number of trademarks, there are some other great, unrelated software and hardware products employing the name Spark in them—some of them being Apache Spark, SparkFun, and Spark NZ. It has been reported that a lot of people logged on to Zach's #spark IRC channel and asked doubts about big data. The name Particle was finally chosen, as it gave plenty of room to grow in terms of products and offerings. Particle, in scientific terms, is a single discreet unit within a larger system. The name draws a parallel with the mission of Particle—the company which provides development kits and devices as single units used to build the greater whole of IoT. We'll cover Particle IoT products in depth, and see how and when they perform better than other IoT development boards. Why Particle? Today, the most recurring problem with all existing IoT prototyping boards is that of connectivity. In order to connect the existing boards to the Internet, additional components such as Wi-Fi or GSM modules have to be attached in the development environment as well as in production. Attaching external devices for communication is cumbersome, and adds another point of failure with frequent issues such as Internet unavailability, intermittent network connectivity, and so on. This leads to a bad experience for the developer. Developers have to frequently (re)write code, deploy it onto the device(s), test, debug, fix any bugs, rinse, and repeat. The problem with code deployment with existing boards is that the boards need to be connected to a computer, which means for even the smallest code update, the device/board needs to be connected to the developer's computer, either by moving the computer to the device (which may be located at a not-so-easily accessible location) or vice versa. This poses a problem when the device, after an update at the developer's site, has to be placed back in its original production environment for testing and debugging the new changes. This means large turnaround times to load new code into production. Particle provides products that have built-in Wi-Fi modules or GSM modules, which help in easy connection to a network or the internet, with support for OTA (Over-The-Air) code deployment. This removes the hassle of adding extra modules on the prototyping boards for connectivity, and it also allows for pushing code or testing/debugging on site. As previously mentioned, one of the important features which differentiates Particle products from other devices is the Particle device's ability of deployment of code over the air. New code can be deployed onto the device or burnt, as the process is called in embedded systems' parlance, via REST API calls, which makes it very convenient to provide updates. This feature of Particle products helps in faster code release cycle and testing/debugging. What does Particle offer? Particle offers a suite of hardware and software tools to help prototype, scale, and manage the IoT products. It also provides the ability to build cloud-connected IoT prototypes quickly. If you're satisfied with your prototype and want to productize your IoT design, no problem there. It helps us to go from a single prototype to millions of units with a cloud platform that can scale as the number of devices grow. The popular Particle hardware devices are listed as follows: Core: A tiny Wi-Fi development kit for prototyping and scaling your IoT product. Reprogrammable and connected to the cloud, this has now been superseded by the Photon. Photon: A tiny Wi-Fi development kit for prototyping and scaling your IoT product. Reprogrammable and connected to the cloud. Electron: A tiny development kit for creating 2G/3G cellular connected products. The Photon and the Core are bundled with Wi-Fi modules, which help them connect to a network or the Internet without adding any extra modules. The Electron has a 3G/2G GSM module, which can be used to send or receive messages directly or connect to the Internet. The firmware for the Photon, Electron, and Core can be written in a web-based IDE provided by Particle, and the deployment of the firmware code to the device is done over-the-air. Particle also offers SDKs for mobile and web to extend the IoT experience from the devices/sensors to the phone and web. Summary In this article, we learnt about IoT, and how it all began. We briefly touched upon major organizations involved in IoT, common terminology used, and we looked at different hardware products and cloud services we have available for building IoT projects.  Resources for Article: Further resources on this subject: Identity and Access-Management Solutions for the IoT [article] Internet of Things with BeagleBone [article] The Internet of Things [article] You've been reading an excerpt of: Learning IoT with Particle Photon and Electron Explore Title Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Understanding Docker Scott Gallagher New & Popular Posts Training neural networks efficiently using Keras Sebastian Raschka Training and Visualizing a neural network with R Yu-Wei, Chiu (David Chiu) Types, Variables, and Function Techniques Nathan Rozentals Dealing with a Mess Tony Fischetti Understanding Material Design Kyle Mew Adding a Spark to R Dr. Hari M. Koduvely Recommending Movies at Scale (Python) Tony Ojeda Java C# Android Python JavaScript Contact Us Get in touch here if you have any queries or issues. Help & Support Click here for FAQs, order information, T&Cs, errata and code downloads. Alerts & Offers Sign up to our emails for regular updates, bespoke offers, exclusive discounts and great free content. © Packt Publishing Limited. All Rights Reserved Contact Us View our Cookie Policy Our Privacy Policy Series & Level We understand your time is important. Uniquely amongst the major publishers, we seek to develop and publish the broadest range of learning and information products on each technology. Every Packt product delivers a specific learning pathway, broadly defined by the Series type. This structured approach enables you to select the pathway which best suits your knowledge level, learning style and task objectives. Learning As a new user, these step-by-step tutorial guides will give you all the practical skills necessary to become competent and efficient. Beginner's Guide Friendly, informal tutorials that provide a practical introduction using examples, activities, and challenges. Essentials Fast paced, concentrated introductions showing the quickest way to put the tool to work in the real world. Cookbook A collection of practical self-contained recipes that all users of the technology will find useful for building more powerful and reliable systems. Blueprints Guides you through the most common types of project you'll encounter, giving you end-to-end guidance on how to build your specific solution quickly and reliably. Mastering Take your skills to the next level with advanced tutorials that will give you confidence to master the tool's most powerful features. Starting Accessible to readers adopting the topic, these titles get you into the tool or technology so that you can become an effective user. Progressing Building on core skills you already have, these titles share solutions and expertise so you become a highly productive power user.
Home News/Features Back Central and East Ireland Midlands North East North West South East South West Wales Yorkshire Events Publications Subscriptions Guides Newsletters Databases Directories Back Corporate Finance Services Education Directory Professional Services Directory Property Directory Memberships Advertising About us Central & East East Midlands Ireland North East North West South East South West Wales West Midlands Yorkshire Type in the area above to perform a search. Results will appear on the next page Login or Register Basket empty 0161 907 9711 Insider Media Limited News/Features Regional News Central and East Ireland Midlands North East North West South East South West Wales Yorkshire Newsletters Subscribe to our newsletters View Newsletters Blogs & Experts Insider Blogs Expert Articles Insider Survey Results Events Regional Events Central and East Ireland Midlands North East North West South East South West Wales Yorkshire National Next Event Swansea Bay City Region Debate 2016 23 Nov 2016 Wales Event Enquiries For further information regarding Insider events, please use the contact details below: T: 0161 907 9758 E: eventenquiry@newsco.com Search for an Event Upcoming Business Events Past Business Events Archive Events Coverage Archive Publications Publications Midlands Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue December 2016 Issue This month Insider published its influential Rich List in which we name the Midlands’ wealthiest business people and the families and outline how they made their fortunes. We also profile Sir John Peace, chairman of the new Midlands Engine, report on our first International Trade Forum and show how business owners who have sold up can invest and protect their wealth. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice North West Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue November 2016 Issue In this issue we reveal the SME 300, charting the region's most successful small and medium-sized businesses. There’s also coverage from the 42 Under 42 event with Gary Neville and Jennifer Atkinson, a special report on the region’s architects, and we take a look at the burgeoning opportunities and challenges presented by big data and the advent of the 4th industrial revolution. Plus the latest on industrial property development, marketing for manufacturers and much more. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice South West Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue November 2016 Issue In this edition we reveal the Top 100 South West companies doing well oversees, interview GripIt Fixings’ CEO and Dragon’s Den entrepreneur Jordan Daykin, and find out how you can combat the threat of cyber crime. Plus there’s a look at industrial and office space and coverage of the South West Property Awards. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice Wales Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue November 2016 Issue Featuring interviews with Ken Skates, the Welsh Government’s economy and infrastructure minister; Ashley Cooper of InspireWales and Catalyst Growth Partners; and Mike Garland of M&J Europe. Plus the Wales Rich List, Growth 100 ranking, law firm report, property sector trends, training and development and business lunches. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice Yorkshire Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue November 2016 Issue November’s magazine includes an interview with Richard Butterfield from Principle Group – this month’s Entrepreneur of the Month. His business has grown from his own ideals to become a globally competitive enterprise, driving change and developing not just the company but the market of global brand implementation. He is honest, to the point and clear: there is no smoke and no mirrors; his business success is founded on sticking to his principles. We also carry a feature about funding the Northern Powerhouse, and the conversation from a breakfast event with Sir Nigel Knowles and Sir Steve Houghton. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice Insider Guides Latest Guide Invest Humber Guide 2016 Invest Humber Guide 2016: The Global Gateway to the Northern Powerhouse. You don't get 'owt for nowt. There are a variety of idioms which could appropriately describe the Northern Powerhouse,... View Publication View All Guides Other Guides Commercial Property Dealmakers Education Give this to your PA Location... Made in the UK Misc. Property Investment SME Growth Subscriptions Databases Directories Business Directories Corporate Finance Services Recent entries Irwin Mitchell, Leeds Mazars LLP, West Midlands Mills & Reeve Eastern, Norwich Wells Fargo Capital Finance, London Bond Dickinson, Newcastle Upon Tyne Search Corporate Finance Services   Greenwoods Solicitors LLP, Peterborough Business Growth Fund, London Eversheds LLP, Birmingham Capital Law, Cardiff Reach Commercial Finance, Manchester Add your business profile Education Directory Recent entries Search Education Directory   Add your business profile Professional Services Directory Recent entries La Salle Corporate, Manchester BHP Chartered Accountants, Yorkshire Slater Heelis LLP, Sale Mogers Drewett, Bath Curtins, Liverpool Search Professional Services Directory   Gordon Brown Law Firm LLP, Newcastle upon Tyne HLW Keeble Hawson LLP, Sheffield Brabners, Manchester RSM North East, Newcastle upon Tyne Grant Thornton UK LLP, Manchester Add your business profile Property Directory Recent entries Savills, Birmingham Network Space, Newton Le Willows Yorkshire Bank, Manchester Cushman & Wakefield LLP North, Manchester Slater & Gordon, Manchester Search Property Directory   Bilfinger GVA, Leeds Bilfinger GVA, Bristol Alder King, Bristol Pervaiz Naviede Family Trust, LPC Living, Salford Quays Add your business profile Advertising About Us Home News Ireland Matthew Ord Digital Staff Writer Intel set to acquire Movidius 8th Sep 2016 Ireland Matthew Ord Silicon Valley company Movidius, which has major operations in Dublin, looks set to be acquired by Intel. Movidius is a vision processing business whose products are used in the likes of virtual reality headsets, drones, home automation and wearables. Its mission is to "give the power of sight to machines". Tech giant Intel has confirmed its intention to acquire Movidius, saying it sees "massive potential" for the California-headquartered company. Remi El-Ouazzane, chief executive of Movidius, said he was "excited" by the deal. "When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that's just the beginning," he added. "We're on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. "Movidius has been attacking this challenge at the device level – combining advanced algorithms with dedicated low-power hardware. At Intel, we'll be part of a team that is attacking this challenge from the cloud, through the network and on the device. This is very exciting." Last year, Movidius revealed plans to create up to 100 jobs in Ireland after securing $40m (£27.2m/€37.8m) in funding. The investment was led by Summit Bridge Capital, the China-Ireland growth technology fund co-managed by Atlantic Bridge Capital and WestSummit Capital, with the money being used to further drive software and hardware product innovation. Taoiseach Enda Kenny said the investment would "boost Irish exports" in the growing computer vision technology sector. Pictured (L-R): Remi El-Ouazzane and Josh Walden, Intel senior vice president of new technologies Sector News Equistone-backed firm buys Hibernian Business Equipment 10th Nov 2016 Ireland Kainos praised during milestone year 9th Nov 2016 Ireland Arkk Solutions to create Belfast jobs 9th Nov 2016 Ireland Fleetmatics Group completes Berlin acquisition 2nd Nov 2016 Ireland Related Tags Movidius Intel Remi El-Ouazzane Silicon Valley Contact Us Got a news story for us? Contact us using the details below Matthew Ord, Digital Staff Writer T: 0161 907 9715 E: matthew.ord@newsco.com Interested in advertising with Insider? Contact us on: Clare Power, Business Development Manager T: 0161 907 9725 E: clare.power@newsco.com Most read Gaelectric to open latest NI wind farm Spar to expand Titanic Quarter presence Related articles BDNA makes Belfast move NI tech firms eye US deals Movidius funding boost secures Deal of the Month Movidius to create 100 jobs after $40m boost San Fran route could boost Irish investment Silicon Valley fast track scheme launched Caulfield hails Aepona deal Intel Aepona acquisition hailed Why not subscribe to our email newsletter Products & Services News/Features Newsletters Events Publications Guides Databases Business Directories Useful Links Login/Register Membership Advertising Sponsor Opportunities About Insider About us Contact us Vacancies Contact Us T: 0161 907 9711 Follow Us © Newsco Insider Limited | Registered in England and Wales with Number 02709518 rights reserved Sitemap | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy & Cookies × Advertisement We use cookies to make your experience better. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more. ×
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»INTC Stock: Intel Corporation Expects Windfall From McAfee INTEL CORPORATION 32,831  Euro -0,056 -0,17 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 18:03 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,821 32,928 18:49 32,818 32,881 18:49 09.09.2016 | 13:04 (17 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) ProfitConfidential.com·Mehr Nachrichten von ProfitConfidential.com INTC Stock: Intel Corporation Expects Windfall From McAfee Intel Stock Poised for Growth Know when to cut your losses. It's a good rule for investors and business managers alike, which is why I'm happy to see Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) spinning off its McAfee division. The cybersecurity arm was nothing but a drag on Intel stock. Analysts, myself included, were skeptical when Intel bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011. (Source: "Intel Spins Out Security Business With Private Equity. Den vollständigen Artikel lesen ... © 2016 ProfitConfidential.com Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 Closing The Book On Intel And Vuzix ► Artikel lesen 16:21 Tech Today: Salesforce, Marvell Surge, Apple's Inventory, Intel's A.I. ► Artikel lesen 15:46 Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good ► Artikel lesen 15:22 Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,831 -0,17 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
null
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Movidius founders eye future as they cash in chips with sale to Intel Acquisition of Irish chipmaker boosts tech giant’s ambitions in internet of things Fri, Sep 9, 2016, 05:30 Ciara O'Brien Movidius founders Seán Mitchell and David Moloney and chief financial officer John Burke. Photograph: Cyril Byrne         When Irish chipmaker Movidius was bought by Intel earlier this week, it made headlines all around the world. But for founders Seán Mitchell and David Moloney and their staff it was business as usual. “We were back at our desks in the morning working away again,” says Mitchell, the company’s chief operating officer. “We’ve committed to making sure Intel realises the [company’s] value, promise and potential and we have a job to do for many years to ensure that will be the case. There’s no retirement yet, I’m afraid.” Movidius can be considered one of the Irish tech industry’s biggest success stories. Amid a string of high-profile deals for its vision-sensing technology, including with Google and drone maker DJI, the company caught Intel’s attention. But the founders have not been cracking open the champagne yet, as there is more work to do before deal is finalised. “We may wait until it’s actually closed,” Mitchell says. He is hopeful that everything will be signed off long before the end of the year, bringing an element of stability to the company and leaving Movidius to get on with what it does best: developing its technology. Internet of things From Intel’s point of view, this is a boost to its ambitions in the internet-of-things sector, and it seems to be throwing its might behind the Irish firm and its products. Management and staff are all staying on after the acquisition is closed. Intel is believed to have paid more than €350 million for the Irish firm, though neither side will disclose the terms of the deal. “The technology obviously has a certain value but without the team it’s very tough to diffuse that and make the most of it,” says Mitchell. “Ultimately they want to see the fruit of the work having an impact on the world and they see this as great opportunity to accelerate that even faster.” ADVERTISEMENT It’s been a dramatic turnaround for a company that, a few years ago, was facing some tough decisions. Mitchell has previously described the period between the company’s first-generation chip and investing in its second-generation Myriad 2 as “very much a touch-and-go period”. But the company managed to sign up new investors, and went on to develop Myriad 2 and raise a further $100 million in funding. Atlantic Bridge, Bosch and Draper Esprit all came on board as investors. Mitchell says that was a watershed point for the company. “It reinvigorated the composition of the board as well,” he explains. “We brought on board some fairly high-profile independent directors as well.” Those new members included a new chairman, Dan Dobberpuhl, whom Mitchell describes as an industry legend with several successful companies to his name. “We’ve really enjoyed working with the guys over the years. It will be sad in some ways to move on from that,” he says. “I’m also personally delighted when people who believed in us get some reward for having done so. In the end, that’s their business, and they had the foresight to make some bets on the things they believed in. It’s great to see some of it pay off for them.” It also takes Movidius out of the fundraising rat race, a process Mitchell admits can be distracting, despite the company’s previous success at raising cash. “It was clear that staying independent as an option was certainly going to require a lot of money,” he says. “Given the way the markets are developing and becoming very competitive now, I think going this route give us an option to accelerate things and take advantage of the scale and reach that a partner like Intel has.” There are no specifics yet about how Movidius will work under this new partnership with Intel; those details are still being hammered out. But Mitchell says there are plans to continue Movidius’s work and even invest further. Dominance “I think it’s going to get very competitive and like many of these things the company that really dominates it is the one that ends up getting something out of it. Second place is barely able to survive. I think a lot of people are trying to be aggressive in these markets and getting to a place of dominance,” he says. “Intel has fantastic process technology and manufacturing capability, it has tremendous reach and great technology, great teams. Also, I think – not to be dismissed – it’s a company of extremely high integrity. I think you couldn’t look for a better home for the team and partner to help us realise the vision where we think the technology can go.” He is clear about where he thinks the next step is: dominating the market. In Movidius’s vision of the future, the company wants to be the dominant force in the internet of things, where machine intelligence is key, and essentially become the de facto platform for those type of applications. The weight of Intel behind it could give it that extra momentum. “This is not in any way an end point,” he says. “It’s a next step, really, the next chapter in the journey.”       Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Technology Ireland could be facing even bigger recession, Martin warns Work Pre-meetings key to successful meetings on contentious issues International Rory Best: We need our best performance ever Business Fold-away €5 bike helmet wins Dyson award Sponsored Designing the F-Pace: the story of Jaguar's best-seller HR managers need a simplified approach to pensions World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Airbnb takes on tourism industry with move into excursions 17:10 Three UK hit by data breach but no risk to Irish customers 16:28 Abercrombie & Fitch shares slide as sales miss estimates 15:52 Draghi warns against allowing Central Bank to cap mortgage rates 15:50 Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space 15:39 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest landlord: ‘I feel bad for the Irish people’ 2 Public sector pay rises? We cannot afford them 3 May’s changing vocabulary signals shift from ‘hard Brexit’ 4 Donald Trump’s team reveals surprising lack of global business knowledge 5 Draghi warns against allowing Central Bank to cap mortgage rates 6 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent once again 7 Donald Trump victory triggers surge in jobseeking in Ireland 8 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up 9 Airbnb takes on tourism industry with move into excursions 10 Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 18/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Faith, Values, Family Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Volleyball Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Gift Guide Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Intel will spin out McAfee security business intel_d1x_logo_graves.JPG The deal is a tacit acknowledgment of an expensive misstep for Intel, which paid $7.7 billion in cash for McAfee six years ago. (Mark Graves/The Oregonian) Print Email Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 07, 2016 at 1:32 PM, updated September 07, 2016 at 3:43 PM comments Intel confirmed Wednesday that it will spin out its online security division, currently known as Intel Security, and restore its original name – McAfee. Private equity firm TPG will own 51 percent of the new company and Intel will retain the remainder of the business. Intel will get $3.1 billion in cash in the deal, which values the new McAfee at $4.2 billion. Wednesday's deal is a tacit acknowledgment of an expensive misstep for Intel, which paid $7.7 billion in cash for McAfee six years ago. The deal, which carried an unusually large 60 percent premium on McAfee's share price, was Intel's largest acquisition ever at that time. It represented a major bet for Intel, which gambled it could integrate online security software into its microprocessors. Intel never achieved that pairing and the security group sat in an awkward spot in the chipmaker's portfolio. Former Intel President Renée James shepherded the McAfee deal in 2010 but left the company last year, leaving the security business without a champion inside Intel. Intel vice president Chris Young, who currently runs the security business, will be McAfee's chief executive following the deal. "Those of us in the industry, and those defending their businesses and families, have the unique privilege of standing on the good side of a fight that is too important to lose," Young wrote in a letter announcing the deal. "With that in mind, I'm convinced this move marks the beginning of a new future for our customers, partners, and employees." Intel Security currently operates out of offices at Intel's headquarters in Santa Clara, California, and at another site in Plano, Texas. Intel said McAfee hasn't determined where its headquarters will be; Young currently works at the chipmaker's offices in Santa Clara. Eccentric tech entrepreneur John McAfee founded the security company named for him in 1987 and it rapidly grew into one of the leading companies for protecting personal computers against viruses. McAfee's behavior grew increasingly odd after he left the company and he briefly moved to Portland in 2013 after police in Belize named him a "person of interest" in a murder there. McAfee left the online security company in 1994 and no longer has any connection to it, except that it will again bear his name. Earlier this week, he sued Intel over the use of the McAfee brand. TPG said it will invest an additional $1.1 billion to help establish the new McAfee as an independent business. The Financial Times reported in June that Intel was in discussions to sell the security business. -- Mike Rogoway mrogoway@oregonian.com 503-294-7699 @rogoway Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Advertise with us Contact the newsroom Frequently Asked Questions Join our team Our Journalists Contact Subscriber Services Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Clark County Gresham Portland Washington County More Local News Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Forums Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Healthcare Nursing Climate Science Environmental Science Agriculture Education Kidney Disease Nature Environmental Health All Journal News U.S. Politics U.S. Elections News Immigration Zika Virus Guns and Violence Cybersecurity Volcanoes National Infrastructure Drought Wildfires  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions University of Vermont Yale Cancer Center Mount Sinai Health System Universite de Montreal American Society of Nephrology (ASN) Virginia Tech University of Virginia Darden School Foundation Boise State University About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > Cyber Skills in High Demand Well Into the Future By Ron Schneiderman / September 2016 Article ID: 660345 Released: 7-Sep-2016 10:05 AM EDT Source Newsroom: IEEE Media Recruitment Services Add to Favorites more news from this source Share MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CITATIONS CHANNELS Economics, Engineering, Technology, Cybersecurity, Local - New York, Local - New York Metro KEYWORDS Cybersecurity, Cybersecurity Job Market, Hiring Outlook, job opportunities , Cybersecurity Job Opportunities, Job Economy, Technology Job Market, Engineering Job Market + Show More Newswise — The cybersecurity job market is wide open—if you have the skills. If you don’t, there are plenty of opportunities to get up to speed and perhaps boost future career opportunities. Foote Partners, which tracks information technology (IT) jobs across all skill levels, projects the global demand for cybersecurity talent will climb to six million by 2019 with an expected shortfall of 1.5 million professionals. “We’re going to need as many people as possible to ‘hit the ground running’ to meet the demand,” notes Foote. “Without a doubt, a cybersecurity skills gap has developed on a global basis,” Foote notes in its recently published IT Skills and Certifications Pay Index. “The fact is, it’s going to take years to narrow this particular skills gap, but we’ll get there if the money and incentives are sufficient to get vendors, employers, and training organizations focused on the solution.” With a lack of widely accepted definitions, descriptions, or requirements for cybersecurity positions, Foote says employers are becoming much more aware that they don’t have the right people in their security departments. “They may have good technical people who can fix firewalls and implement basic perimeter solutions,” Foote says in its study. “But what’s missing are enough of the sort of people who can make the case for cybersecurity being linked to business challenges and business developments. That’s going to be the significant weakness. The linkage between the business and the infosecurity practice is still too weak in practice despite a lot of interest in the subject.” While some political leaders have called for increased support for developing the cybersecurity workforce, 76 percent of respondents to the Intel Security/CSIS survey say their governments are not investing enough in meeting the demand for cybersecurity jobs. And more than half of the survey’s respondents believe the cyber skills shortage is worse than talent deficits in other IT specialties, which emphasize continuing education and training. “Government and the private sector haven’t brought enough urgency to solving the cybersecurity talent shortage” says Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager of Intel Security Group, which published Hacking the Skills Shortage in a partnership with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Microsoft has been very vocal about advancing the development of cybersecurity in the Internet of Things (IoT) and globally-relevant IoT standards. The company recently suggested policy actions that government might take to help promote IoT, including establishing a joint government and industry standing body to pursue guidelines for cybersecurity, and reviewing and recommending research and development funding and investment in cybersecurity. IOT JOB RECRUITMENTS Market projections and the rapid development of IoT products and services have become a major influence in cyber recruitment. “The emphasis on analytics is apparent and turning those analytics to address the security issues is something IoT developers are doing now,” says Janel Garvin, CEO of Evans Data Corp., another market research firm. Gartner predicts that by 2020, more than 25 percent of identified attacks in enterprises will involve IoT, although IoT will account for less than 10 percent of IT security budgets. Another study by AT&T, The CEO’s Guide to Securing the Internet of Things, reports that 90 percent of organizations it surveyed lack full confidence in their IoT security. A survey of IoT “stakeholders” by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) identifies “workforce development” as a major issue in cybersecurity. (NIST recently published Networks of ‘Things,’ to define the IoT and to help researchers better understand IoT security challenges.) GETTING WITH THE PROGRAM One bright spot in putting a dent in the shortage of qualified cyber “talent” is the growing number of university-level and company, and even government-sponsored cyber training programs. Security certifications posted the highest gains among all IT certification categories over the last three, six, and 12 months, according to Foote data. Cisco Systems recently announced that it plans to cut 5,500 jobs in a corporate-wide shift to higher-margin software programs, including security. In the weeks before the announcement, Cisco posted 88 “software engineering jobs in security” on its Careers website, and said it would invest US $10 million in a two-year Global Cybersecurity Scholarship program to help close the security skills gap. Cisco will offer training, mentoring, and certification that align with Security Operations Center Analyst industry job requirements. Cisco also recently introduced a Cyber Ops Certification to its portfolio of security certifications and revised its Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert (CCIE) Security Certification to address new expert-level skills. Stanford University has added a new course in network security to its online Stanford Advanced Computer Security Certificate program and updated its emerging threats and defenses course to reflect the latest knowledge. Brown University has launched a 16-month Executive Master in Cybersecurity program starting in the fall 2016 for “highly driven individuals” with five to 15 years of professional and managerial experience. Stevens Institute of Technology in New Jersey now features an undergraduate program in cybersecurity in its computer science curriculum. Boston University offers a Master’s in Computer Information Systems with a concentration in security that is certified by the Committee on National Security Systems under the National Security Agency’s INFOSEC Education and Training Program, and is recognized by the NSA and U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The DHS, meanwhile, has developed its own Cybersecurity Internship Program to recruit people from the nation’s top undergraduate and graduate programs. DHS interns make approximately $5,800 under the full-time 10 week program, but must be U.S. citizens and be enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program with a major in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, software engineering, or a related discipline. India’s National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) is working with the Data Security Council of India and the security software firm Symantec to launch National Occupational Standards, a program aimed at creating a pool of certified cybersecurity professionals in the country. Singapore Telecommunications Limited has formed the Singel Cyber Security Institute to train new IT professionals in basic cybersecurity skills. Accenture, a global professional services company, has opened a cybersecurity center in Bangalore to offer a broad range of cyber defense services. WHO’S HIRING (AND HOW)? Who’s hiring? At this point, government agencies and companies big and small. According to a list published by the University of Maryland University College, which offers degrees in cybersecurity, the top 10 employers of cybersecurity professionals are (in order) Northrop Grumman, General Dynamics, Science Applications International Corp., ManTech International, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Booz Allen Hamilton, Hewlett-Packard, Dell, CACI, and Accenture. The most in-demand cyber skills? The University of Maryland identifies firewalls, network security, Linux, Unix, CISA, cryptography, transmission control protocol/Internet protocol (TCP/IP), system and network configuration, and scanners as the focus of much of its curriculum. Where do you find this much sought after cybersecurity talent? One strategy is to just buy it. A study by The Economist Intelligence Unit, commissioned by Cognizant, calls it acqui-hiring—where companies buy other companies to acquire the talent and skill sets of their personnel rather than their products and services. This is hardly new to technology-based industries. In August, Cambridge, UK-based ARM Holdings, which acquired Israel-based Sansa Security a year ago, added about 40 engineers to the Sansa security engineering team, and about 90 of Sansa’s engineers have joined ARM. “ARM Israel is growing rapidly and we are currently recruiting talented engineers to join our team, with a number of positions open,” says Yaron Magber, director of engineering and design center manager. Magber says the design center is heavily focused on software development with an emphasis on IoT security, “which generates a lot of interest among local engineers.” Magber says much of the focus is on embedded real-time software development on devices and coding using C and other structured languages for Linux and Android targets, through to Cloud-based Software as a Service (SaaS) technologies. “The Israeli market is highly competitive and vibrant, with many large multinationals offering compelling benefits, professional challenges, and an international atmosphere,” says Magber. “Our local HR team recruits by approaching candidates directly, and may also receive job applications via channels such as LinkedIn or the ARM website.” Analog Devices, Inc. appears to have made a similar move with the acquisition of the Cyber Security Solutions business of Sypris Electronics LLC, which works mostly with military and other government organizations. The CSS team will remain in Tampa, FL and West Lafayette, IN and form the core of ADI's new Secure Technology Group. ADI says it expects the acquisition to create new opportunities for the company in IoT, industrial, and automotive markets. “It is very competitive,” says Jason Taylor, chief technology officer at Security Innovation, which offers a variety of cyber services, including consulting and training through its offices in Seattle, Wilmington MA, and New Taipei City, Taiwan. “Most of our hires are job-ready, or at least 90 percent of the way there. We also hire interns who may not have any security experience but do have good CS skills and proven ability to learn quickly.” Security Innovation job candidates must submit a resume, complete a questionnaire and a series of tests (that may include a take-home coding question), undergo a background check, a phone screen, and a series of interviews. “We’re looking for deep technical skills, a good understanding of application security and the soft skills necessary to be a good consultant and partner to our customers,” says Taylor. “In the future, we will probably need more knowledge of IoT and embedded technology.” “GOVERNMENT” JOB OPPORTUNITIES While you can find jobs in the field just about anywhere, the Baltimore and Washington, D.C. metro areas have some of the highest concentration of cybersecurity jobs in the United States. U.S. government agencies, such as the NSA, DHS, NIST, and the Department of Defense (DoD), and government contractors normally require that cybersecurity job applicants be U.S. citizens and have a security clearance, or can obtain one. U.S. intelligence agencies, along with the DoD (which says it hopes to hire 6,000 cybersecurity specialists in 2016), are competing with commercial contractors for cybersecurity tech talent. So is the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which is actively seeking candidates for computer scientists positions located throughout its 56 field offices. All applications must have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or Bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. The DHS is hiring cybersecurity specialists and is especially interested in people with experience in digital forensics, network analysis, system administration, computer network defense, and incident response. (More specific information is available on the US-CERT Career website or USAJOBS.com.) The DHS has created a government-wide framework that establishes a set of standard qualifications for cybersecurity personnel for federal agencies. The program, called the National Cybersecurity Workforce Framework, organizes specialty areas into seven categories that define tasks and skills. The framework provides a national standard to align cybersecurity education, jobs, and professional development. The DHS has also developed a Cybersecurity Workforce Development Toolkit, which provides tips and tools to plan and build an organization’s cybersecurity workforce. The Toolkit includes templates and activity checklists for recruiting and retaining cybersecurity tech talent. The DHS also maintains the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Careers and Studies (NICCS) Cybersecurity Training Catalog, which is the nation’s largest searchable repository of cybersecurity training, with access to more than 2,000 cybersecurity courses. Under the DHS Framework academic institutions and training vendors can qualify to become an approved NICCS Training Provider. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has also taken more of an interest in privacy protection. FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler recently told a conference that the commission expects to become more involved in promoting cybersecurity through some form of regulation, particularly as more high-frequency bands are opened up to accommodate 5G networks, and in vehicle-to-vehicle communications. And in August, the European Commission (EC) signed a contract for a public-private partnership with the European Cyber Security Organization (ECSO) ASBL. Representing the private sector, ECSO says it will work directly with the EC to improve Europe's industrial policy on cybersecurity. While staffing plans are still not clear, ECSO will host its first working group meetings beginning in September. MILITARY CYBER PROCUREMENTS Not surprisingly, military interest in cyberspace is picking up, with much of the work being conducted by outside tech talent. In March, the U.S. Marine Corps launched the Marine Corps Cyberspace Warfare Group to “perform both defensive and offensive cyber operations in support of United States Cyber Command and Marine Forces Cyberspace Command.” While the group is already active, it has joined with the U. S. Navy Fleet Cyber Command in issuing a solicitation for a contract valued at $26 million to cyber train its military and civilian employees. In July, the U.S. Navy awarded Lockheed Martin Corp.’s Space Systems unit in Sunnyvale, CA an $8.3 million contract to make cybersecurity upgrades to the Navy’s submarine-launched nuclear missiles. The U.S. Air Force has also awarded a four-year cybersecurity training contract with a maximum value of $6.4 million to root9B, an organization of former government and military cyber operations experts. How much can you make as a cybersecurity professional? Foote Partners’ most recent IT Professional Salary Survey update (July data) says cyber specialists are averaging $99,000 in base salary in 67 U.S. cities. Senior level specialists are averaging $117,523 with a top average salary of $147,655 in San Jose. Certified Cyber Forensic Professionals and CyberSecurity Forensic Analyst certifications are currently among the highest paying IT certifications in the entire Foote Pay Index. Noncertified cybersecurity skills also rose 6.3 percent in market value in the first six months of 2016. About the Author Ron Schneiderman is the author of Modern Standardization -- Case Studies at the Crossroads of Technology, Economics and Politics, published by John Wiley & Sons. Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2016 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 0.4404 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Trying Out Eight BSDs On A Modern PC: Some Are Smooth, Others Troublesome Written by Michael Larabel in Operating Systems on 6 September 2016. Page 1 of 2. 20 Comments Following the seven-way Linux distribution benchmark comparison published earlier this week, on the same system I set out to test a variety of BSD distributions on the same system and ultimately benchmark their out-of-the-box performance too. Those performance benchmark results will be published later this week while today were a few remarks I wanted to share when trying out TrueOS, DragonFlyBSD, GhostBSD, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD, MidnightBSD, and PacBSD (Arch BSD) on this modern Intel Xeon system. All of my testing was done on an Intel Xeon E5-2509 v4 Broadwell-EP system with MSI X99A WORKSTATION motherboard, NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN X, 16GB of DDR4 memory, and an OCZ TRION 150 120GB SATA 3.0 SSD. With the seven Linux distributions tested in recent days they all worked fine on the system: Ubuntu, Clear Linux, Scientific Linux, openSUSE Tumbleweed, Fedora, Antergos, and Sabayon Linux. Below are my various brief remarks when testing the different BSDs on this Intel Xeon system. These are my thoughts with admittedly being a Linux enthusiast while just touching BSD, Solaris, and others only on a semi-frequent basis. I am by no means a diehard "Linux fan boy" and have no fundamental objections to BSD, I simply prefer the operating system that best fits my needs and for benchmarking where I can get my tests done in a reliable, reproducible, and timely manner. I at least prefer my operating systems have a clean and quick install process with sane defaults; working generally ~100 hour weeks, I don't have time in 2016 if an OS cannot easily install and boot properly on a modern PC. I enjoy testing out the various BSDs and have no strong bias to any of them. This is the largest BSD testing comparison I've done in the past 12 years on Phoronix at the same time and on the same hardware. TrueOS 20160831: The new rolling-release FreeBSD distribution previously known as PC-BSD on the desktop... The install was a piece of cake (basically the same PC-BSD installer going back years) and was quick and easy. After that, off to the races with benchmarking after having installed a few packages with pkg. I shared more of my thoughts in this week's article Trying Out The FreeBSD-Powered TrueOS With Its Custom Qt Desktop. My main gripe with TrueOS would be its Lumina 1.0 desktop feeling less than baked. DragonFlyBSD 4.6.0: While its installer may not be as friendly as PC-BSD/TrueOS and it's not as desktop-minded, DragonFlyBSD continues to be one of my favorite BSDs. Installing DragonFlyBSD 4.6 on this particular system was easy and ran into no issues. Nor have I ran into any DragonFlyBSD install/boot issues on most of my recent Intel/AMD systems tested. GhostBSD 10.3: I hadn't tested GhostBSD in a while so this was my first time firing up the official 10.3 release with the MATE desktop environment. The graphical installer was simple to work with and similar to TrueOS I was quickly getting my work done. No real issues here. FreeBSD 11.0-RC2: She works well. FreeBSD 11.0 has shaped up quite nicely even though in my past tests have shown it generally can't outperform the Linux distributions, in part due to its defaults without spending any extra time tuning. FreeBSD 11.0-RC2 was easy with its text-based but can be mostly automated installer and is always quick to get going with using either ports or pkg. Well, next are the more problematic BSD operating systems encountered... Tweet Page: 12Next Page 20 Comments Related Articles Clear Linux Continues To Maintain Slight Graphics Lead Over Ubuntu 16.10 FreeBSD 11.0 Comes Up Short In Ubuntu 16.04 vs. macOS Sierra Benchmarks macOS 10.12 Sierra vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Linux Benchmarking TrueOS vs. DragonFlyBSD vs. GhostBSD vs. FreeBSD vs. PacBSD Benchmarks Trying Out Eight BSDs On A Modern PC: Some Are Smooth, Others Troublesome Trending Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) Mozilla Firefox 50 Readied For Release X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Microsoft Joins The Linux Foundation As A Platinum Member Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry Security Intel sells majority stake in McAfee security business By Shawn Knight on Sep 8, 2016, 7:30 AM TechSpot Intel as anticipated has sold a majority stake in its cybersecurity business to private investment firm TPG. As per the deal, Intel Security will be spun off into an independent cybersecurity company that’ll once again take on the McAfee name. The chipmaker will receive $3.1 billion in cash for a 51 percent stake in the new company which is valued at $4.2 billion. TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment that’ll be used to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business, the two said in a joint press release on Wednesday. Chris Young, Intel senior vice president and Intel Security general manager, along with existing management team members will lead the new company once the transaction is complete. The idea, the two said, is to create one of the world’s largest “pure-play” cybersecurity companies. Intel, if you recall, purchases anti-virus maker McAfee in August 2010 for $7.68 billion. The acquisition puzzled some although at the time, PC security was still a major concern. As PC sales took a turn south, much of the focus in the cybersecurity industry shifted to cloud-based servers and mobile devices. In 2014, Intel said it would begin phasing out the McAfee name in favor of Intel Security branding (likely in response to John McAfee’s questionable reputation). Intel and TPG said they expect the deal to close in the second quarter of 2017. Related Reads Intel tells John McAfee he can't use his own name Intel is phasing out the McAfee Security brand, will keep shield logo Eccentric millionaire John McAfee is running for president 2 comments 95 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… It's time for a security standard for the Internet of Things Samsung's latest acquisition and next-gen text messaging Ready or not, we're entering an AI world Popular 33 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 2 ... User Comments: 2 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 21 Teenager who died of cancer has her wish to be cryogenically frozen granted by court 25 US inventor's folding paper bike helmet wins James Dyson award 59 Facebook employees have reportedly created a task force to stop fake news stories 8 UK's Snooper's Charter approved by parliament, set to become law in next few weeks 7 Domino's delivers first pizzas using aerial drone Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware News Intel's siloed business units unify around IoT and connectivity Intel second-in-command Venkata Renduchintala has set his goals: Use IoT to connect devices and the company's business units By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Sep 8, 2016 2:09 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Venkata Renduchintala is president of Intel's Client and Internet of Things (IoT) businesses and Systems Architecture Group. Credit: Qualcomm More like this Intel's new PC, IoT chief brings fresh ideas to the veteran chip maker Intel eyes chips for mixed reality headsets At IDF, Intel is leaving PCs behind to highlight VR and IoT Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel has many disparate business units doing their own thing. The challenging task of tethering them is a top priority for Intel's second-in-command, Venkata Renduchintala. Renduchintala, known as Murthy, was appointed last November to run Intel's PC, client, and internet of things businesses. He's made his presence felt: Within six months of his appointment, Intel cut struggling products like mobile CPUs and sharpened its focus on growth areas of IoT, servers, and connectivity. One common thread in all the areas of growth is connectivity, with modems and wireless products now as important to Intel as its CPUs. Intel needed a serious kick in its modem development efforts, which is why CEO Brian Krzanich poached Renduchintala from Qualcomm, a bitter Intel rival, where he was in charge of connectivity offerings.  Wireless technology will be ubiquitous in new devices, vehicles, industrial equipment, and PCs. Information from those sources will be fed to data centers, which will gather telemetry and churn out insights. Intel is making progress with its modems; Apple reportedly will use Intel's modems in upcoming iPhones. Connectivity and the IoT business will bind the company together, said Renduchintala, whose official title is president of the Client and Internet of Things (IoT) Businesses and Systems Architecture Group at Intel. "We're creating the type of all-for-one, one-for-all mentality that I think is really important inside Intel to transition from a bunch of really healthy siloed businesses and towards an entity," Renduchintala said. There were signs of various Intel units sending a unified message at last month's Intel Developer Forum, especially around 5G. Company representatives talked about how more data generated by smart devices, robots, drones, and PCs could drive sales of servers and networking equipment. Intel's Data Center Group, which deals in servers, otherwise has had little to do with the PC group. Connectivity will get engines churning on all ends of the business, Renduchintala said. "The IoT business for us is an entire microcosm of the entire business coming together," he added. Intel's IoT strategy is centered around industrial, retail, and transportation markets. IoT will also help drive Intel's emerging machine-learning strategy, for which the company is building a new server chip code-named Knights Mill. "All of them have an end-to-end dimension where we are providing a client environment, the networking infrastructure, and the data analytics platform," Renduchintala said. There will be billions of connected endpoints, and that number will only grow over time, which creates more opportunities for Intel, he said. Dell Technologies CEO Michael Dell this week estimated there will be 230 billion connected endpoints by 2030. One big effort is around autonomous cars, where Intel could use its machine learning, field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs), and other assets. The company is working with BMW and Mobileye to build a self-driving car by 2021. As client devices generate more information, data centers will need the backplane systems and infrastructure to handle the growing data traffic. Wireless networks will need to transform to be able to deal with the explosion in data rates. For that, Intel is focusing heavily on 5G, which will blur the lines between types of wireless networks. There will be a bigger demand for faster uplink and downlink speeds from all kinds of devices like drones, robots, smart home devices and connected devices in factories, for example, Renduchintala said. "We're going to see essentially a much greater pervasiveness of client devices populating the markets," he said. "If you think about autonomous vehicles or delivering health services over a mobile network, you need to be able to make life-or-death decisions based on that." 5G is still under development and expected to go live by 2020. Intel has a robust lineup of modems and wireless products it is building for 5G, Renduchintala said. IoT will be more pervasive with 5G, giving companies the ability for sensor devices to communicate at longer ranges. Today, most sensors devices can communicate within a limited range of Wi-Fi, ZigBee, or Bluetooth. Because Intel has a history of promoting insiders to new positions, some critics questioned if Renduchintala would succeed in his new position, but he's put Intel back on track quickly. As an outsider, Murthy wasn't influenced by attachments to specific initiatives. He cut projects, redirected resources to growing areas, and made decisions in a transparent manner after debate and discussion. Some Intel decisions weren't popular and ultimately, projects were cut, and people were laid off. But some tough decisions were needed to maintain profitability, growth, and relevance. "As long as you can walk people through your thinking, you can take what was very controversial and make it very logical," Renduchintala said. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Hardware Internet of Things Computer Processors 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Vendor management Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Laws, investigations and ethics Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Application and Platform Security View All Application attacks Application Firewall Security Database Security Management Email Protection Vulnerability management Open source security Operating System Security Secure SaaS Productivity applications Social media security Software development Virtualization security Web Security Tools and Best Practices Enterprise Data Protection View All Data Analysis and Classification Data Loss Prevention Data Security and Cloud Computing Database Security Management Disk Encryption and File Encryption Enterprise Data Governance Data breaches and ID theft Enterprise Identity and Access Management View All Identity management User Authentication Services Web Authentication and Access Control Enterprise Network Security View All NAC and endpoint security IDS Network Protocols and Security Tools, Products, Software Secure VPN Setup and Configuration Wireless security Government IT security View All Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications View All CISSP Certification Information Security Jobs and Training Security Industry Certifications Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Laws, investigations and ethics Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Vendor management Information Security Threats View All Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Hacker tools and techniques Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Mobile device threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards View All Cloud Computing Security Standards COBIT Data Privacy and Protection FFIEC Regulations and Guidelines Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) HIPAA ISO 17799 IT Security Audits PCI Data Security Standard Sarbanes-Oxley Act Topics Archive View All IM Security Issues, Risks and Tools Security Resources Please select a category Application and Platform Security Enterprise Data Protection Enterprise Identity and Access Management Enterprise Network Security Government IT security Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications Information Security Management Information Security Threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Intel Security sale finalized, McAfee brand resurrected by Peter Loshin Site Editor After completion of the Intel Security sale to private equity firm TPG, the new jointly-held cybersecurity company will resurrect the McAfee brand and net $3.1 billion for Intel. Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Intel to raise $3.1bn by spinning off security ... – ComputerWeekly Risk & Repeat: Breaking down the Intel Security sale – SearchSecurity McAfee acquisitions: What could Intel get? – SearchSecurity Sponsored News Where Digitization Meets Data Center Modernization –Dell All-Flash Tier 1 Applications –SimpliVity See More Vendor Resources Enhancing End-to-End Cloud Security: Part 3 –Intel Security End-to-End Secure Client to Cloud Access –Intel Intel and private equity fund TPG have agreed to a deal that will create a new jointly-owned independent cybersecurity... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. firm from the Intel Security unit, which will be renamed as McAfee. The new business is valued at $4.2 billion, and the Intel Security sale will net Intel $3.1 billion; the chip giant will also retain a 49% stake in the new business. After the Intel Security sale is concluded, the new firm will be led by Chris Young, current Intel senior vice president and Intel Security general manager, along with the existing Intel Security management team. In their announcement, Intel and TPG stated that McAfee will be one of the world's largest pure-play cybersecurity companies, and the two firms stated they were committed to turning McAfee into an independent company with access to significant resources. "Security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a press statement. "As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee's customers, partners, employees and Intel's shareholders. Intel will continue our collaboration with McAfee as we offer safe and secure products to our customers," Krzanich added. Intel originally purchased McAfee in 2011, paying $7.68 billion in cash for the antivirus firm in a move that puzzled many. Intel renamed the unit "Intel Security" in 2014, though they continued to offer products bearing the McAfee brand. Intel Security made major investments in its portfolio during the five-year stint, one of the biggest being the Security Connected strategy. The strategy aimed to integrate non-Intel security products with Intel Security technology, using the company's Data Exchange Layer (DXL) and Threat Intelligence Exchange (TIE) platforms. The Intel Security era also included surprising moves and strategy shifts. For example, last fall the company moved several of the McAfee SaaS security products, including McAfee SaaS Endpoint Protection, into end-of-life stage the same week it announced a new corporate strategy to focus on endpoint and cloud security at its FOCUS 15 event in Las Vegas. One potential fly in the ointment for the Intel Security sale relates to the name announced for the unit: John McAfee, the founder of Intel Security predecessor McAfee Associates, has gone to court to fight for his right to start a cybersecurity business under the McAfee banner, The Register reported. Next Steps Find out what Bruce Schneier and Marcus Ranum had to say about security industry consolidation Learn about what effect security industry consolidation has on industry innovation Read about the business case for endpoint antimalware protection Dig Deeper on Vendor Management: Negotiations, Budgeting, Mergers and Acquisitions All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Are cybersecurity conferences valuable to CISOs? RSA: No major changes expected following Dell-EMC merger What CISOs need to incorporate into cloud service-level agreements Security startups: What do CISOs need to know before being customers? Load More View All RSA: No major changes expected following Dell-EMC merger Avast purchase of AVG shows uncertainty in antivirus market Intel reportedly considering selling its security business Study: IT staff pressured to buy useless cybersecurity products Load More View All News What CISOs need to incorporate into cloud service-level agreements How should enterprises start the vendor management process? IT content and vendor engagement evaluation survey Corporate Mergers and Acquisitions Security Learning Guide View All Get started Are cybersecurity conferences valuable to CISOs? How should enterprises start the vendor management process? Third-party risk management: Avoid the dangers of weak controls Enterprise security licensing models present complex problems Load More View All Evaluate What CISOs need to incorporate into cloud service-level agreements How can a vendor risk assessment help enterprise security? What is the best way to trim a security portfolio? Vendor relationship management: Breaking up is hard to do Load More View All Manage Security startups: What do CISOs need to know before being customers? Manage vendor access for industrial control systems security Domain security services: Exploring the enterprise security benefits Evaluating vendor promises: How to create a vendor security checklist Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Runtime application self-protection from A to Z E-Handbook New tactics for better endpoint security threat prevention E-Zine Identity of things moves beyond manufacturing Peter Loshin asks: What effect on the security industry will the Intel Security sale have? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Peter Loshin - 8 Sep 2016 12:32 PM What effect on the security industry will the Intel Security sale have? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity How bring your own encryption in the cloud works for enterprises Bring your own encryption offerings for the cloud are more common now. Expert Ed Moyle discusses the benefits and drawback of ... Cloud DDoS protection: What enterprises need to know DDoS attacks are a continuing problem, and enterprises should consider using cloud DDoS protection services. Expert Frank Siemons... Q&A: Western Union's unique strategy to secure cloud services Mike Bartholomy of Western Union explains how the financial services company has embraced employee use of cloud services and how ... SearchNetworking Cisco cloud survey reveals nonstop growth and expansion This week, a Cisco cloud survey digs into the explosive growth of cloud data, Xirrus deploys a new Wave 2 access point and ... Cisco earnings show service providers are not buying The latest Cisco earnings show a drop in overall revenue, as service providers spend less. Cisco blames lower sales on ... Network engineering tools changing as cloud shift pressures profession As more companies examine the cloud, network engineering tools are changing, requiring engineers to rethink and recraft their job... SearchCIO Key IT metrics: A CIO guide As technology and the business evolve, so do IT metrics. In this Essential Guide, learn how to navigate KPIs, IT investment and ... Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Unearth the secrets behind three Windows 10 hidden features The main features of Windows 10 are no surprise anymore, but there are some less heralded tools, such as Web Notes, that deserve ... LANDesk Workspaces helps simplify IT workflows with role-based portals LANDesk Workspaces assigns users one of five profiles, including End User and IT Analyst, to deliver different IT resources and ... Take on Windows 10 Wi-Fi problems and address Wi-Fi Sense Windows 10 Wi-Fi connectivity is not as straightforward as it sounds. Microsoft moved the Wi-Fi settings and added security risks... SearchCloudComputing Managing a cloud resource pool for hybrid environments Cloud sprawl negatively affects enterprises by increasing IT costs and lowering efficiency. And with hybrid clouds, in particular... Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud Multifactor authentication is a critical step for securing IT apps and resources. Explore options for enabling and managing this ... Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... ComputerWeekly Three breach highlights several security issues, says (ISC)2 Customer data breaches continue to demonstrate that companies are still not treating cyber risk like every other business risk, ... Nestlé picks Telefónica to build IoT for coffee machines Nestlé’s professional business services unit will incorporate internet of things technology into its coffee machines in pursuit ... HCL completes integration of Volvo Group IT services Deal sees 2,560 Volvo Group staff transferred to HCL, bringing mainframe expertise to Indian IT services firm About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Way Apple Inc. Is Moving Faster Than Intel Corporation The iDevice maker is managing to gradually outpace the world's largest chip company. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 8, 2016 at 3:27PM Image source: Apple. Ever since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unleashed its A7 chip onto the world, a chip that the company's marketing team claimed to have "desktop class" performance, there has been rampant speculation that Apple may someday opt to ditch Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) processors for home-grown Apple-designed chips. I don't think that's likely to happen in the near-future, but a case can seriously be made that Apple is moving at a faster clip than Intel in terms of ultra-mobile chip performance. Allow me to explain. Meet Kaby Lake and A10 Fusion This year, Apple's big new chip is the A10 Fusion found inside of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Intel's new chip -- at least for ultra-thin notebooks and 2-in-1 devices – is a chip marketed as seventh generation Core (though I'll refer to it by its code name, Kaby Lake, as Intel's branding is fairly cumbersome). The A10 Fusion is believed to be manufactured on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's 16-nanometer technology, the same tech that was used to build a portion of last year's A9 chips. Kaby Lake is manufactured on an enhanced version of Intel's 14-nanometer technology, known as 14-nanometer+, that was used to build the company's previous generation personal computer processor family known as Skylake. So, in terms of manufacturing, neither Apple nor Intel gets a large generational leap (though Intel probably delivers a bigger jump here relative to what Apple had to work with). However, what Apple has done in terms of the actual chip design is much more aggressive. A10 Fusion sees huge design improvements, unlike Kaby Lake With the A10 Fusion chip, Apple appears to have completely overhauled the design relative to the prior generation A9. The CPU cores look improved, the graphics processor looks new, and Apple was keen to tout the enhanced image signal processor (critical for the operation of the camera) inside of the new offering. I wouldn't be surprised to learn of additional goodies inside the A10 as details become public. Kaby Lake, in contrast, is essentially Skylake implemented in an improved manufacturing process with some enhancements to the media engine to support more complex content. To be clear: Skylake was and still is a really good processor for personal computers, and Kaby Lake should continue to be a leading chip family for personal computers. However, the generation-over-generation improvements that Intel delivered with this new offering simply weren't close to what Apple was able to deliver with the A10 Fusion. Intel needs to run faster Although Apple and Intel are not direct competitors -- in fact, Apple buys Intel's personal computer processors for its Mac lineup -- I do think that the advancements that Apple, and others in the smartphone chip space have made, should serve to push Intel to be more aggressive with the improvements that it delivers with each new processor generation. The key areas that Intel needs to focus on are CPU performance, graphics performance, and integration of additional components (something that I covered extensively here). According to respected processor analyst David Kanter with The Linley Group in a statement to EETimes, the reason that Kaby Lake didn't see a significant architectural improvement is that "by the time Intel discovered the yield issues with 14 [nanometer] and that they would continue for 10 [nanometer], they could not tell their architecture teams to tweak the CPU and GPU cores again." The good news is that Intel's third generation of 10-nanometer product, known as Tiger Lake, has been in the works since at least late 2015, so Intel should have plenty of time to bring more substantial improvements to the chip. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 3:27PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.08 up $0.13 (0.12%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools 12 steps to lower your espionage risk More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Virtual Reality News Intel eyes chips for mixed reality headsets Intel sees a big market for mixed reality headsets, and in the future, it could make a chip targeted to those devices By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Sep 8, 2016 10:27 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich holds a prototype Project Alloy headset on stage during IDF 2016 in San Francisco on August 16, 2016. Credit: Intel/IDGNS More like this Asus may be planning Microsoft HoloLens competitor in its VR push Intel's new Kaby Lake chips for PC: Here's the company's vision Prices for stand-alone VR headsets could drop with new Allwinner chip Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel believes untethered headsets could be a new class of PCs in the future, and the company may develop chips dedicated to those devices. The chipmaker previewed its virtual and augmented reality plans last month with Project Alloy, a Microsoft HoloLens-type headset that can mix images from real and virtual worlds. Project Alloy will be available for PC makers to replicate, but Intel may also see a market for mixed reality headset chips. Project Alloy is a prototype headset running on Microsoft's Windows Holographic platform, and it could support other VR and AR platforms in the future. The Alloy design and specifications will be open-sourced early next year. PC makers have expressed interest in making headsets based on the design. Just like it has done with PCs, Intel is trying to provide guidance to device makers on how to design headsets, integrate hardware, and resolve camera issues, as well as provide ideas on production and productizing, said Venkata Renduchintala, president of the client and internet of things businesses and the Systems Architecture Group at Intel. Mixed reality can generate a new class of VR/AR products and will probably generate "a custom piece of silicon built on the PC platform to exemplify and amplify the use case," said Renduchintala, nicknamed Murthy. The Project Alloy headset has a Skylake laptop chip, but as of now, the company has no dedicated chip for headsets that are also self-contained computers. Intel recently announced new 7th Generation Core PC chips code-named Kaby Lake but has no specific chip for all-in-one headset computers in that lineup. Intel in the past has provided reference designs for ultrabooks, laptops, smartphones and 2-in-1s, but is open-sourcing the Project Alloy design. It previously set tight specifications -- for example, thickness and screen size -- for products like ultrabooks and handsets, and PC makers were required to adhere to the specs. Renduchintala expects device makers to use the reference design to mold VR headsets into different shapes and sizes. VR is already catching on quickly, with products like Oculus Rift and HTC Vive -- which need to be wired to PC with high-end GPUs -- getting a lot of attention. Spurred by HoloLens, there are efforts to develop untethered PC-style VR and AR headsets, but the makers need to address problems related to wireless connectivity and battery life. Mobile VR -- in which smartphones are placed in headsets -- is taking off with products like Samsung's GearVR. Analyst firms are projecting headset shipments to grow, and it makes sense for Intel to have VR-specific chips. IDC is projecting VR/AR headset shipments to reach 9.6 million units this year, and 110 million units by 2020. Intel is backing more PC-style mixed reality experiences over mobile VR. Project Alloy provides a powerful mixed reality experience, and that's the kind of market Intel wants to develop, Renduchintala said. "What we showed is we can take VR, we can evolve it from the very rudimentary definitions today of running a 99-cent Android app in a smartphone you clip into some kind of visor, you can move it to a 15- to 20-watt powered ... embedded PC that's driving two to three teraflops of computing," he said. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Virtual Reality Computer Hardware Windows PCs Computer Processors 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing White Paper Is Your IT Infrastructure Roadmap Meeting Your Evolving Business Strategy? Video/Webcast Sponsored The Cyber Security at Your Company is at Risk Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Way Apple Inc. Is Moving Faster Than Intel Corporation The iDevice maker is managing to gradually outpace the world's largest chip company. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 8, 2016 at 3:27PM Image source: Apple. Ever since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unleashed its A7 chip onto the world, a chip that the company's marketing team claimed to have "desktop class" performance, there has been rampant speculation that Apple may someday opt to ditch Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) processors for home-grown Apple-designed chips. I don't think that's likely to happen in the near-future, but a case can seriously be made that Apple is moving at a faster clip than Intel in terms of ultra-mobile chip performance. Allow me to explain. Meet Kaby Lake and A10 Fusion This year, Apple's big new chip is the A10 Fusion found inside of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Intel's new chip -- at least for ultra-thin notebooks and 2-in-1 devices – is a chip marketed as seventh generation Core (though I'll refer to it by its code name, Kaby Lake, as Intel's branding is fairly cumbersome). The A10 Fusion is believed to be manufactured on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's 16-nanometer technology, the same tech that was used to build a portion of last year's A9 chips. Kaby Lake is manufactured on an enhanced version of Intel's 14-nanometer technology, known as 14-nanometer+, that was used to build the company's previous generation personal computer processor family known as Skylake. So, in terms of manufacturing, neither Apple nor Intel gets a large generational leap (though Intel probably delivers a bigger jump here relative to what Apple had to work with). However, what Apple has done in terms of the actual chip design is much more aggressive. A10 Fusion sees huge design improvements, unlike Kaby Lake With the A10 Fusion chip, Apple appears to have completely overhauled the design relative to the prior generation A9. The CPU cores look improved, the graphics processor looks new, and Apple was keen to tout the enhanced image signal processor (critical for the operation of the camera) inside of the new offering. I wouldn't be surprised to learn of additional goodies inside the A10 as details become public. Kaby Lake, in contrast, is essentially Skylake implemented in an improved manufacturing process with some enhancements to the media engine to support more complex content. To be clear: Skylake was and still is a really good processor for personal computers, and Kaby Lake should continue to be a leading chip family for personal computers. However, the generation-over-generation improvements that Intel delivered with this new offering simply weren't close to what Apple was able to deliver with the A10 Fusion. Intel needs to run faster Although Apple and Intel are not direct competitors -- in fact, Apple buys Intel's personal computer processors for its Mac lineup -- I do think that the advancements that Apple, and others in the smartphone chip space have made, should serve to push Intel to be more aggressive with the improvements that it delivers with each new processor generation. The key areas that Intel needs to focus on are CPU performance, graphics performance, and integration of additional components (something that I covered extensively here). According to respected processor analyst David Kanter with The Linley Group in a statement to EETimes, the reason that Kaby Lake didn't see a significant architectural improvement is that "by the time Intel discovered the yield issues with 14 [nanometer] and that they would continue for 10 [nanometer], they could not tell their architecture teams to tweak the CPU and GPU cores again." The good news is that Intel's third generation of 10-nanometer product, known as Tiger Lake, has been in the works since at least late 2015, so Intel should have plenty of time to bring more substantial improvements to the chip. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 3:27PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.08 up $0.13 (0.12%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Shark Bites: There's Still Momentum, but Everybody Wants Weakness DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer: Intel Security Unit Sale Overdue Intel was right in finally spinning off the majority stake in its security unit, in fact it was overdue, said TheStreet's Jim Cramer. Jim Cramer Sep 8, 2016 2:10 PM EDT Intel (INTC) was right in finally spinning off the majority stake in its security unit, says TheStreet's Jim Cramer. TPG Capital is joining Intel as a partner in the chipmaker's cyber security unit. In exchange for a $1.1 billion equity investment, TPG will receive a 51% stake in the business, which Intel will spin off under the name McAfee. The transaction values McAfee's total equity at about $2.2 billion, and the entire company, including debt, at $4.2 billion. That's a steep discount to the $7.68 billion Intel paid for McAfee in 2010. The security business watches more than a quarter of a billion devices for large corporations, Intel says. The business posted $1.1 billion in sales in the first half of the year, an increase of 11%. At the time of publication, Jim Cramer's charitable trust Action Alerts PLUS held no positions in stocks mentioned. If you liked this article you might like Nvidia's Deals with IBM, Microsoft and Google Strengthen Its Artificial Intelligence Lead Though competition abounds, Nvida's GPU investments and software ecosystem are big advantages in a booming market for powering AI tasks. Eric Jhonsa Nov 16, 2016 5:35 PM EST Cisco Investors Watch Earnings for Look Into the IT Market, Trump's Tech Effect CEO Chuck Robbins could provide investors with guidance on how the company would deploy a whopping $60 billion in overseas cash. Chris Nolter Nov 16, 2016 10:54 AM EST Apple Job Ads Hint at a Risk to Intel, Says Exane BNP A flood of Apple wanted ads for CPU and GPU designers suggests the company may be assembling a team to design in-house chips for its MacBooks. Paul Whitfield Nov 16, 2016 9:52 AM EST Jim Cramer's Top Takeaways: Talend, Nvidia Talend focuses on digital data trends; Nvidia is the new Intel, Jim Cramer says. Scott Rutt Nov 16, 2016 6:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to main content Log In Support Contact Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos Log In Support Contact Continuum Analytics Teams Up with Intel for Python Distribution Powered by Anaconda Thursday, September 8, 2016 Offers speed, agility and an optimized Python experience for data scientists   AUSTIN, TEXAS—September 8, 2016—Continuum Analytics, the creator and driving force behind Anaconda, the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python, is pleased to announce a technical collaboration with Intel resulting in the Intel® Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda. Intel Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda was recently announced by Intel and will be delivered as part of Intel® Parallel Studio XE 2017 software development suite. With a common distribution for the Open Data Science community that increases Python and R performance up to 100X, Intel has empowered enterprises to build a new generation of intelligent applications that drive immediate business value. Combining the power of the Intel® Math Kernel Library (MKL) and Anaconda’s Open Data Science platform allows organizations to build the high performance analytic modeling and visualization applications required to compete in today’s data-driven economies.    By combining two de facto standards, Intel MKL and Anaconda, into a single performance-boosted Python and R distribution, enterprises can meet and exceed performance targets for next-generation data science applications. The platform includes packages and technology that are accessible for beginner Python developers, however powerful enough to tackle data science projects for big data. Anaconda offers support for advanced analytics, numerical computing, just-in-time compilation, profiling, parallelism, interactive visualization, collaboration and other analytic needs.   “While Python has been widely used by data scientists as an easy-to-use programming language, it was often at the expense of performance,” said Mike Lee, technical, enterprise and cloud compute segment manager, developer Products Division at Intel Corporation. “The Intel Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda, provides multiple methods and techniques to accelerate and scale Python applications to achieve near native code performance.”   With the out-of-box distribution, Python applications immediately realize gains and can be tuned to optimize performance using the Intel® VTune™ Amplifier performance profiler. Python workloads can take advantage of multi-core Intel architectures and clusters using parallel thread scheduling and efficient communication with Intel MPI and Anaconda Scale through optimized Intel® Performance Libraries and Anaconda packages.   “Our focus on delivering high performance data science deployments to enterprise customers was a catalyst for the collaboration with Intel who is powering the smart and connected digital world,” said Michele Chambers, EVP of Anaconda & CMO at Continuum Analytics. “Today’s announcement of Intel’s Python distribution based on Anaconda, illustrates both companies’ commitment to empowering Open Data Science through a common distribution that makes it easy to move intelligent applications from sandboxes to production environments.” The Intel Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda is designed for everyone from seasoned high-performance developers to data scientists looking to speed up workflows and deliver an easy-to-install, performance-optimized Python experience to meet enterprise needs. The collaboration enables users to accelerate Python performance on modern Intel architectures, adding simplicity and speed to applications through Intel’s performance libraries. This distribution makes it easy to install packages using conda and pip and access individual Intel-optimized packages hosted on Anaconda Cloud through conda.   Features include: Anaconda Distribution that has been downloaded over 3M times and is the de facto standard Python distribution for Microsoft Azure ML and Cloudera Hadoop Intel Math Kernel performance-accelerated Python computation packages like NumPy, SciPy, scikit-learn Anaconda Scale, which makes it easy to parallelize workloads using Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs) Intel Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda is delivered as part of the Intel Parallel Studio XE 2017. The new distribution is available for free and includes forum support. For more information, please visit https://software.intel.com/en-us/intel-distribution-for-python. For additional information about Anaconda, please visit: https://www.continuum.io/anaconda-overview and the Continuum Analytics’ Partner Program, visit https://www.continuum.io/partners. Also, check out this blog by Intel’s Mike Lee: https://www.continuum.io/blog/developer-blog/democratization-compute-intel.   About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Intel, the Intel logo, Core, and Ultrabook are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.   About Continuum Analytics Continuum Analytics is the creator and driving force behind Anaconda, the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python. We put superpowers into the hands of people who are changing the world.   With more than 3M downloads and growing, Anaconda is trusted by the world’s leading businesses across industries––financial services, government, health & life sciences, technology, retail & CPG, oil & gas––to solve the world’s most challenging problems. Anaconda does this by helping everyone in the data science team discover, analyze and collaborate by connecting their curiosity and experience with data. With Anaconda, teams manage their Open Data Science environments without any hassles to harness the power of the latest open source analytic and technology innovations.   Our community loves Anaconda because it empowers the entire data science team––data scientists, developers, DevOps, data engineers and business analysts––to connect the dots in their data and accelerate the time-to-value that is required in today’s world. To ensure our customers are successful, we offer comprehensive support, training and professional services. Continuum Analytics' founders and developers have created or contribute to some of the most popular Open Data Science technologies, including NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, pandas, Jupyter/IPython, Bokeh, Numba and many others. Continuum Analytics is venture-backed by General Catalyst and BuildGroup.   To learn more about Continuum Analytics, visit www.continuum.io.   ###   Media Contact: Jill Rosenthal InkHouse continuumanalytics@inkhouse.com Tags:  Anaconda Partner Tweet Facebook View the discussion thread. Get the Anaconda Cheat Sheet Thank you, the Anaconda Cheat Sheet is on its way. No Thanks Thank You for Downloading Anaconda! Get Started with the Anaconda Cheat Sheet Thank you, the Anaconda Cheat Sheet is on its way. No Thanks Anaconda Pro Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Anaconda Workgroup Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Anaconda Enterprise Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Team Training Inquiry Please submit this inquiry for group training for your data science team. For individuals, please see our individual training courses Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Introduction to Programming with Python Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Data Science Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Scientific Computing Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Financial Programming Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Stay up to date!   Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos 2016 Continuum Analytics, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | EULA Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
Skip to main content Log In Support Contact Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos Log In Support Contact Democratization of Compute: More Flops, More Users & Solving More Challenges Thursday, September 8, 2016 The past decade has seen compute capacity at the cluster scale grow faster than Moore’s Law. The relentless pursuit to exascale systems and beyond brings broad advances in the availability of a large amount of compute power to developers and users on “everyday” systems. Call it “trickle down” high performance computing if you like, but the effects are profound in the amount of computation that can be accessed. A teraflop system today can be easily had in a workstation, ready and able to tackle scientific compute problems, financial modeling exercises and plow through huge amounts of data for machine learning. Programming of these high performance systems used to be the domain of native language developers who work in Fortran or C/C++, and scaling up and out with distributed computing via Message Passing Interface (MPI) to take advantage of cluster computing. While these languages are still the mainstay of high performance computing, scripting languages, such as Python, have been adopted by a broad community of users for its ease of use and short learning curve. While giving the ability for more users to do computing is a good thing, there is a limitation that makes it difficult for users of Python to get good performance. Namely, it is the global interpreter lock, or “GIL,” that runs in a single threaded mode and does not allow for any parallelism to take advantage of modern hardware with multicore/many-core and multi threaded CPUs. If only there was a way to make it easy and seamless to get performance from Python, we could broaden the availability of compute power to more users. My colleagues at Intel in engineering and product marketing teams examined this limitation and saw that there were some solutions out there that were challenging to implement—thus began our close association with Continuum Analytics, a leader in the Open Data Science and Python community, to make these performance enhancements widely available to all. Collaboration with Continuum Analytics has helped us bring the Intel® Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda to the Python community, which leverages the Intel® Performance Libraries, such as Intel® Math Kernel Library, Intel® Data Analytics Library, Intel® MPI Library and Intel® Threading Building Blocks. The collaboration between Intel and Continuum Analytics helps provide a path to greater performance for Python developers and users. And today, we are happy to announce a major milestone in our journey with the Intel Distribution. After a year in beta, the Distribution is now available in its first public version as the Intel® Distribution for Python 2017. It's been a wild ride—the thrills of successful compiles and builds, the agony of managing dependencies, chasing down the bugs, the race to meet project deadlines, the highs of good press, the lows of post release reported errors—but overall, we have the satisfaction of having delivered a solid product.                                      Our work is not done. We will continue to push the boundaries of performance to enable more flops to more users to solve more computing challenges. Live long and Python! Questions about the Intel® Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda? Read our FAQ. Tags:  Anaconda Partner Tweet Facebook Mike Lee Technical, Enterprise and Cloud Compute Segment Manager, Developer Products Division Intel Corporation Read More Self-Service Open Data Science: Custom Anaconda Parcels for Cloudera CDH Working Efficiently with Big Data in Text Formats Using Free Software Anaconda Build Migration to Conda-Forge Analyzing and Visualizing Big Data Interactively on Your Laptop: Datashading the 2010 US Census The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation Grant for Numba and Dask Most Popular This Month Self-Service Open Data Science: Custom Anaconda Parcels for Cloudera CDH Most Popular This Year Accelerate 2.2 Released! Dask for Institutions Anaconda Cloud: Introducing Labels Community Powered conda Packaging: conda-forge Celebrating U.S. Women's Equality Day with Women in Tech View the discussion thread. Get the Anaconda Cheat Sheet Thank you, the Anaconda Cheat Sheet is on its way. No Thanks Thank You for Downloading Anaconda! Get Started with the Anaconda Cheat Sheet Thank you, the Anaconda Cheat Sheet is on its way. No Thanks Anaconda Pro Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Anaconda Workgroup Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Anaconda Enterprise Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Team Training Inquiry Please submit this inquiry for group training for your data science team. For individuals, please see our individual training courses Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Introduction to Programming with Python Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Data Science Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Scientific Computing Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Financial Programming Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Stay up to date!   Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos 2016 Continuum Analytics, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | EULA Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel shows exactly what it’s Project Alloy VR headset will look like Jon Martindale Digital TrendsSeptember 8, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Intel's Project Alloy may not be set to be released until some time in late 2017, but we now have our first look at it thanks to some renders released by Intel. We can see its button layout, and that it comes with a couple of USB connectors.More Intel has now released a number of detailed renders of its Project Alloy headset, giving us our first up close look at the ergonomics of the wireless VR device. It has a unique headstrap design, as well as built in realsense cameras which offers up some interesting ideas for the reference headset’s potential. Project Alloy was announced at last month’s IFA 2016 show, where Intel detailed the reference design as an “open hardware platform,” that would allow third parties to take it and create their own wireless VR headsets. It is quite different from the sorts of headsets we’ve been used to in the consumer space though, which should make its eventual release rather interesting. For now though we’re just getting to grips with the untethered VR solution. Its lack of wires is an obvious starting point when it comes to examining it, but we can also see that the headstrap is mounted on the top/front of the headset, rather than with the added side straps we have seen on the Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, and Gear VR. In fact, its strap system looks much more like the PlayStation VR than any others we have seen. Hands On: Qualcomm Snapdragon VR820 The design has 10 exterior sensor points, though we suspect that the use of realsense cameras within the headset may be the real solution for positional tracking (and perhaps even Leap-like motion control). It may be that this headset can utilize both internal and external tracking systems for more third-party options, or better overall tracking accuracy. That would unify the Alloy’s concept of an all-in-one solution, as being wireless, it includes all of the processing power it might need inside, along with a battery. Although the graphics processor is currently unknown, RoadtoVR has confirmed that there is a desktop class Core i7 processor in there somewhere. Elsewhere on the headset, we have a pair of USB Type-C ports, a pair of buttons and an interpupillary distance dial for controlling the distance between the two displays this headset presumably uses. There also looks to be a 3.5mm headphone jack on the side. We can guess that the battery for the device is located in the rear portion of the headband, and though we don’t have any specifications for it yet, we would imagine the battery, plus the inclusion of processing and memory capabilities, would mean this headset is heavier than a lot of consumer solutions available right now. Chances are this is just an early version of the headset, as Intel says it does not plan to release it until the second half of 2017, which would likely be edging toward second-generation Rift and Vive territory. Close to the Metal Ep. 8: Intel joins the VR revolution Intel won't lead the VR revolution, but it will power those who do Look ma, no wires! Intel's Project Alloy gives VR full freedom of movement Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals The Verge New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
12,595,987 members (60,882 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as HardwareIoT Stats 2.9K views Posted 8 Sep 2016 Using UARTs on Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Intel Corporation, 8 Sep 2016 CPOL Using UARTs on Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Contents Using UARTs on Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Contents Introduction Prerequisites Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 – UART Hardware Information UART Capabilities Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 Details I/O Pin Multiplexing Programming I/O Pin Multiplexing in QMSI UART Clock Gating Default UART Configuration in QMSI BSP Writing data to UART Using QM_PRINTF Default UART QM_PRINTF Limitations Example using QM_PRINTF Configuring UART Parameters Reading Current UART Configuration Setting New UART Configuration Setting Parameters in qm_uart_config_t Structure Configuring UART Example QMSI UART Input / Output Functions Getting UART Status Sending and Receiving Data Blocking I/O Functions Non-blocking I/O Functions Interrupt Driven I/O – Transfer Structure Registering Interrupt Service Routine for Interrupt Driven I/O Interrupt Driven I/O Functions Direct Access to UART Registers UART Programming Example: UART Setup and Blocking I/O Description Code UART Programming Example: Interrupt Driven I/O Description Code Introduction The Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 features two UART interfaces. This document describes how to program these UART interfaces using the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Software Interface (QMSI). Prerequisites This document assumes that the reader is familiar with the Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers suite – an integrated tool set for developing, optimizing and debugging applications for Intel® Quark™ Microcontrollers. The Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers can be downloaded here: https://software.intel.com/en-us/intel-system-studio-microcontrollers (make sure to select D2000 as the target). For more information about setting up and using Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers, please refer to the Getting Started with Intel® System Studio 2016 for Microcontrollers guide. The document uses Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 board as a reference, but the information in this document can be applied to any Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 based projects. The document discusses Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Software Interface (QMSI) functions related to UART programming. It does not provide complete QMSI documentation. For more information, please refer to the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Software Interface guide. Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 – UART Hardware Information UART Capabilities The UART interfaces integrated in Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 are software compatible with the 16550 standard. Each UART has 16 byte TX and RX FIFOs, supports 5 to 9 bit data format, and baud rates from 300 bps to 2 Mbps. CTS/RTS hardware flow control is available. RS485 mode is also supported. Please refer to Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 datasheet, section 14 “UART” for more information about UART capabilities. Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 Details On the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 board, the UART interface signals are connected as follows: UART_A RXD and TXD signals are available on the Arduino breakout pins 0 and 1 respectively. These pins are marked as (1) on the picture below. UART_A RST and CTS signals are available on the Arduino breakout pins A2 and A3 respectively. UART_B signals are connected to the FTDI TTL-232R-3V3 compatible header J2. This header is marked as (3) on the picture below. These signals can be also connected to the on-board USB to UART/JTAG FT232H interface IC using the jumper group marked as (2) on the picture below. The UART signals can be connected to the on-board FT232H IC by setting jumpers J9, J10, and J11 in the CTS, TXD, and N/C positions respectively. When using an FTDI cable connected to the J2 header, the UART signals need to be disconnected from the on-board FT232H IC by removing jumpers J15 – RTS/TMS, J17 – RXD/TCK, and moving jumper J11 to the N/C position. To use the on-board FT232H IC in JTAG mode, jumpers J9, J10, and J11 need to be set to the TDO, TDI, and TRST positions respectively, and jumpers J15 and J17 need to be connected. I/O Pin Multiplexing To enable multiple interfaces given a limited number of I/O pins, Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 multiplexes the functions of I/O pins. Each I/O pin can be assigned one of up to 3 different functions. By default the only the RXD signal of the first UART interface (UART_A) is multiplexed to an I/O pin. The second UART interface (UART_B) signals are not connected to I/O pins by default – these pins are used for JTAG interface instead. The table below lists the I/O pins relevant to UART interfaces and their functions. MCU Pin Number and Name QMSI Pin Name Function 0 Function 1 Function 2 Developer Kit D2000 - Arduino Breakout Pin Name 4 – F_12 QM_PIN_ID_12 GPIO12 AI12 UART_A_TXD* 1 5 – F_13 QM_PIN_ID_13 GPIO13* AI13 UART_A_RXD 0 6 – F_14 QM_PIN_ID_14 GPIO14* AI14 UART_A_RTS / UART_A_DE A2 7 – F_15 QM_PIN_ID_15 GPIO15* AI15 UART_A_CTS / UART_A_RE A3 13 – F_20 QM_PIN_ID_20 TRST_N* GPIO20 UART_B_TXD UART_B header – pin 5 USB – FT232H (J11) 14 – F_21 QM_PIN_ID_21 TCK* GPIO21 UART_B_RXD UART_B header – pin 4 USB – FT232H (J17) 15 – F_22 QM_PIN_ID_22 TMS* GPIO22 UART_B_RTS / UART_B_DE UART_B header – pin 2 USB – FT232H (J15) 16 – F_23 QM_PIN_ID_23 TDI* GPIO23 UART_B_CTS / UART_B_RE UART_B header – pin 6 USB – FT232H (J9) *default mode Programming I/O Pin Multiplexing in QMSI QMSI provides the following functions to set up pin multiplexing: qm_rc_t qm_pmux_select(qm_pin_id_t pin, qm_pmux_fn_t fn) The qm_pmux_select function set the I/O pin specified by the pin parameter to the function specified by the fn parameter. For example the following call selects function 2 (UART_A_RXD) on pin QM_PIN_ID_13: qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_13, QM_PMUX_FN_2); qm_rc_t qm_pmux_input_en(qm_pin_id_t pin, bool enable) The qm_pmux_input_en function enables or disables input mode on the I/O pin specified by the pin parameter, according to the value of the enable parameter. For example the following call enables input mode on pin QM_PIN_ID_13: qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_13, true); Snippet for configuring pin multiplexing on UART_A qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_12, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_13, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_13, true);

/* Following 3 calls only needed when using RTS/CTS handshake */

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_14, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_15, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_14, true); Snippet for configuring pin multiplexing on UART_B qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_20, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_21, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_21, true);

/* Following 3 calls only needed when using RTS/CTS handshake */

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_22, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_23, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_22, true); Important Note Once UART_B signals are multiplexed to the I/O pins, the JTAG functionality is no longer available, and the microcontroller cannot be controlled (flashed or debugged) using the JTAG interface. The boot ROM code provides a hook to allow reprogramming the microcontroller in this case. Use the following procedure to reprogram the microcontroller: Temporarily connect Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 pin number 5, package pin name F_13 to the ground. On the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000, connect Arduino breakout pin 0 – RX to the GND pin using a jumper wire. Reboot the microcontroller. On the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000, simply press the RESET button. Restart OpenOCD. In the Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers, navigate to the Debug Perspective, find the OpenOCD Session window, click the red Stop OpenOCD button in the top right corner of that window, and then click the green Start OpenOCD button. Flash the microcontroller normally. Disconnect the pin connected in the step number 1 (otherwise the firmware will not run). UART Clock Gating To reduce the power consumption Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 allows enabling or disabling the clock for on-chip peripherals, including UART interfaces. The clock can be enabled for UART interfaces using the clk_periph_enable QMSI function as follows: /* enable clock for UART_A */

clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTA_REGISTER);

/* enable clock for UART_B */

clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTB_REGISTER); Default UART Configuration in QMSI BSP By default, the QMSI BSP (board support package) configures UART_A as follows: Only TX signal is multiplexed to the I/O pin (output only) The baud rate is set to 115000 bps The UART data format is configured for 8 data bits, no parity, and 1 stop bit The following QMSI BSP functions handle UART setup: _start() in sys/app_entry.c stdout_uart_setup() in sys/newlib-syscalls.c Writing data to UART Using QM_PRINTF QMSI provides the QM_PRINTF function - a simplified version of the C standard library printf function that can be used to output data to the UART. Default UART By default, the QM_PRINTF function uses UART_A for the output. This is defined using the STDOUT_UART macro in include/qm_common.h. To use UART_B for the QM_PRINTF output, define STDOUT_UART_1 to 1. This should be done before #include <qm_common.h> directive. For example: #define STDOUT_UART_1 (1)
#include <qm_common.h> QM_PRINTF Limitations Due to code size constraints QM_PRINTF supports only a subset of the printf format specifiers: The following format specifiers are supported: %d – signed integer; long “l” sub-specifier is ignored %u – unsigned integer; long “l” sub-specifier is ignored %X and %x – integer in hexadecimal format %s – string Padding is not supported. Format specifiers like %02d will result in an incorrect output. The character format specifier %c is not supported. Example using QM_PRINTF The following code will print a message on the default UART. QM_PRINTF("Welcome to Intel Quark Microcontroller D2000\r\n"); Configuring UART Parameters Reading Current UART Configuration QMSI uses the qm_uart_config_t structure to store the UART configuration. The current UART configuration can be read using the qm_uart_get_config function: qm_rc_t qm_uart_get_config(const qm_uart_t uart, qm_uart_config_t *cfg) The uart parameter specifies the UART interface: QM_UART_0 for UART_A, and QM_UART_1 for UARTB_B. The cfg parameter specifies the location of the qm_uart_config_t structure to store the configuration data into. For example, the following code will read the configuration of the UART_A. qm_uart_config_t uart0_cfg;
qm_uart_get_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg); Setting New UART Configuration The new UART configuration can be set using the qm_uart_set_config function: qm_rc_t qm_uart_set_config(const qm_uart_t uart, const qm_uart_config_t *cfg) The uart parameter specifies the UART interface, and the cfg parameter specifies the location of the qm_uart_config_t structure with the new configuration parameters. Setting Parameters in the qm_uart_config_t Structure The qm_uart_config_t contains the following members: line_control The line_control variable contains the settings for the UART Line Control Register (LCR). This register configures the UART data format: number of data bits, number of stop bits, and parity settings. The include/qm_uart.h file provides definitions for commonly used LCR values: /**
 * UART Line control.
 */
typedef enum {
	QM_UART_LC_5N1 = 0x00,   /**< 5 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_5N1_5 = 0x04, /**< 5 data bits, no parity, 1.5 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_5E1 = 0x18,   /**< 5 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_5E1_5 = 0x1c, /**< 5 data bits, even parity, 1.5 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_5O1 = 0x08,   /**< 5 data bits, odd parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_5O1_5 = 0x0c, /**< 5 data bits, odd parity, 1.5 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_6N1 = 0x01,   /**< 6 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_6N2 = 0x05,   /**< 6 data bits, no parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_6E1 = 0x19,   /**< 6 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_6E2 = 0x1d,   /**< 6 data bits, even parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_6O1 = 0x09,   /**< 6 data bits, odd parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_6O2 = 0x0d,   /**< 6 data bits, odd parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_7N1 = 0x02,   /**< 7 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_7N2 = 0x06,   /**< 7 data bits, no parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_7E1 = 0x1a,   /**< 7 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_7E2 = 0x1e,   /**< 7 data bits, even parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_7O1 = 0x0a,   /**< 7 data bits, odd parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_7O2 = 0x0e,   /**< 7 data bits, odd parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_8N1 = 0x03,   /**< 8 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_8N2 = 0x07,   /**< 8 data bits, no parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_8E1 = 0x1b,   /**< 8 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_8E2 = 0x1f,   /**< 8 data bits, even parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_8O1 = 0x0b,   /**< 8 data bits, odd parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_8O2 = 0x0f    /**< 8 data bits, odd parity, 2 stop bits */
} qm_uart_lc_t;
 baud_divisor The baud_divisor variable configures the UART baud rate. It contains the packed settings for UART divisor registers. Each UART has three divisor registers: DLH - divisor latch high - 8 bit size DLL- divisor latch low - 8 bit size DLF - divisor latch fraction - 4 bit size These divisor registers define the ratio the system clock frequency needs to be divided by to obtain UART clock frequency (baud rate). The divisor registers’ values can be calculated as follows: Calculate the divisor, round to the nearest integer: divisor = system clock frequency / baud rate Calculate the divisor latch high value, round to the nearest smaller or equal integer (floor): dlh = divisor / 4096 Calculate the divisor latch low value, round to the nearest smaller or equal integer (floor): dll = (divisor - dlh * 4096) / 16 Calculate the divisor fraction value: dlf = divisor - dlh * 4096 - dll*16 The packed baud_divisor value can be then obtained using QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(dlh, dll, dlf) macro. For example, to get a 9600 baud rate, and assuming the system clock frequency of 32 MHz (as used in Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000), the following calculation is used: divisor = 32000000 / 9600 = 3333 (rounded down from 3333.3333) dlh = divisor / 4096 = 3333 / 4096 = 0 dll = (divisor - dlh * 4096) / 16 = (3333 - 0 * 4096) / 16 = 208 dlf = divisor - dlh * 4096 - dll * 16 = 3333 - 0 * 4096 - 208 * 16 = 5 The table below gives divisor values for commonly used baud rates assuming 32 MHz system clock: Baud rate dlh (divisor latch high) dll (divisor latch low) dlf (divisor latch fraction) 115200 bps 0 17 6 57600 bps 0 34 12 38400 bps 0 52 1 19200 bps 0 104 3 9600 bps 0 208 5 2400 bps 3 65 5 1200 bps 6 130 11 hw_fc The hw_fc is a Boolean variable that enables or disables hardware flow control. Setting it to 0 disables hardware flow control, while setting it to 1 enables hardware flow control. Configuring UART Example The following snippet configures the UART_A to 9600 bps, 8 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit, no hardware flow control. The calculation of the divisor values is given in the baud_divisor section above. qm_uart_config_t uart0_cfg;

uart0_cfg.baud_divisor = QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(0, 208, 5);

uart0_cfg.line_control = QM_UART_LC_8N1;

uart0_cfg.hw_fc = 0;

qm_uart_set_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg); QMSI UART Input / Output Functions Getting UART Status QMSI provides the qm_uart_get_status function to obtain the current status of an UART. qm_uart_status_t qm_uart_get_status(const qm_uart_t uart) The uart parameter specifies the UART to get the status for. The return value is a bitwise OR value of one or more of the following: QM_UART_IDLE – UART TX FIFO and transmit shift registers are empty. QM_UART_LSR_OE – Receiver overrun error QM_UART_LSR_PE – Receiver parity error QM_UART_LSR_FE – Receiver framing error QM_UART_LSR_BI – “Break interrupt” condition QM_UART_TX_BUSY – UART TX FIFO or transmit shift register are not empty QM_UART_RX_BUSY – Received data is ready Sending and Receiving Data QMSI provides several functions with slightly different functionality to send and receive the data. They can be broken down into the following categories: Blocking I/O – These functions wait for the data to be sent or received. Non-blocking I/O – These functions return immediately. These functions do not check for errors, for the data availability, or for the space in TX FIFO. The caller should check for these conditions using the qm_uart_get_status function. Interrupt-driven I/O – These functions send or receive data in the background, using UART interrupts to manage send and receive FIFOs. Blocking I/O Functions qm_rc_t qm_uart_write(const qm_uart_t uart, const uint8_t data) The qm_uart_write function writes a single byte of data specified by the data parameter to the UART specified by the uart parameter. This is a blocking I/O function and it will wait (will not return) until the data is sent. Currently the qm_uart_write function always returns the QM_RC_OK value. qm_uart_status_t qm_uart_read(const qm_uart_t uart, uint8_t *data) The qm_uart_read function reads a single byte of data from the UART specified by the uart parameter. It stores the data in the location specified by the data pointer. This is a blocking I/O function and it will wait (will not return) until the data is available and can be read, or if an error occurs. The return value of this function is a bitwise OR value of one or more of the following: QM_UART_OK – Data was read successfully QM_UART_LSR_OE – Receiver overrun error QM_UART_LSR_PE – Receiver parity error QM_UART_LSR_FE – Receiver framing error QM_UART_LSR_BI – “Break interrupt” condition qm_rc_t qm_uart_write_buffer(const qm_uart_t uart, const uint8_t *const data, uint32_t len) The qm_uart_write_buffer function is a blocking I/O function. It writes multiple bytes from a buffer specified by the data parameter. The number of the bytes to be written is specified by len parameter. Currently the qm_uart_write_buffer function always returns the QM_RC_OK value. Non-blocking I/O Functions qm_rc_t qm_uart_write_non_block(const qm_uart_t uart, const uint8_t data) The qm_uart_write_non_block function writes a single byte of data specified by the data parameter to the UART specified by the uart parameter. This is a non-blocking I/O function. It will return immediately after writing the data to the UART’s transmitter holding register. It does not check if the space is available in TX FIFO. Currently the qm_uart_write_non_block function always returns the QM_RC_OK value. uint8_t qm_uart_read_non_block(const qm_uart_t uart) The qm_uart_read_non_block function reads and returns a single byte of data from the UART specified by the uart parameter. This is a non-blocking I/O function. This function returns immediately, and does not check if received data is available, or if any receive errors had occurred. The return value is the content of the UART’s receive buffer register. Interrupt-driven I/O – Transfer Structure The interrupt-driven I/O functions use the qm_uart_transfer_t structure to pass the parameters for the data transfer. This structure contains the following members: data The data variable is a uint8_t* pointer to the buffer. For the write function, the buffer should contain the data to be sent. For the read function, it specifies the buffer to store the received data in. data_len The data_len variable is a uint32_t value specifying the number of the bytes to transfer. fin_callback The fin_callback variable contains the pointer to the callback function to be called once data transfer is complete. The application must define this callback (the err_callback cannot have NULL value). The signature of the callback function is void fin_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len), where the id parameter specifies the transfer identifier (see id variable below), and the len parameter specifies the number of bytes successfully transferred. err_callback The err_callback variable contains the pointer to the callback function to be called in case of receive errors. Currently, it is not used for write operations. The application must define this callback for both read or write operations (the err_callback cannot have NULL value). The signature of this callback function is void err_callback(uint32_t id, qm_uart_status_t status), where the id parameter specifies the transfer identifier (see id variable below), and the status parameter contains the error bits from line status register (LSR) – a bitwise OR value of one or more of the following: QM_UART_LSR_OE – Receiver overrun error QM_UART_LSR_PE – Receiver parity error QM_UART_LSR_FE – Receiver framing error QM_UART_LSR_BI – “Break interrupt” condition id The id parameter is a uint32_t transfer identifier. The application can use this parameter to identify transfers in callback functions. Note that QMSI supports only one active read and one active write transfer per UART. Registering Interrupt Service Routine for Interrupt-driven I/O Prior to using interrupt-driven I/O functions, it is necessary to register the QMSI UART interrupt service routine (ISR). This is done by calling the qm_irq_request function with the following parameters: For UART_A qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_UART_0, qm_uart_0_isr); For UART_B: qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_UART_1, qm_uart_1_isr); Interrupt-driven I/O Functions qm_uart_status_t qm_uart_irq_write(const qm_uart_t uart, const qm_uart_transfer_t *const xfer) The qm_uart_irq_write function initiates interrupt-driven UART write transfer. The uart parameter specifies the UART to be used for the write transfer. The xfer parameter specifies the location of the transfer structure populated with data location, length, callback functions pointers, and transfer id. The function returns one of the following values: QM_UART_OK – Transfer was initiated successfully QM_UART_TX_BUSY – UART TX FIFO or UART transmitter holding registers are busy. The transfer is not initiated in this case. qm_uart_status_t qm_uart_irq_read(const qm_uart_t uart, const qm_uart_transfer_t *const xfer) The qm_uart_irq_read function initiates interrupt-driven UART read transfer. The uart parameter specifies the UART to be used for the read transfer. The xfer parameter specifies the location of the transfer structure populated with data location, length, callback functions pointers, and transfer id. The function returns one of the following values: QM_UART_OK – Transfer was initiated successfully QM_UART_RX_BUSY – Previous transfer has not been completed yet. The data length specified in previous request has not been read yet. The transfer is not initiated in this case. qm_rc_t qm_uart_write_terminate(const qm_uart_t uart) The qm_uart_write_terminate function terminates the current interrupt-driven write transfer for the UART specified by the uart parameter. It calls the transfer complete callback function, indicating the number of bytes that were actually written. Currently, qm_uart_write_terminate always returns QM_RC_OK. qm_rc_t qm_uart_read_terminate(const qm_uart_t uart) The qm_uart_read_terminate function terminates the current interrupt-driven read transfer for the UART specified by the uart parameter. It calls the transfer complete callback function, indicating the number of bytes that were actually read. Currently, the qm_uart_read_terminate function always returns the QM_RC_OK value. Direct Access to UART Registers To access the UART functionality that is not exposed through QMSI UART Input / Output functions, you can access the UART registers directly. The UART registers in the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 are memory mapped and exposed to the QMSI programmer through the QM_UART array, containing qm_uart_reg_t structures for each one of the UARTs. The qm_uart_reg_t structure contains all the UART registers. For example, to access modem control register (MCR) of the UART_A, and set the loopback bit, you can use the following code: QM_UART[QM_UART_0].mcr |= BIT(4); Please refer to qm_soc_regs.h for the definition of the qm_uart_reg_t structure, and to the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Datasheet for the information about UART registers. UART Programming Example: UART Setup and Blocking I/O Description The code below shows how to configure and use both UART interfaces. It configures UART_A for 115200 bps and UART_B for 9600 bps. Next, it scans both UART interfaces for available data. When a character becomes available on a UART, it is read, and written to the other UART. Follow the next steps to run this code on the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 board: Open Intel® Systems Studio for Microcontrollers. Create a new QMSI BSP project using hello_world as the template Replace main.c with the code below. Compile and flash the code to the microcontroller. Disconnect the board from the USB port, then move jumpers J9, J10, and J11 to CTS, TXD, and N/C positions respectively. Connect an FTDI USB TTL Serial Cable TTL-232R-3V3 cable to the Arduino breakout pins as follows: FTDI cable pin 1 (GND) to GND pin on the Arduino breakout header FTDI cable pin 3 (TX) to pin number 0 (RX) on the Arduino breakout header FTDI cable pin 4 (RX) to pin number 1 (TX) on the Arduino breakout header Reconnect the board to the USB port. Connect the FTDI cable to the USB port as well. On Windows OS, you must change the driver for the board to the FTDI CDM driver. Start terminal emulator software (for example PuTTY, screen, or minicom) on both USB virtual serial ports. Configure the port connected to the FTDI cable to 115200 bps, and the port connected to the developer kit board to 9600 bps. Reset the board. Observe the sign-in message on both terminals. Type some characters on one of the terminals. The typed characters should appear on the other terminal. Once done experimenting with this sample, reprogram the board using for example hello_world code, as described in the Important Note in the I/O Pin Multiplexing section. On Windows OS, you must change the driver for the board to the WinUSB driver. Code /* UART configuration example */

#include <qm_common.h>
#include <qm_pinmux.h>
#include <qm_uart.h>
#include <qm_scss.h>

int main(void)
{
	qm_uart_config_t uart0_cfg;
	qm_uart_config_t uart1_cfg;
	uint8_t uart0_message[] =
	    "This is UART_A. Characters typed here will appear on UART_B.\r\n";
	uint8_t uart1_message[] =
	    "This is UART_B. Characters typed here will appear on UART_A.\r\n";
	uint8_t data;

	/* UART_A I/O pins multiplexing setup
	 * QMSI BSP only configures UART_A_TXD signal.
	 * The following code configures both TXD and RXD signals
	 * and sets up RXD pin in input mode
	 */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_12, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_A_TXD */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_13, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_A_RXD */
	qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_13, true); /* UART_A_RXD is an input */
	
	/* UART_B I/O pins multiplexing setup
	 * By default UART_B pins are multiplexed to JTAG.
	 * The following code configures all relevant pins to UART_B signals
       * and sets up RXD and RTS pins in input mode
	 */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_20, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_B_TXD */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_21, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_B_RXD */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_22, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_B_RTS */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_23, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_B_CTS */
	qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_21, true); /* UART_B_RXD is an input */
	qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_22, true); /* UART_B_RTS is an input */

	/* Stores current UART_A configuration to uart0_cfg */
	qm_uart_get_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg);

	/* Configures UART_A for 115200 bps */
	uart0_cfg.baud_divisor = QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(0, 17, 6);

	/* Configures UART_B for 9600 bps,
	 * 8 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit
	 */
	uart1_cfg.baud_divisor = QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(0, 208, 5);
	uart1_cfg.line_control = QM_UART_LC_8N1;
	uart1_cfg.hw_fc = 1;

	qm_uart_set_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg);
	qm_uart_set_config(QM_UART_1, &uart1_cfg);

	/* enable clock for UART_A */
	clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTA_REGISTER);
	/* enable clock for UART_B */
	clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTB_REGISTER);

	/* this message will only be printed on the default UART */
	QM_PRINTF("Welcome to Intel Quark D2000 UART configuration demo.\r\n");

	qm_uart_write_buffer(QM_UART_0, uart0_message, sizeof(uart0_message));
	qm_uart_write_buffer(QM_UART_1, uart1_message, sizeof(uart1_message));

	while(1) {
		/* checks if received data is available on UART_A */
		if (qm_uart_get_status(QM_UART_0) && QM_UART_RX_BUSY) {
			/* reads byte from UART_A */
			if (qm_uart_read(QM_UART_0, &data) == QM_UART_OK) {
				/* and sends to to UART_B */
				qm_uart_write(QM_UART_1, data);
				/* adds line feed in case of carriage return */
				if (data == '\r') {
					qm_uart_write(QM_UART_1, '\n');
				}
			}
		}
		/* checks if received data is available on UART_B */
		if (qm_uart_get_status(QM_UART_1) && QM_UART_RX_BUSY) {
			/* reads byte from UART_B */
			if (qm_uart_read(QM_UART_1, &data) == QM_UART_OK) {
				/* and sends to to UART_A */
				qm_uart_write(QM_UART_0, data);
				/* adds line feed in case of carriage return */
				if (data == '\r') {
					qm_uart_write(QM_UART_0, '\n');
				}
			}
		}
	}

	return 0;
} UART Programming Example: Interrupt-driven I/O Description The code below shows how to use interrupt-driven I/O. It configures UART_A for 115200 bps, and prints a sign-in message. Next, it configures UART for loopback mode, sets up and starts the interrupt-driven transmit operation, and then sets up and starts interrupt driver receive operation. When both operations are complete, it disables the loopback mode and prints the received data. Follow the next steps to run this code on the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 board: Open Intel® Systems Studio for Microcontrollers. Create a new QMSI BSP project using hello_world as the template. Replace main.c with the code below. Compile and flash the code to the microcontroller. Connect an FTDI USB TTL Serial Cable TTL-232R-3V3 cable to the Arduino breakout pins as follows: FTDI cable pin 1 (GND) to GND pin on the Arduino breakout header FTDI cable pin 3 (TX) to pin number 0 (RX) on the Arduino breakout header FTDI cable pin 4 (RX) to pin number 1 (TX) on the Arduino breakout header Start terminal emulator software (for example PuTTY, screen, or minicom) on the FTDI cable serial port. Configure the port connected to the FTDI cable to 115200 bps. Reset the board. Observe the messages on the terminal. Code /* UART interrupt driven I/O example */

#include <qm_pinmux.h>
#include <qm_uart.h>
#include <qm_interrupt.h>
#include <qm_scss.h>
#include <qm_power.h>

#define TX_XFER_ID 1
#define RX_XFER_ID 2

static void uart0_tx_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len);
static void uart0_rx_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len);
static void uart0_error_callback(uint32_t id, qm_uart_status_t status);
void uart_set_loopback_mode(const qm_uart_t uart, bool enable);

static uint8_t tx_buffer[] =
		"This is the test data being send and received by the UART.";
static uint8_t rx_buffer[64];

static bool tx_xfer_complete = false;
static bool rx_xfer_complete = false;
static bool rx_xfer_error = 0;

int main(void)
{
	qm_uart_config_t uart0_cfg;
	qm_uart_transfer_t tx_xfer, rx_xfer;

	/* Configures UART_A for 115200 bps */
	uart0_cfg.baud_divisor = QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(0, 17, 6);
	uart0_cfg.line_control = QM_UART_LC_8N1;
	uart0_cfg.hw_fc = false;

	/* Multiplexes the UARTA RXD and RXD pins and enables input for RXD */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_12, QM_PMUX_FN_2);
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_13, QM_PMUX_FN_2);
	qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_13, true);

	clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTA_REGISTER);
	qm_uart_set_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg);

	QM_PRINTF("Welcome to Intel Quark D2000 UART interrupt driven I/O demo.\r\n");

	/* Enables UART loopback mode */
	uart_set_loopback_mode(QM_UART_0, true);

	/* Sets up interrupt service routine for UART_A */
	qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_UART_0, qm_uart_0_isr);

	/* Sets up interrupt driven transmit request */
	tx_xfer.data = tx_buffer;
	tx_xfer.data_len = sizeof(tx_buffer);
	tx_xfer.fin_callback = uart0_tx_callback;
	tx_xfer.err_callback = uart0_error_callback;
	tx_xfer.id = TX_XFER_ID;

	/* Initiates interrupt driven transmit request */
	qm_uart_irq_write(QM_UART_0, &tx_xfer);

	/* Sets up interrupt driven receive request */
	rx_xfer.data = rx_buffer;
	rx_xfer.data_len = sizeof(tx_buffer);
	rx_xfer.fin_callback = uart0_rx_callback;
	rx_xfer.err_callback = uart0_error_callback;
	rx_xfer.id = RX_XFER_ID;

	/* Initiates interrupt driven receive request */
	qm_uart_irq_read(QM_UART_0, &rx_xfer);


	/* Waits for transfers to complete */
	while (!tx_xfer_complete || !rx_xfer_complete) {
		cpu_halt();
	}

	/* Disables UART loopback mode */
	uart_set_loopback_mode(QM_UART_0, false);

	if (0 == rx_xfer_error) {
		QM_PRINTF("UART interrupt driven transmit and receive complete.\r\n");
		QM_PRINTF("Buffer: %s\r\n", rx_buffer);
	} else {
		QM_PRINTF("UART interrupt driven I/O error.\r\n");
		QM_PRINTF("UART LSR error bits: 0x%d\r\n", rx_xfer_error);
	}

	while(1) {
		cpu_halt();
	}

	return 0;
}

void uart0_tx_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len)
{
	switch (id) {

	case TX_XFER_ID:
		tx_xfer_complete = true;
		break;

	default:
		break;
	}
}

void uart0_rx_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len)
{
	switch (id) {

	case RX_XFER_ID:
		rx_xfer_complete = true;
		break;
	default:
		break;
	}
}

void uart0_error_callback(uint32_t id, qm_uart_status_t status)
{
	rx_xfer_error = status;
}

void uart_set_loopback_mode(const qm_uart_t uart, bool enable)
{
	if (enable) {
		QM_UART[uart].mcr |= BIT(4);
	} else {
		QM_UART[uart].mcr &= ~BIT(4);
	}
} License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 - Accelerometer Tutorial Smarter Security Camera: A POC Using the Intel® IoT Gateway Intel® Quark™ D1000 – PushButton ISR Example Mobile Messaging with Twilio Predicting User Activity in Devices Using an Accelerometer with the Intel® Edison Board SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 8 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,595,987 members (60,882 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as IoT Stats 3.7K views 1 bookmarked Posted 8 Sep 2016 Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 - Accelerometer Tutorial Intel Corporation, 8 Sep 2016 CPOL This sample application reads and outputs accelerometer data to the serial port, and also uses the Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives for Microcontrollers (DSP functions) library to compute root mean square, variance, and mean for the last 15 Z axis readings. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers includes multiple samples to help you get up to speed with its basic functionality and become familiar with the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Software Interface (Intel® QMSI). This sample application reads and outputs accelerometer data to the serial port, and also uses the Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives for Microcontrollers (DSP functions) library to compute root mean square, variance, and mean for the last 15 Z axis readings. Requirements Ensure you have completed the Getting Started instructions which you can find here: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/d2000/get-started Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 developer board and USB cable Intel ® System Studio for Microcontrollers FTDI cable (model TTL-232R-3V3 works well) for serial output. You can purchase an FTDI cable or find out more about them here: http://www.ftdichip.com/Products/Cables/USBTTLSerial.htm. Links at the top of that page let you download drivers for the FTDI cable, if needed. Instructions Connect the FTDI cable for serial output by connecting the cables in the following configuration: Connect GND (black) from the serial cable to the board's GND pin. Connect TXD (orange) from the serial cable to the board's RX pin. Connect RXD (yellow) from the serial cable to the board's TX pin. Launch the Intel ® System Studio for Microcontrollers IDE. Create a project with the "Accelerometer" sample project file, as follows: From the File menu, select New, and then select Intel Project for Microcontrollers. The Create a new Project wizard appears. Specify the following values in the Create a new Project wizard: Developer board: Intel® Quark™ D2000 Developer Board Project type: Intel® QMSI (1.1) Connection type: USB-Onboard Project name: Accelerometer Click Finish. Set up the Serial Terminal view to see the sensor output. This window will display the accelerometer's sensor data via the UART interface over the serial cable. Tip: The port will vary depending on the serial hardware used, and there may be more than one listed. There are a few ways to check your port: Note: If you close the Serial Terminal window, you can open it again by choosing Window > Show View > Other > Intel ISSM > Serial Terminal At the bottom right of the window, select the Serial Terminal tab, and click the icon to open a new serial terminal connection. Ensure that the correct serial port is selected. You can also click the Custom configuration menu to modify the default serial connection settings. Unplug the FTDI cable from your PC and refresh the "Open Serial Terminal" window to determine which COM port is active. Linux*: Use the ‘dmesg’ command to view your port status. Windows*: Open Device Manager to view the Ports (COM & LPT) status. Click OK and the connection to the Serial Terminal will be made. You should see status "Connected" in the serial console. Build and deploy your project. Note: you can also deploy and debug. From the Debug drop-down list, select "Accelerometer (flashing)". Select the "Accelerometer" project in the Project Explorer. Click the Build button to compile your project. From the Run drop-down list, select "Accelerometer (flashing)". View X, Y, and Z values from the accelerometer in the terminal. How It Works The accelerometer sample uses the onboard Bosch BMC150 accelerometer connected to the microcontroller using the I2C interface, and the RTC (real time clock) integrated in Intel® Quark™ microcontroller. It also uses the integrated UART module for the data output over serial port. The sample begins in the main function, with setting up RTC parameters in an rtc configuration structure: /* Configure the RTC and request the IRQ. */
rtc.init_val = 0;
rtc.alarm_en = true;
rtc.alarm_val = INTERVAL;
rtc.callback = accel_callback;
rtc.callback_data = NULL;
 This configuration enables the RTC alarm, and sets accel_callback as the callback function for the RTC alarm. It is used to periodically print accelerometer data. Next, the code requests an interrupt for the RTC by using a QMSI API call, and also enables the RTC clock: qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_RTC_0, qm_rtc_isr_0);

/* Enable the RTC. */
clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_RTC_REGISTER | CLK_PERIPH_CLK);
 After that, it configures the accelerometer parameters depending on the accelerometer type (BMC150 or BMI160): #if (QUARK_D2000)
      cfg.pos = BMC150_J14_POS_0;
#endif /* QUARK_D2000 */

       /* Initialise the sensor config and set the mode. */
      bmx1xx_init(cfg);
      bmx1xx_accel_set_mode(BMX1XX_MODE_2G);

#if (BMC150_SENSOR)
       bmx1xx_set_bandwidth(BMC150_BANDWIDTH_64MS); /* Set the bandwidth. */
#elif(BMI160_SENSOR)
       bmx1xx_set_bandwidth(BMI160_BANDWIDTH_10MS); /* Set the bandwidth. */
#endif /* BMC150_SENSOR */ The cfs.pos parameter is used to configure the accelerometer address for the BMC150 accelerometer. The Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Developer Kit board has a jumper that allows changing the address. The BMC150_J14_POS_0 is the default (no jumper, I2C address 0x10) configuration. Next, the RTC configuration is set up, thus enabling the RTC alarm:  /* Start the RTC. */
qm_rtc_set_config(QM_RTC_0, &rtc);
 A while loop is used to wait for the defined number of samples from the accelerometer to be read and printed to the serial console output: /* Wait for the correct number of samples to be read. */
while (!complete)
;
 Each time the 125-millisecond interval is reached and the RTC alarm is triggered, the following accel_callback function is invoked. The accel data structure defined at the start of the function is passed into the bmx1xx_read_accel function, which populates it with the current accelerometer data read. If this read is successful, the accelerometer data is printed to the serial console output; otherwise, an error message is printed. /* Accel callback will run every time the RTC alarm triggers. */
static void accel_callback(void *data)
{
       bmx1xx_accel_t accel = {0};

       if (0 == bmx1xx_read_accel(&accel)) {
              QM_PRINTF("x %d y %d z %d\n", accel.x, accel.y, accel.z);
       } else {
              QM_PUTS("Error: unable to read from sensor");
       } If IPP is enabled (it is enabled by default in the sample application), it prints the statistics for the Z axis by calling the print_axis_stats function. (See the print_axis_stats function description, below.) #if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
       print_axis_stats(accel.z);
#endif /* __IPP_ENABLE__ */
 The callback function checks whether the defined number of samples have been read; if not, the RTC alarm is reset and the count is incremented, otherwise the complete variable is set to true. /* Reset the RTC alarm to fire again if necessary. */
if (cb_count < NUM_SAMPLES) {
       qm_rtc_set_alarm(QM_RTC_0,
                     (QM_RTC[QM_RTC_0].rtc_ccvr + INTERVAL));
       cb_count++;
} else {
       complete = true;
}
 Note that by default, the application reads 500 samples (NUM_SAMPLES) before exiting. Finally, when the complete variable is set to true, the while loop exits and the applications prints a final statement to the serial console output, and exits.        QM_PUTS("Finished: Accelerometer example app");

       return 0;
} Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives for Microcontrollers Library The Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives for Microcontrollers library is a set of building blocks for signal and data processing applications for x86-based microcontrollers. Intel® IPP is available with an Intel® IPP classic-style API and a generic DSP-style API; this application is developed with the DSP-style API to demonstrate the usage of Intel® IPP for Microcontrollers in a DSP use case. Additional information on Intel® IPP can be found in the Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers User and Reference Guide. The print_axis_stats function uses the Intel IPP (Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives) library to print the statistics of the last 15 (set by NUM_SAMPLES) Z axis readings. First, it updates the samples array with the new Z axis sample, and if needed, updates the samples count: static void print_axis_stats(int16_t value)
{
       static uint32_t index = 0;
       static uint32_t count = 0;
       float32_t mean, var, rms;

       /* Overwrite the oldest sample in the array. */
       samples[index] = value;
       /* Move the index on the next position, wrap around if necessary. */
       index = (index + 1) % SAMPLES_SIZE;

       /* Store number of samples until it reaches SAMPLES_SIZE. */
       count = count == SAMPLES_SIZE ? SAMPLES_SIZE : count + 1; Next, it calculates and prints root mean square, variance, and mean values for the collected samples, using the ippsq statistics functions: /* Get the root mean square (RMS), variance and mean. */
       ippsq_rms_f32(samples, count, &rms);
       ippsq_var_f32(samples, count, &var);
       ippsq_mean_f32(samples, count, &mean);

       QM_PRINTF("rms %d var %d mean %d\n", (int)rms, (int)var, (int)mean);
} Accelerometer Sample Application Code /*
* Copyright (c) 2016, Intel Corporation
* All rights reserved.
*/
 
/*
* QMSI Accelerometer app example.
*
* This app will read the accelerometer data from the onboard BMC150/160 sensor
* and print it to the console every 125 milliseconds. The app will complete
* once it has read 500 samples.
*
* If the app is compiled with the Intel(R) Integrated Performance Primitives
* (IPP) library enabled, it will also print the Root Mean Square (RMS),
* variance and mean of the last 15 samples each time.
*/

#include 
#if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
#include 
#endif
#include "clk.h"
#include "qm_interrupt.h"
#include "qm_isr.h"
#include "qm_rtc.h"
#include "qm_uart.h"
#include "bmx1xx/bmx1xx.h"

#define INTERVAL (QM_RTC_ALARM_SECOND >> 3) /* 125 milliseconds. */
#define NUM_SAMPLES (500)
#if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
/* Number of samples to use to generate the statistics from. */
#define SAMPLES_SIZE (15)
#endif /* __IPP_ENABLED__ */

static volatile uint32_t cb_count = 0;
static volatile bool complete = false;

#if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
static float32_t samples[SAMPLES_SIZE];

static void print_axis_stats(int16_t value)
{
      static uint32_t index = 0;
      static uint32_t count = 0;
      float32_t mean, var, rms;

      /* Overwrite the oldest sample in the array. */
      samples[index] = value;
      /* Move the index on the next position, wrap around if necessary. */
      index = (index + 1) % SAMPLES_SIZE;

      /* Store number of samples until it reaches SAMPLES_SIZE. */
      count = count == SAMPLES_SIZE ? SAMPLES_SIZE : count + 1;

      /* Get the root mean square (RMS), variance and mean. */
      ippsq_rms_f32(samples, count, &rms);
      ippsq_var_f32(samples, count, &var);
      ippsq_mean_f32(samples, count, &mean);

      QM_PRINTF("rms %d var %d mean %d\n", (int)rms, (int)var, (int)mean);
}
#endif /* __IPP_ENABLE__ */

/* Accel callback will run every time the RTC alarm triggers. */
static void accel_callback(void *data)
{
      bmx1xx_accel_t accel = {0};

      if (0 == bmx1xx_read_accel(&accel)) {
            QM_PRINTF("x %d y %d z %d\n", accel.x, accel.y, accel.z);
      } else {
            QM_PUTS("Error: unable to read from sensor");
      }

#if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
      print_axis_stats(accel.z);
#endif /* __IPP_ENABLE__ */

      /* Reset the RTC alarm to fire again if necessary. */
      if (cb_count < NUM_SAMPLES) {
            qm_rtc_set_alarm(QM_RTC_0,
                        (QM_RTC[QM_RTC_0].rtc_ccvr + INTERVAL));
            cb_count++;
      } else {
            complete = true;
      }
}

int main(void)
{
      qm_rtc_config_t rtc;
      bmx1xx_setup_config_t cfg;

      QM_PUTS("Starting: Accelerometer example app");

      /* Configure the RTC and request the IRQ. */
      rtc.init_val = 0;
      rtc.alarm_en = true;
      rtc.alarm_val = INTERVAL;
      rtc.callback = accel_callback;
      rtc.callback_data = NULL;

      qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_RTC_0, qm_rtc_isr_0);

      /* Enable the RTC. */
      clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_RTC_REGISTER | CLK_PERIPH_CLK);

#if (QUARK_D2000)
      cfg.pos = BMC150_J14_POS_0;
#endif /* QUARK_D2000 */

      /* Initialise the sensor config and set the mode. */
      bmx1xx_init(cfg);
      bmx1xx_accel_set_mode(BMX1XX_MODE_2G);

#if (BMC150_SENSOR)
      bmx1xx_set_bandwidth(BMC150_BANDWIDTH_64MS); /* Set the bandwidth. */
#elif(BMI160_SENSOR)
      bmx1xx_set_bandwidth(BMI160_BANDWIDTH_10MS); /* Set the bandwidth. */
#endif /* BMC150_SENSOR */

      /* Start the RTC. */
      qm_rtc_set_config(QM_RTC_0, &rtc);

      /* Wait for the correct number of samples to be read. */
      while (!complete)
            ;

      QM_PUTS("Finished: Accelerometer example app");

      return 0;
} License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API 10 Ways to Boost COBOL Application Development Window Tabs (WndTabs) Add-In for DevStudio Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 8 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,595,987 members (60,882 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as AWSIoT Stats 3.4K views 1 bookmarked Posted 8 Sep 2016 Connecting an Intel® IoT Gateway to Amazon Web Services Intel Corporation, 8 Sep 2016 CPOL This guide will walk you through adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway and adding support for Amazon Web Services so you can begin developing applications for this platform in your programming language of choice. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Prerequisites Intel® IoT Gateway Technology running IDP 3.1 or above with internet access A development device (e.g., laptop) on the same network as the Intel® IoT Gateway Terminal access to the Intel® IoT Gateway from your development device Amazon Web Services account: https://aws.amazon.com/ Please see the following documentation for setting up your Intel® IoT Gateway:https://software.intel.com/en-us/node/633284 Adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway Access the console on your gateway using either a monitor and keyboard connected directly, or SSH (recommended). Add the GPG key for the cloud repository using the following command: rpm --import http://iotdk.intel.com/misc/iot_pub.key On your development device (e.g., laptop) open a web browser and load the IoT Gateway Developer Hub interface by entering the IP address of your gateway in the address bar. Tip: You can find your gateway’s IP address using the ifconfig command. Login to the IoT Gateway Developer Hub interface using your credentials. The default login and password are both root. Add the IoT Cloud repository. Go to the Packages section and click the Add Repo + button. Populate the fields with the following information and click Add Repository: Name: IoT_Cloud URL: http://iotdk.intel.com/repos/iot-cloud/wrlinux7/rcpl13 Finally, click the Update Repositories button to update the package list. Adding AWS* support to your Intel® IoT Gateway Click the Add Packages + button to bring up the list of packages you can install. Search for cloud-aws using the search box at the top of the package window. Click the Install button next to the packagegroup-cloud-aws entry. Setup your user in AWS* console In a browser navigate to the AWS* console at https://console.aws.amazon.com and login to your AWS account. Assign the AWSIoTFullAccess policy to your user. Click on your account name in the top right corner of the console and select Security Credentials from the drop-down list. IF you get the popup message above select Continue to Security Credentials. Select Users from the left-hand panel to get a list of all users in your AWS account. If there are no users listed click the Create New Users button, enter the usernames you would like to create and click Create. Your AWS users should then be listed as above. Click on your user to show a summary page. Select the Permissions tab and click on Attach Policy. Scroll down through the list of policies until you find AWSIoTFullAccess. Select this policy and click Attach Policy to add this policy to your user. Create an access key for your device Back on the user summary screen, select the Security Credentials tab and click on Create Access Key. At this point, a window will appear showing you your unique access key pair. The Secret Access Key will not be shown again once this window is closed, which means you will need to generate a new access key. Warning: Do not close this window before completing the next section! Configuring your gateway Tip: It is recommended that you use SSH to connect to your gateway, or access the command line through the Intel Developer Hub interface to make copying access keys easier. If you are accessing the command line of your gateway directly, using a monitor and keyboard, you will need to manually enter the access key and secret access key in the next section. 1. Add your user credentials to the gateway. Enter the following command to add your user credentials to the gateway: aws configure When prompted, enter the following information: AWS Access Key ID: The Access Key ID you just generated. AWS Secret Access Key: The Secret Access Key which pairs the access key you just generated. Default region name: See here for a list of regions (e.g. eu-west-1) http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#iot_region Default output format: Default is fine, so hit Enter to continue. 2. Create a thing. Enter the following commands on your gateway to create an associated thing in your AWS* instance: aws iot create-thing --thing-name gateway-test-01 If adding the thing is successful, you will get output similar to below. 3. Create a permissive policy Enter the following command to create a new policy in your AWS instance: aws iot create-policy --policy-name gateway-policy --policy-document '{ "Version": "2012-10-17", "Statement": [{ "Effect": "Allow", "Action":["iot:*"], "Resource": ["*"] }] }' If the policy is successfully added, the console output should be similar to that below. 4. Create keys and certificate for thing. Enter the following commands on your gateway to create keys and certificates to communicate with AWS*: wget -O rootCA.pem https://www.symantec.com/content/en/us/enterprise/verisign/roots/VeriSign-Class%203-Public-Primary-Certification-Authority-G5.pem

aws iot create-keys-and-certificate --set-as-active --certificate-pem-outfile cert.pem --private-key-outfile privkey.pem You should get output similar to that shown below, followed by a lot of JSON data. For the next step, we need to know only the certificateArn value, which is at the beginning of the console output. 5. Attach the policy to the certificate. You now need to attach the thing certificate we just generated to the policy you created earlier. Do this with the following command: aws iot attach-principal-policy --policy-name ${POLICY_NAME} &ndash;principal ${CERTIFICATE_ARN} Be sure to enter the policy name you entered above (e.g. gateway-policy) and the certificateArn from the previous step. For example: aws iot attach-principal-policy --policy-name gateway-policy --principal arn:aws:iot:eu-west-1:681450608718:cert/122c86b84c6e0b919353882c03ca37385855897e16804438a20d44b3f9934cb3 6. Check device in AWS* IoT Console. In your browser navigate to the AWS* console home screen by clicking on the AWS icon in the top-left of the page. In the top right-hand corner check that the region you configured your gateway with is selected (e.g. Ireland) and then select the AWS IoT service from the list. Your AWS IoT dashboard should now contain your thing, policy and certificate you just configured on your gateway. Sending data to AWS* IoT service using Python Now that your gateway is configured, you are ready to begin sending data to AWS IoT. There are a number of Python samples included which you can use for testing. Monitor gateway communication in the AWS* console From your AWS IoT console select MQTT Client near the top-right of the page. In the MQTT Client window, enter the thing name for your gateway which you assigned earlier (e.g. gateway-test-01) and click Connect. The Connection status indicator will turn green and say Connected if AWS is able to communicate with your gateway. Select Subscribe to topic from the MQTT Client Actions. In the Subscription topic field, enter sdk/test/Python and click Subscribe. Messages received from the gateway will now appear in the message box on the left. Send messages from the gateway Enter the following command to get the endpoint to send messages to AWS: aws iot describe-endpoint This will return the endpointAddress, which we will need for the next step. So, copy the address in quotes. Navigate to the directory that contains the AWS samples: cd /usr/share/awsiotsdk/samples/python/ Run the sample using the following command: python basicPubSub.py -e [ENDPOINT] -r [ROOTCA_PATH] -c [CERT_PATH] &ndash;k [PRIVATE_KEY_PATH] ENDPOINT: This is the endpoint address you discovered in the previous step. ROOTCA_PATH: This is the path to the rootCA.pem file you downloaded earlier. CERT_PATH: This is the path to the cert.pem file you generated earlier. PRIVATE_KEY_PATH: This is the path to the privkey.pem file you generated earlier. All of the certificates and keys should have been downloaded or created in the same path. By default this will be /root or $HOME unless you changed directory after logging into the gateway. Below is a working example: python basicPubSub.py -e a1gx5hswnkj6kf.iot.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com -r $HOME/rootCA.pem -c $HOME/cert.pem -k $HOME/privkey.pem If the sample app is running correctly, you will start seeing console output like that shown above, indicating that messages are being sent on the sdk/test/Python topic. To verify this, head back to your browser and take a look in the message window. You should see new messages being displayed similar to those in the screenshot below. Your gateway is now connected to AWS* IoT and able to send and receive data. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Using Amazon Web Services (AWS) IoT with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Predicting User Activity in Devices Using an Accelerometer with the Intel® Edison Board Using the IBM Watson IoT Platform with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 8 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 After slamming the company in a leaked memo, Intel's $25 million man explains why he did it Eugene Kim Sep. 8, 2016, 1:07 PM 6,712 facebook linkedin twitter email print Venkata "Murthy" RenduchintalaIntel Intel spent $25 million to poach Venkata "Murthy" Renduchintala from Qualcomm last year, putting him in charge of the company's PC and IoT businesses and making him the company's second most powerful executive behind CEO Brian Krzanich. Renduchintala didn't waste anytime to make his presence felt at Intel. In a leaked memo picked up by The Oregonian's Mike Rogoway in April, Renduchintala slammed the company's slow management and lack of focus. "Over the last three months I have conducted numerous project reviews with our execution teams, and there is a clear trend that has emerged in these reviews — a lack of product/customer focus in execution that is creating schedule and competitiveness gaps in our products," the note said. But when asked about the memo in an interview at Citi Conference this week, Renduchintala defended his language, calling it an "honest communication" between himself and his direct reports. He said: "I don't think the contents of the memo was anything other than a reflection of my thoughts after three months being there, and I think they were more in terms of areas where we could refine and adjust our approach as opposed to maybe the interpretation in the press of something being really broken...It was really written as essentially a very honest communication between myself and my direct staff." "They weren't proclamations" Renduchintala added it's simply the way he intends to run his team so they can engage in constructive discussions and move quickly. He believes it's the best way to get aligned as a team without any confusions. He added: "They weren't proclamations, they were observations and perceptions, made clear in a memo, to be challenged, to be discussed, and to be the base upon which we develop a mutual understanding of how we work as a team...But at the end of the day, engage in a dialogue where we all come out aligned as a team. And it was in that spirit that I wrote the memo." Renduchintala has a reputation of being a straight shooter type of manager, according to multiple people we spoke with. One person described him as being "loud" and "not afraid to say" his opinion, while another called his leadership style "command and control" where he often "dressed down" underperforming executives at Qualcomm. Even at Intel, the current management team's reception has been "mixed," especially because of his unusually large compensation package which "came off the wrong way" internally, according to another current Intel employee we spoke with. In any case, Renduchintala has a lot of control at Intel. CEO Krzanich showed his support in April when he said Renduchintala would largely be in charge of making the final call for the company's biggest layoff in history. And all the changes are causing anger and turmoil among old timers. In fact, two long time executives, Kirk Skaugen and Doug Davis, announced their departures soon after Renduchintala was hired. SEE ALSO: Intel's $25 million man says there are 3 massive changes happening in tech right now NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... More: Intel Venkata “Murthy” Renduchintala Qualcomm facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru After slamming the company in a leaked memo, Intel's $25 million man explains why he did it After slamming the company in a leaked memo, Intel's $25 million man explains why he did it Intel spent $25 million to poach Venkata... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Former hostages explain why ISIS' foreign fighters might be overcompensating for something David Choi Sep. 8, 2016, 1:25 PM 10,832 facebook linkedin twitter email print A masked militant, who has been identified by the Washington Post as a Briton named Mohammed Emwazi, brandishes a knife in this image from a 2014 video obtained from SITE Intel Group, February 26, 2015. According to US officials, he has since been killed by US airstrikes. REUTERS/SITE Intel Group/Handout via Reuters Although foreign policy experts and human behavior psychologists can analyze the motivations of western jihadists pledging allegiance to a failing state, few have probably come close to interacting with them on a daily basis as the hostages they took by force. A report from Australian Broadcasting Corporation’s Lateline sheds light on the experiences of several hostages that seem to corroborate the over-the-top actions of their captors who originated from Europe. By doing so, the report has laid bare some of the militants' underlying motivations. In the Lateline interview, French journalist Nicolas Henin recounts his 10 months as a prisoner after being captured in Syria by ISIS militants. He differentiated between the local jihadists who had a more specific agenda, and those who merely harbored ill-will for fellow westerners. "This mad enterprise of hostage taking was mostly [a] kind of revenge of westerners against westerners ... we were almost two dozen western hostages held by mostly western captors," he explained to Lateline. “It can sound weird … but we … were sometimes protected by local Syrian members of IS against the violence of foreigners,” Henin continued in the Lateline report." For the locals, their jihad, their holy war, had a much more local agenda.” Another prisoner who shared the same cell with Henin also recounted his ordeal as ISIS’ prisoner. Daniel Rye Ottosen, who was released after paying ransom, spent 13 months being tortured by the likes of British citizen Mohammed Emwazi. "What Daniel was explaining to me was that there was a clear difference between the local guards around him and the foreign guards," explained Danish journalist Puk Damsgaard, who has since chronicled Ottosen’s tale in her book, 'The ISIS Hostage: One Man’s True Story of 13 Months in Captivity.' "The foreign guards … were among the most violent and I think some of the things that motivated them was clearly what they grew up [with] in back in England or back in France … and what they have seen on the international stage — political reasons rather than necessarily religious,” said Damsgaard to Lateline. An unidentified suspect is brought into court in Tampere, Finland, December 11, 2015. Finnish police said they arrested two Iraqi brothers believed to have been members of ISIS. Anni Reenpaa/Lehtikuva via AP Amidst the whipping and beatings, Ottosen was also the subject of humiliation, such as being forced to dance the tango and sing songs, by Emwazi. His experiences grew to the point where he even attempted suicide, only to be eventually caught by his captors. However, it doesn’t appear that Ottosen bears hatred toward his oppressors. On the contrary, in a Newsweek interview, he explained that if he was faced with them today, he would not engage them physically, but instead do so with social discourse. “I do not think that any of them were evil,” he said in Newsweek. “I remember in the schoolyard … some of the kids who are the weakest are also the ones who do cruel things to protect themselves and to hide their weaknesses.” “So I think some of the people who were very violent to us had issues. You do it because you need to prove something to somebody. I feel a little bit sorry for some of them.” Although the number of these tourist-terrorists from foreign nations may at first glance be worrisome, the recent progress of coalition forces in what was once ISIS-held territories could ultimately convince foreign fighters to second-guess their intentions. SEE ALSO: ISIS is recruiting desperate jihadists in a way al Qaeda 'never even considered' NOW WATCH: Female soldiers have created a 30-woman unit to fight ISIS in Iraq Loading video... More: Isis Syria Iraq Terrorist Prisoner Hostage Ransom facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Former hostages explain why ISIS' foreign fighters might be overcompensating for something Former hostages explain why ISIS' foreign fighters might be overcompensating for something Although foreign policy experts and human... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Military Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null

obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu GAME CHANGER How a single deal with a decidedly unhip tech company built the Vice media behemoth Written by Ashley Rodriguez Obsession Glass September 08, 2016 (AP Images/John Minchillo) Share Written by Ashley Rodriguez Obsession Glass September 08, 2016 In 2009, when most media outlets were selling display ads for pennies per click to support their burgeoning web businesses, Vice was cutting a multi-million dollar advertising deal that would become the foundation of its media empire. At the time, Vice—which had print magazines, websites, online videos, and other media properties—was making the bulk of its digital advertising revenue from banner ads, like everyone else. That is, until, it was approached by computer-chip maker Intel, the Wall Street Journal revealed (paywall) in a profile on CEO Shane Smith (and his $23 million Californian estate). Intel was growing out of touch with young audiences and was desperate to reach the millennials who were Vice’s bread and butter, the publication reported. The company’s then-chief marketing officer Deborah Conrad asked Vice for ideas on how to connect with them. It was Vice’s first foray into native advertising—ads that reflect the look and feel of the media they’re in and are often created by the media firm itself— but certainly not its last. Smith says: That program built the company. You learn, holy shit, we could do a $40 million deal with Intel where we actually create content that we like, and they don’t give notes! Why were we doing banner ads? Those $40 million deals have turned into $100 million deals. Intel and Vice partnered on a $40 million Vice-produced series funded entirely by Intel that showcased the work of contemporary artists called the Creators Project. It launched in 2010 with a website as well as print and television content, and events in five global cities. And Intel’s logo was featured modestly on all of it, so as not to mislead young audiences who were wary of covert ads and endorsements. The Creators Project is still around today. Intel is listed as a founding partner on the project, which is also sponsored by other brands like Adobe, and includes daily video and editorial content, a YouTube channel, artwork commissions, and events. Meanwhile, Vice has grown into a media behemoth with its own cable TV network, HBO programming, and deals with media brands like Verizon and Snapchat. It’s reportedly worth $4 billion and Vice expected to earn nearly $1 billion in revenue in 2015 (paywall). The company has not yet revealed its actual revenue for the year. Vice is not the only digital publisher to turn to native advertising in recent years. Buzzfeed, which doesn’t sell banner ads and makes earns most of its revenue from branded content, is largely considered the modern innovator of native advertising, which has its roots in the past. Other digital publications like Mashable (and Quartz) have also used branded content to build up their businesses, and legacy newspaper brands like the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal have in-house custom content shops today. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Nvidia Linux Ibm Data Centre IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world NVLink, big bandwidth, but is it enough? A killer box 8 Sep 2016 at 14:04, Dan Olds, OrionX Dan Olds, OrionX Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles Boffins of the future gear up to build their own beastmode rigs OpenStack brings cloud at the press of a button This week's biggest shock: The race to 200Gbps has been won HPC Blog IBM is mounting its strongest challenge yet to x86 hegemony with the unveiling of its spanking new Linux based S822LC system. What makes this system different is that it’s based on a new processor/motherboard configuration, complete with a sporty NVIDIA NVLink connector. According to my research, close to half of you HPC users have a significant number of applications that are starved for more memory bandwidth. If this describes you, then you might want to take a look at this new IBM box – it has more memory bandwidth than anything else out there. How much more? Well, the basic Power 8 system has up to 230GB/s of memory bandwidth vs. 102GB/s for Intel’s latest and greatest processors. That’s a pretty good advantage right there, but IBM, with the help of its OpenPOWER buddy NVIDIA, has upped the ante by building NVLink into this new server. NVLink is a GPU connector (pictured above) that provides a very fast interconnect that can connect GPUs to GPUs, and GPUs to CPUs. It’s plenty speedy at 80 GB/s, particularly when compared to current PCIe 3.0 speeds of 32GB/s. NVLink also gives GPUs direct access to server memory, which serves to flatten the programming model and further reduce latency. Each S822LC contains four NVLink ports (close-up pictured above) supporting up to four Pascal GPUs. The other two systems announced today include the S822LC for Big Data, a storage optimized 2U two socket box that has space for up to 16 drives (96TB total), two NVIDIA K80s, and 512GB main memory. The other system is a highly dense 1U system that offers up to two processors (20 cores total), 32 TB of storage, and 512GB memory. According to IBM, this system can deliver almost 7,000 threads in a single rack, which is, again according to them, 80 per cent more than HPE’s DL360 system. Either way, that’s a lot of threads. All of these boxes can only run Linux operating systems and workloads. Their Linux ecosystem is growing at a good pace with more than 2,500 Linux ISVs developing for Power and more than 100,000 open source Linux packages optimized for Power 8. Their rebel alliance, the OpenPOWER Foundation, now boasts more than 250 members, which is quite a bit larger than the original five founding members (IBM, Google, Tyan, NVIDIA, and Mellanox). IBM has also signaled that it's going to be much more aggressive in the future when it comes to taking on Intel and its x86 partners. In an analyst briefing, it pledged to beat any x86 system on a TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) and, if I heard correctly, also on a TCA (Total Cost of Acquisition) basis. That’s a big deal for Big Blue, which has never been known for bargain basement gear pricing. I would look for IBM to follow through on their aggressive rhetoric; they need Power to become a breakthrough product in order to remain relevant as a system house. Given the specs of the new HPC box, I think they can compete and win against x86 in a lot of application areas. It’ll be good to have an old fashioned server war again, don’t you think? ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 61 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Intel India Launches 'Digital India Challenge 2.0' IANSSep 8, 2016, 06.19 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit IntelImage Credit In its bid to inspire grassroots innovation and harness local talent in the country, Intel India along with the Department of Science & Technology (DST) on Thursday launched "Digital India Challenge 2.0". Presented in collaboration with MyGov, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeITY) and Hyderabad-based T-Hub Foundation, this year's challenge invites innovators makers across India to build solutions to accelerate the digitisation and commercially develop their prototypes on Intel Architecture (iA). "It is heartening to see public-private collaborations, such as the one between Intel India, MeITY, MyGov and T-Hub, driven towards building a long-term innovation culture in the nation," said Telangana Information and Technology Minister K.T. Rama Rao. This year, the challenge will roll out in five phases, with the final taking place in April 2017. Shortlisted teams will receive Rs 3 lakh grant each to create minimum-viable products (MVPs) based on Intel Architecture (iA) in an accelerator programme at the T-Hub incubator in Hyderabad. The winning team will get Rs 20 lakh to further their project development. "Last year, there were six ideas under the challenge that completed the mind-to-market journey, and are already making their solutions available in the Indian health care and agriculture sectors," added Gaurav Dwivedi, CEO, MyGov. The Intel India initiative aims to enable technology innovation in the country for students, entrepreneurs and other innovators. "Innovation is the key ingredient for making the Digital India vision a reality, and we need a local, sustainable innovation ecosystem, to address the country's challenges," said Debjani Ghosh, Managing Director and Vice President (Sales & Marketing), Intel South Asia. "Through strong public-private collaboration, wherein MeITY, MyGov, T-Hub, and Intel India are working together to turn ideas to solutions, disruptive yet sustainable technology innovations are now a reality," she added. In its recent collaboration with NITI Aayog, Intel India is working to establish Atal Tinkering Laboratories (ATLs) for "mini makers" in 10 schools across the country. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: MyGovministry of electronics and information technologyIntel IndiaIntel ArchitectureDigital India Challenge 2.0Digital India Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryTruecaller Integrates Apple's CallKit To Identify Spam Calls Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author PoopMD app can scan liver disease in newborns Vodafone India starts 4G trials Government's final net neutrality view still awaited: Prasad Related stories Intel India to empower non-urban citizens through technology Digital India: 15 key initiatives PMO App Contest: Google To Turn Narendra Modi’s Dream Of ‘Digital India’ Into A Reality This Is Andhra Pradesh Govt’s Way To Digital India Digital India Summit 2016: Bridging talent demand-supply gap is the key Here’s how Google will give Digital India big boost with Android M in India Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now The OnePlus 3T will launch in India in December How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not Reliance Jio will now monopolize the industrial digital space after taking over consumer tech Samsung is looking to recreate its mid-range magic with the Galaxy C5 Pro and the C7 Pro Apple's OLED dreams too big for Samsung Microsoft's Bill Gates says India to be most digitised economy in mere 7 years Phones next year will need just 15 minutes of charge to last a day, thanks to the new Snapdragon chips Do everything you want, just don't break the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone Apple iPhones may soon be made in US Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) #AdAgeUnicorns: Prasoon Joshi, The Ad Man Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.

null
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18 Intel Launches Nervana Artificial Intelligence Platform Tech giant Intel has announced a new strategy focused on artificial intelligence and based on a new portfolio of technologies centered on its recent acquisition of AI company Nervana Systems. Samsung Not Giving Up: Developing S8, New Note The affair of the flammable Note 7 caused enormous damage to Samsung, and many thought the series was gone forever. A new report, however, states that Samsung may have different plans. Firefox Focus: New App Offers Very Private Browsing Qualcomm Quick Charge To Give Phones 5-hour Charge in 5 Minutes Security Threat: PoisonTap $5 Device Hacks Password-Protected PCs Google Disappointed by South Korean Refusal on Mapping Data CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE ENTERPRISE HARDWARE NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING GOVERNMENT DATA STORAGE OPERATING SYSTEMS TECH TRENDS CIO ISSUES MOBILE TECH BIG DATA WORLD WIDE WEB BUSINESS BRIEFING CRM SYSTEMS AFTER HOURS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) Daily Briefing for Technology's Top Decision-Makers CIO TODAYTOP TECH NEWSDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMEENTERPRISE SOFTWAREENTERPRISE HARDWARENETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGGOVERNMENTMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: DATA STORAGE OPERATING SYSTEMS TECH TRENDS CIO ISSUES MOBILE TECH BIG DATA WORLD WIDE WEB BUSINESS BRIEFING CRM SYSTEMS AFTER HOURS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware TECH TRENDS Intel Acquires Movidius To Accelerate 'Computer Vision' Development Posted September 6, 2016 EARLIER Snapchat Fuels Augmented Reality Hardware Rumors THIS STORY Intel Acquires Movidius To Accelerate 'Computer Vision' Development LATER Tech May Help Steer Older Drivers Down a Safer Road YOU ARE HERE:   HOME TECH TRENDS THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Shirley Siluk. Updated September 6, 2016 9:26AM SHARE ALSO SEE Intel Chip Processor Deep Learning Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Virtual Reality Acquisition Technology News Less than a month after acquiring a startup developing a new computer chip for deep learning, Intel is adding another artificial intelligence company to its portfolio. The addition of Movidius is aimed at boosting Intel's RealSense technology for "computer vision." While neither company disclosed a figure for the deal, Ireland's public service broadcaster RTE reported the purchase price was around $362 million. Founded in 2006 and based in San Mateo, Calif., Movidius designs computer chips for vision processing. Intel said the technology will help bring its own RealSense perceptual computing platform "to fruition." Giving 'Sight to Smart Devices' "The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs [systems on chips] opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, wrote in a blog post yesterday. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond." Adding Movidius' vision processing unit (VPU) technology to Intel's RealSense is "a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane wrote in a separate blog post. El-Ouazzane said that Movidius' VPU is already being used by clients like Google, Lenovo, DJI and FLIR to "give sight to smart devices" such as drones, security cameras, headsets for augmented-reality and virtual-reality applications and other devices. By becoming part of Intel, Movidius will stay focused on its original goals but "with the technology and resources to innovate faster and execute at scale," he noted. A 'Cambrian Explosion of Compute' Last month, Intel announced plans to purchase Nervana, another startup, for a reported $408 million. Nervana is designing the Nervana Engine, an integrated circuit for deep learning that's expected to be released sometime next year. Intel's RealSense platform was designed to "enable intelligent, interactive and autonomous machines with human-like 3D perception." At its annual developer forum last month, Intel announced a number of new kits aimed at supporting new applications for RealSense, including robots, drones and other types of autonomous machines. The addition of Movidius' technology to RealSense will help "trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute" for the estimated 50 billion devices expected to be network-connected by 2020, Walden said yesterday. "We're on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence," El-Ouazzane said. "In the years ahead, we'll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think." The market for artificial intelligence applications for the enterprise is expected to hit $31.2 billion by 2025, compared to the current market value of $358 million, according to a new report from the analyst firm Tractica. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP OF THE NEWS FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18 Intel Launches Nervana Artificial Intelligence Platform Tech giant Intel has announced a new strategy focused on artificial intelligence and based on a new portfolio of technologies centered on its recent acquisition of AI company Nervana Systems. Samsung Not Giving Up: S8 Coming   Firefox Focus Offers Private Browsing   Qualcomm: 5 Mins. for 5-Hour Charge   $5 Tool Hacks Locked Computers   Your data is your most valuable asset, so Find out how to disaster-proof it with eVault, providing data backup and recovery for business. MORE IN TECH TRENDS Firefox Focus Offers Private Browsing Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality Is Facebook Now Too Influential? Apple Out of Touch with Consumers? Next Article > INSIDE CIO TODAY NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE ENTERPRISE HARDWARE NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING GOVERNMENT DATA STORAGE OPERATING SYSTEMS TECH TRENDS CIO ISSUES MOBILE TECH BIG DATA WORLD WIDE WEB BUSINESS BRIEFING CRM SYSTEMS AFTER HOURS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES Daily Briefing for Technology's Top Decision-Makers Copyright 2016 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
null
search G Front News Comment Features MARKET ECONOMY ENERGY HEALTHCARE IT REAL ESTATE START UPS AEROSPACE & DEFENSE CHEMICALS & PLASTICS FINANCIAL SERVICES MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS POLITICS TELECOMS, MEDIA & MARKETING TOURISM TRANSPORT & INFRASTRUCTURE WATER Front > News Israeli startup WSC Sports Technologies raises $12m Netanyahu: Submarine deal vital for ensuring our future Netanyahu: Submarine deal vital for ensuring our future 08/09/2016, 15:00 Globes correspondent Investors in the video creation platform for sports broadcasts include Intel Capital and the owners of the Cleveland Cavaliers, Minnesota Vikings and LA Dodgers. Israeli startup WSC Sports Technologies has closed a $12 million Series B financing round of financing led by Intel Capital, with participation from existing and new investors including the Wilf family (owners of the Minnesota Vikings), the ownership of the LA Dodgers, and Dan Gilbert (majority owner of the 2016 NBA Champion Cleveland Cavaliers). Intel Capital Director Uri Arazy will join the WSC Sports board. The investment brings WSC Sports’ total funding to $16 million and will help the company significantly accelerate growth and international expansion. Based in Ramat Gan, the company has developed an automatic, real-time, customized video creation platform for sports broadcasts designed for amplifying sports content and value. WSC Sports was founded by CEO Daniel Shichman, VP business development Aviv Arnon, CTO Shmuel Yoffe, and COO Hy Gal. WSC Sports’ customers, including the NBA, Turner Sports, Big East Conference, British Telecom the ELeague and others, are using the company’s platform to automatically generate customized highlights packages in near real-time and utilize the range of fan engagement products the platform has to offer; the generated video content is featured across multiple digital and social assets, ensuring fans around the world access to the best moments from every team and player they wish. Several other major deals with leading broadcasting and sports organizations are in the works, though still in stealth mode. Shichman said, “WSC Sports is going through a rapid growth period, recently signing several significant commercial agreements. This financing round will enable us to further accelerate growth and strengthen our position as market leaders in our field. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank the entire amazing team at WSC for making this rewarding journey a ton of fun.” Intel Capital president Wendel Brooks said, “Technology is reinventing the way people consume and interact with sports, adding compelling new dimensions to the game. We see sports as a transformative area for investment. We’re pleased to work with WSC Sports as a leading innovator in generating new, large-scale video content to boost fan engagement.” Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on September 8, 2016 © Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2016 5 Comments View comments in rows Update by email about comments talkback POST Comments Your name Please insert your name Content Your comment Thanks You comment was recieved and soon will be published. In posting comments, I agree to abide by the Terms of Use Globes encourages lively and frank debate, but posts that the editors consider merely abusive or otherwise inappropriate will be removed. Report inappropriate content POST Thank you for posting your comment, which will be reviewed for publication. Whith Chaining Without chaining Customer recommended Loading Comments... Load more comments   נושאים למעקב >> WSC's team Photo: PR Front News Comment Features Market Newsletters RSS Israel Resources עברית Globes Conferences International Advertising About Support Powered by UI & Design By Application delivery by © Globes. All rights reserved. Twitter Facebook Linkedin RSS Newsletters גלובס Israel Business Conference 2016
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 18 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Saudi KAEC showcases beach villa plots at Al-Murooj district Oman developing world-class retail projects Abu Dhabi landlords face pressure to lower rents Eight road projects opened in Oman Bahrain's Bapco in talks with ECAs for refinery expansion Hill Intl: 'ongoing talks' to manage Egypt's new capital city project Electricity and water tariff revised in Abu Dhabi Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Abu Dhabi ADGM attracts over 180 companies: chairman Doha Bank plans rights issue to raise capital by 20% Saudi's Fawaz Alhokair closes in on loan for Arab Bank stake Egyptian Life Takaful-GIG launches life savings cover for Suez Cement staff Emirates Islamic Charity Fund to support financial aid for students Tunisia looks to create a new Islamic bank U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter BlackBerry still committed to smartphone business Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC U.S. approves possible sale of defense aircraft to Qatar, Kuwait Saudi sovereign fund fills key positions IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax Palestinians vow to confront Israeli legislation to ratify colonies U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Army on rise in Libya's east, spurring hopes of normal life U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Commodities set for rebound in 2017 Abu Dhabi ADX achieves 99% in disclosure compliance Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Qatar's CBQ bank shareholders approve rights issue Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Egypt c.bank keeps key interest rates unchanged Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Gold set for second weekly loss as dollar soars Oil prices fall as strong dollar wipes out OPEC cut optimism Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Oman tightens tourist visa rules Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Ras Al Khaimah ruler issues law on economic activity Oman tightens tourist visa rules Hundreds falling prey to cyber extortion, Sharjah police say UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Companies in Lebanon forced to halt unlicensed valet services UAE plans new laws for animal feed and pet food Motorists can now renew vehicle registration online in Sharjah Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Egyptian policeman gets life sentence for killing man over cup of tea Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Limbless speaker Nick leaves UAE students speechless Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Diabetes prevalence decreasing in Dubai Beirut Cooking Festival showcases Lebanon’s finest UAE confirms three-day weekend for December Souq.com to hold four-day online shopping festival EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers UAE urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawing INR500-1,000 banknotes Kuwait halts decision on land borders' travelers Monroe's dress from JFK birthday sells for $4.8 mln at auction Leonardo DiCaprio lunches in Edinburgh to support the homeless Bob Dylan will be no-show at Nobel prize ceremony Tennis-Djokovic thrashes Goffin, picks row with umpire Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Soccer-Man Utd quarterly profit falls by a quarter Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Intel and TPG to Collaborate to Establish McAfee as Leading Independent Cybersecurity Company Valued at $4.2 Billion 08 September, 2016 Intel Corporation and TPG Announce an Agreement Under Which the Two Parties Will Establish a Newly Formed, Jointly-Owned, Independent Cybersecurity Company Called McAfee Highlights: TPG and Intel to jointly invest in spin-out of Intel Security in a transaction valuing the business at $4.2 billion Intel to receive $3.1 billion in cash and retain 49 percent stake after completion of the transaction TPG to own 51 percent of the new company, which will be named McAfee Investment reflects TPG's confidence in Intel Security's industry-leading enterprise and consumer businesses, strong market position, and business momentum Advertisement Positions new company as one of the world's largest pure-play cybersecurity firms Intel senior vice president and Intel Security general manager Chris Young and existing management team to lead the new company following transaction close Dubai UAE, Sept. 8, 2016 Intel Corporation and TPG today announced a definitive agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly-owned, independent cybersecurity company. The new company will be called McAfee following transaction close. TPG will own 51 percent of McAfee and Intel will own 49 percent in a transaction valuing the business at approximately $4.2 billion. TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business. Through this transaction, TPG, a leading global alternative asset firm with demonstrated expertise in growing profitable software companies and carve-out investments, and Intel, a global technology leader that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices, will work together to position McAfee as a strong independent company with access to significant financial, operational and technology resources. With the new investment from TPG and continued strategic backing of Intel, the new entity is expected to capitalize on significant global growth opportunities through greater focus and targeted investment. The new company will be one of the world's largest pure-play cybersecurity companies. Last year, Intel Security unveiled a new strategy that refocused the business on endpoint and cloud as security control points, as well as actionable threat intelligence, analytics and orchestration. This new strategy allows customers to detect and respond to more threats faster and with fewer resources. "Security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices," said Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel. "As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee's customers, partners, employees and Intel's shareholders. Intel will continue our collaboration with McAfee as we offer safe and secure products to our customers." "We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG's investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today's rapidly evolving security sector," said Jim Coulter, Co-Founder and Co-CEO of TPG. "TPG is excited to partner with Intel and McAfee management to accelerate growth of the business by enhancing its go-to-market strategy and continuing to grow and strengthen its core product offerings." "At TPG, we look to partner with both established and emergent leaders in dynamic and growing markets," said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG. "We have long identified the cybersecurity sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyberattacks, as one of the most important areas in technology. Given McAfee's leading global market position, loyal customer base, and trusted technology, we see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly-strategic platform that is growing consistently and addressing significant and evolving market demand." Positioning the New Company for Future Growth Chris Young will be appointed CEO of the new company upon closing of the transaction. Today he published an open letter to Intel Security's stakeholders outlining benefits of the transaction and new company. "As a standalone company supported by these two partners, we will be in an even greater position of strength, committed to being the best provider the cybersecurity industry has ever seen," Young said. "We will continue to focus on solving the unique demands of customers in the dynamic cybersecurity marketplace, drive innovation that anticipates future market needs, and continue to grow through our strategic priorities." Currently, Intel Security's comprehensive software platform protects more than a quarter of a billion endpoints, secures the footprint for nearly two-thirds of the world's 2,000 largest companies, detects more than 400,000 new threats each day, and represents more than 7,500 strong of the industry's most talented professionals. The business has demonstrated strong momentum. Through the first half of this year, Intel Security Group revenue grew 11 percent to $1.1 billion, while operating income grew 391 percent to $182 million. Intel Security also increased total bookings 7 percent per year on a constant currency basis from 2013 to 2015.1 Terms of the Transaction, Financing and Timeline Under the terms of the agreement, TPG will own 51 percent of a newly-formed cybersecurity company in a multi-step transaction valuing Intel Security at approximately $4.2 billion, based on an equity value of approximately $2.2 billion plus McAfee net debt of approximately $2 billion. The debt initially will be financed by Intel until completion of audited financial statements for McAfee (expected within three to five months of close). The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. -Ends- About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com andintel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with over $70 billion of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, and Tokyo. TPG's investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit www.tpg.com/. CONTACTS Hill+Knowlton Strategies Khalil Dagher Account Executive Tel:   052 725 4598 Email: Khail.Dagher@hkstrategies.com © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 1 day ago Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: HPE, N, PIR, INTC, NTDOY, ASML, LULU & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Thursday, 8 Sep 2016 | 7:58 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Stocks to Watch: September 8, 2016</p> <p>HP Enterprise, Intel and Sony are making headlines this Thursday morning before the opening bell.</p> Stocks to Watch: September 8, 2016    Thursday, 8 Sep 2016 | 8:00 AM ET | 00:50 Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Hewlett Packard Enterprise — The computer products maker reported adjusted quarterly profit of 49 cents per share, five cents a share above estimates. Revenue did come in below forecasts, although the company gave upbeat current-quarter earnings guidance. Separately, the company announced it would spin off its non-core software assets and merge them with Britain's Micro Focus International in an $8.8 billion transaction. Liberty Media — The media company announced a deal to buy Formula One Racing for $4.4 billion from CVC Capital and its consortium partners. It had been reported earlier in the week that Liberty was in talks to buy a stake in Formula One. Intel – Intel will spin off its cybersecurity unit that was formerly known as McAfee, and will sell a majority stake to private-equity firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. Intel had bought McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion. Tractor Supply — Tractor Supply cut its full-year guidance for a second time, with the farm equipment supplier saying weakness in the agricultural and energy sectors is negatively impacting consumer spending in its target markets. Pier 1 Imports — Pier 1 announced the departure of Chief Executive Officer Alex Smith as of December 31 after nearly 10 years at the helm. At the same time, the retailer reported a comparable-store sales drop of 4.3 percent for the second quarter and that it expected a larger-than-expected quarterly loss of five to six cents per share. Pier 1 is scheduled to report its results on September 15. Nintendo — Nintendo shares remain on watch, after soaring yesterday in the U.S. and in Japan following news that Apple will debut an iPhone version of Nintendo's Super Mario game. ASML Holding — Samsung is selling half its stake in the Dutch semiconductor equipment maker. Financial terms were not revealed. Samsung had held a 2.9 percent stake of 12.6 million shares as of August 16, according to a regulatory filing. Chipotle Mexican Grill — Chipotle has suffered a drop in consumer opinion over the last few weeks, according to pollster YouGov BrandIndex. The decline comes amid renewed food safety concerns. Tesla Motors — The automaker struck an agreement with Deutsche Bank for a $300 million credit line for its vehicle leasing program. Apple — Ireland's parliament voted to back the government's decision to appeal the European Union's $14 billion back taxes assessment against Apple. Sony — Sony unveiled two new versions of the PlayStation 4 video game console, one with higher resolution and better images, and another that is smaller, lighter, and more energy efficient than the current model. Priceline.com — Priceline dumped its "name-your-own-price" feature for airline tickets as of September 1, although it continues to let customers bid on hotel rooms and rental cars. Netsuite — The company's $9.3 billion deal to be acquired by Oracle will be opposed by major shareholder T. Rowe Price, citing conflicts of interest for Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. Ellison and related entities own nearly 40 percent of the cloud software maker's common shares. Viacom — Viacom hired Morgan Stanley and LionTree to review its capital structure, according to Reuters. The report said Viacom is looking to bolster its finances as advertising sales decline. Eli Lilly — JPMorgan Chase upgraded the drug maker to "overweight" from "neutral," saying new products are likely to drive earnings higher in 2017 and beyond. Nike — Piper Jaffray downgraded the athletic apparel and footwear maker to "neutral" from "overweight," citing the resurgence of Adidas and its impact on Nike's business among other factors. Lululemon – Jefferies cut its rating on the yoga wear maker's stock to "hold" from "buy," saying all the positive factors mentioned in a January upgrade have come to fruition with the stock up 30 percent year-to-date. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change HPE --- LULU --- NKE --- LLY --- VIAB --- TROW --- ORCL --- N --- PCLN --- 6758.T --- TSLA --- CMG --- ASML --- AAPL --- 7974.T --- PIR --- TSCO --- INTC --- LMCA --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel, Ericsson expand partnership to focus on media industry The two companies are building on their existing 5G partnership to address challenges across the media value chain. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | September 8, 2016 -- 10:00 GMT (03:00 PDT) | Topic: Cloud There's no question that the way people consume media is changing: Network traffic trends show a relentless shift to mobility. The media industry, however, is still grappling with that shift. All parts of the industry, from broadcasters to service providers, are considering how best to produce content and deliver it to an audience expecting on-demand material on a variety of platforms. That challenge has prompted Intel and Ericsson to build on their existing 5G partnership with an expanded collaborative effort focused on the media industry. Without disclosing specific investments or terms of the partnership, the two companies announced Thursday at the IBC conference that they're pooling resources and working together to address challenges across the whole media value chain, from content creation to delivery. "The goal is to accelerate opportunities for media companies through Ericsson's leadership in video processing, mobility and cloud infrastructure, alongside Intel's advancements in compute, storage, and networking technologies," said a blog post penned by Elisabetta Romano, vice president and head of TV and media for Ericsson, and Jim Blakley, general manager of Intel's visual cloud division. "One of the characteristics about media that makes it particularly challenging," Blakley told ZDNet, "is capacity and the size of video data that needs to be stored and moved around in data centers, and the need to be able to deliver that content to end users without too many delays... particularly in cases of livestreaming when you have to deliver content globally around the world in virtually real time." Both companies bring expertise to the area of video processing. A year ago, Ericsson announced its acquisition of Envivio, a software-based video processing and delivery solutions company. Meanwhile, Intel's FPGA business has applications like real-time video processing. The companies are also aiming to transform the media data center. Ericsson's HDS 8000 Hyperscale data center system, built on Intel's Rack Scale Design, allows media companies to take a disaggregated hardware approach. By taking a new approach to data centers, there's opportunity for the media industry to build out cloud infrastructure to handle workloads like media processing and cloud DVR. Meanwhile, as the two companies continue working on 5G networks, they expect that development to create the bandwidth and low-latency needed for a whole range of new features, like VR and AR content, UHD video and fixed-wireless access to expand last mile reach. Cashless payments: How one city has made electronic transactions pay off To counter a national aversion to digital payments of any kind, the northern Italian city of Bergamo has taken matters into its own hands, with some beneficial results. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories SMBs Nothing good is free: How Linux and open source companies make money Enterprise Software Cloud computing: This is how much you'll be spending on it next year Cloud IBM rolls out new cloud data services and features on Bluemix Cloud Salesforce beats Q3 expectations × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Intel spins off McAfee Posted on September 8, 2016 by Nick Farrell - Business, News, Security Intel has admitted that its $8 billion acquisition of security outfit McAfee never quite worked out and is spinning the business off. Under the deal Intel will collect $3.1 billion in cash and retain a 49 percent ownership stake of McAfee. Meanwhile TPG will own 51 percent of the new company. TPG will make a $1.1 billion equity investment in McAfee, which will also take on $2 billion of debt. The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, Intel said. Analysts and investors have favoured disposing of the business. It sort of made sense in the days when the PC did well but it did not add much to Intel’s chip sales and now the PC is less important it was better off somewhere else. It does make money. The unit reported $1.1 billion of revenue in the first half of the year, up 11 per cent  from the same period of 2015, and operating income of $182 million, a 391 per cent jump. Chris Young will be CEO of the new company. He said as standalone company supported by these two partners, we will be in an even greater position of strength, committed to being the best provider the cybersecurity industry has ever seen. Intel said it still plans to collaborate with McAfee to add security features across its product lines. Dusting off the McAfee name explains why Intel was not so keen to give the brand back to its colourful founder, John McAfee earlier this week.     Tags: intel, McAfee Search for: Recent Articles Apple finally releases cure for touch disease The fruity tax-dodging cargo cult also known as Apple has finally released a cure for “a problem” in[...] Three was hacked One of Blighty's biggest mobile phone companies, Three, has been hacked and its customer upgrade dat[...] Telcos likely to have supreme power over Google After all its years being in bed with the Obama administration, the search engine Google might sudde[...] Germany mulls fining Facebook over hate speech Germany's Justice Minister thinks that the social notworking site Facebook should be treated like a [...] Too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley Donald Trump’s top advisor claims that there are too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley, in a state[...] © 2016 TechEye.
null
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage Sergey Nivens - Fotolia Intel to raise $3.1bn by spinning off security business Warwick Ashford Security Editor Ending what many saw as an uncomfortable marriage, Intel is to spin off its security business as a standalone pure-play cyber security company This Article Covers Cybercrime RELATED TOPICS Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Intel Security sale finalized, McAfee brand ... – SearchSecurity Risk & Repeat: Breaking down the Intel Security sale – SearchSecurity McAfee acquisitions: What could Intel get? – SearchSecurity Latest News Three breach highlights several security issues, says (ISC)2 Nestlé picks Telefónica to build IoT for coffee machines Case study: Elekta turns to workforce analytics to inform board decisions View All News Latest Blog Posts Microsoft Connect () 2016, a tour of developer keynote noteworthies – CW Developer Network Maritime network connectivity - all at sea? – Quocirca Insights View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: Financial Conduct Authority concerned about cyber security of banks Coca-Cola cloud project bottles rewards for 25,000 staff Cloud backup saves data after fire destroys school Download Current Issue Chip maker Intel is partnering with global investment firm TPG to spin off its security business to form the one of the world’s largest dedicated information security firms, valued at $4.2bn. Download this free guide Your exclusive guide to CIO trends A collection of our most popular articles for IT leaders from the first few months of 2016, including: - Corporate giants recruit digitally-minded outsiders to drive transformation - Analytics platforms to drive strategy in 2016 - Next generation: The changing role of IT leaders. Start Download Intel will receive $3.1bn in cash and retain a 49% stake in the new business, to be known as McAfee and led by Intel Security chief Chris Young and his existing management team. The move comes five years after Intel completed its $7.7bn acquisition of McAfee and just two years after rebranding it as Intel Security. Intel justified the acquisition by outlining plans to push security to every device through building a baseline security capability into every chip. But those plans have not come to fruition, and some of the key executives at Intel who led the acquisition and championed the concept of hardware-based security have since left the company. Intel has also since been forced to restructure to focus on datacentres for the cloud industry and mobile and wearable technology in the face of the global slowdown in PC shipments. In Intel’s 2016 first-quarter financial results, the security group was one of its best performers, with revenue of $537m, up 5% on the previous quarter and up 12% year-over-year. This made the division ripe for selling, and the deal with TPG will give Intel a financial boost, in addition to the $750m it is seeking to save in 2016 by cutting 12,000 jobs. Read more about Intel Despite growth in Intel’s key datacentre and IoT businesses, investors remain concerned by falls in its core PC chip business amid market declines. Intel adds to previous strategic investments in drone technology to bolster its competitive position in the drone chip market. Chipmaker Intel blames the weakening macroeconomic situation – with continued delays in hardware refresh cycles – in its datacentre business forecast revision. Computer chip maker Intel posts stronger than expected third-quarter financial results, indicating a recovery from the effects of the economic downturn. TPG announced it is making a $1.1bn equity investment in the business to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business. In a statement, Intel and TPG said they would work together to position McAfee as a strong independent company with access to significant financial, operational and technology resources. “With the new investment from TPG and continued strategic backing of Intel, the new entity is expected to capitalise on significant global growth opportunities through greater focus and targeted investment,” the statement said. In 2015, Intel Security unveiled a new strategy focused on endpoint devices and cloud as security control points, as well as actionable threat intelligence, analytics and orchestration, which the company said would enable customers to detect and respond to more threats faster and with fewer resources. “Security remains important in everything we do at Intel” Brian Krzanich, Intel “Security remains important in everything we do at Intel, and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices,” said Intel CEO Brian Krzanich.  “As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee’s customers, partners and employees and Intel’s shareholders. Intel will continue our collaboration with McAfee as we offer safe and secure products to our customers.” Jim Coulter, co-founder and co-CEO of TPG, said he was confident McAfee would thrive as an independent company. “With TPG’s investment and continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector” Jim Coulter, TPG “With TPG’s investment and continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector,” he said. The CEO of the new company, Chris Young, said in an open letter that as a company supported by these two partners, McAfee will be in a position of strength. “With this move, we will create the ideal company structure to position McAfee for enhanced focus, innovation and growth,” he said. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Zine Counting the cost of financial cyber crime E-Zine The march of the robot workers E-Zine CW ASEAN: SMEs present security weakness Read more on Hackers and cybercrime prevention All News In Depth Opinion Photo Stories Videos One million cyber attacks on UK retailers forecast for Christmas Business needs AI defence against AI attacks, says Darktrace Amber Rudd orders Lauri Love extradition to US to face hacking charges Financial Conduct Authority concerned about cyber security of banks Load More View All One million cyber attacks on UK retailers forecast for Christmas Business needs AI defence against AI attacks, says Darktrace Amber Rudd orders Lauri Love extradition to US to face hacking charges National Cyber Security Centre to trial cyber defence initiatives on government Load More View All News The cyber threats lurking within every company Lauri Love: the student accused of hacking the US European law enforcement seeking smart ways to fight cyber crime Cost-effective managed IPS for small businesses Load More View All In Depth New cyber security strategy changes relationship between government and IT suppliers Security Think Tank: Phishing: protect, educate and limit damage Security Think Tank: Awareness and incident response key to fighting evasive malware Security Think Tank: Business should assess where to use AI to sniff out smart malware Load More View All Opinion The Cyber Security Challenge UK 2014 One man’s mission to uncover a WWII decryption machine Five DDoS attack tools that you should know about nullcon Delhi 2012: Day 2's action Load More View All Photo Stories UKtech50: Derek Cheng, chief information security officer, Electronic Arts Video interview: Eugene Kaspersky on 2010 cyber threats Video interview: Nikolay Grebennikov on Linux server security Video: Maturing malware - Finjan's threat timeline Load More View All Videos Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Key IT metrics: A CIO guide As technology and the business evolve, so do IT metrics. In this Essential Guide, learn how to navigate KPIs, IT investment and ... Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... SearchSecurity Finding the right security analytics tools for your enterprise See how security analytics tools can work for businesses looking for more from their security software, and what security ... Chinese company caught preinstalling Android spyware on budget devices A Chinese company was found to be preinstalling Android spyware on budget smartphones and collecting phone call and messaging ... DHS and NIST release complementary IoT security guidance New IoT security guidance from government agencies take on different aspects, with DHS tackling the basics and NIST giving a ... SearchNetworking Cisco cloud survey reveals nonstop growth and expansion This week, a Cisco cloud survey digs into the explosive growth of cloud data, Xirrus deploys a new Wave 2 access point and ... Cisco earnings show service providers are not buying The latest Cisco earnings show a drop in overall revenue, as service providers spend less. Cisco blames lower sales on ... Network engineering tools changing as cloud shift pressures profession As more companies examine the cloud, network engineering tools are changing, requiring engineers to rethink and recraft their job... SearchDataCenter Navigate recent changes to data center networking architecture Thanks to hybrid cloud and containers, data center networks are tougher to crack than ever. But IT can succeed if it follows a ... Evolve IT budget planning for software-defined infrastructure During IT budget planning for a software-defined data center, maximize value by accounting for predictable demand spikes, and ... Blade server architecture offers efficiency, but lock-in risks remain For organizations concerned about blade server lock-in, virtualization and cloud offer compelling alternatives with similar ... SearchDataManagement Big data pipeline drives change in Hadoop architecture, development A move to fast data analytics and real-time processing could bring change to the big data pipeline. Microservices are edging into... Data trust gap confronts analytics -- time to open the 'black box' C-suite honchos sign off on analytics tool purchases and then wonder what they've wrought. But data trust can build if ... Following a notion for SQL, architect creates NoSQL data modeling notation Ted Hills, an enterprise architect at LexisNexis and the author of a recent book on NoSQL data modeling, discusses the ins and ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close

null
null
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / M&A Activity / Private Equity Firm TPG, Intel to Form Security JV Under Estimated $4.2B Deal Private Equity Firm TPG, Intel to Form Security JV Under Estimated $4.2B Deal Mary-Louise Hoffman September 8, 2016 M&A Activity, News 2,147 Views Santa Clara, California-based computing chip maker Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) will spin off the company’s security business into a new joint venture with investment firm TPG through an estimated $4.2 billion multi-step transaction. Intel said Wednesday it will own 49 percent of the JV to be called “McAfee” and receive $3.1 billion cash while TPG will own the remaining 51 percent and invest $1.1 billion in the entity under the agreement. The companies expect to close the deal in the second quarter of 2017. Intel’s security unit, which generated $1.1 billion in revenue during the first half of 2016, employs more than 7,500 professionals and markets a software platform designed to secure approximately 400,000 computer threats a day. The business implemented a new strategy last year to refocus on endpoint and cloud security control points, actionable threat intelligence, orchestration and analytics in a push to help customers respond to threats faster. Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s security arm, will serve as CEO of the future independent company McAfee. “With TPG’s investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector,” said Jim Coulter, co-founder and co-CEO of TPG. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said the company will continue efforts to integrate security and privacy technologies into its products as well as collaborate with McAfee to offer new platforms to customers. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags brian krzanich Chris Young cybersecurity featured govcon Intel Intel Security investment Jim Coulter joint venture McAfee TPG Related Articles State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Check Also Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract Ensco has won a potential six-year, $145 million contract to perform systems engineering and integration efforts … Army Picks 3 Companies for $75M Horizontal Construction Services Contract AECOM (NYSE: ACM), Granite Construction and Kiewit Infrastructure West have won a $75 million shared contract for horizontal construction … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector November 18, 2016 CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,041 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,534 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,397 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,438 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,139 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments @Follow Me CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit https://t.co/SWCrIKMUC1 #cae #canada2 hours ago .@StateDept clears potential $21B F-15 sale to Qatar #GovCon https://t.co/Ko5OV5E9n14 hours ago .@StateDept OKs $10B sale of @Boeing $BA Super Hornet, @northropgrumman $NOC, @Raytheon $RTN tools to Kuwait #GovCon https://t.co/nTGtzF6GqJ4 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Fiona Murphy, Frontend.com Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge Women paid 20pc less than men in Ireland, according to study The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn GDPR is coming, but CFOs are blind to potential financial nightmare Big data country: Ireland among top European locations for investment Unlocked Android smartphones secretly send your data to China Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign Taskee named overall winner at Startup Weekend Dublin Phorest’s Ronan Perceval: ‘Start-ups should be under less pressure to sell’ Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era Margaret Hamilton and Grace Hopper awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom Cheap, foldable bicycle helmet wins international James Dyson Award 4 women making waves in the world of IoT What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars Irishman’s soft robotics exosuit wins major tech award Google wants to make AI smarter with your bad doodles Andy Caddy: IoT should start with a map of the customer journey How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 10 pieces of advice from science graduates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? 10 female founders who have turned science into a business How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Ray Nolan’s XSellco to create 40 new jobs 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world MetLife to open new global tech campus in Galway creating 200 jobs Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male Yet another Samsung phone has exploded, and it isn’t the Note7 Dust off your old photo album, Google wants to digitise it Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: More offers become available Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first ALL How can innovative smart materials improve battery life? Smart-farming demo at Tyndall Technology Days 2016 Breaking the internship stereotype at AOL, one project at a time Ireland is positioning itself for an influx of IoT companies Electrochemical energy storage making life easier and safer Materials science is revolutionising today’s medicine ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Intel to spin out McAfee cybersecurity unit in $4.2bn deal by John Kennedy 8 Sep 201613 Shares Intel is spinning out its McAfee cybersecurity arm in a deal that values it at $4.2bn Having acquired security software player McAfee for $7.6bn six years ago, Intel is now spinning the company out in a deal that values it at $4.2bn. As part of the deal, Intel is selling its 51pc majority stake in the company to private equity firm TPG for $3.1bn. TPG will make a $1.1bn equity investment in the company, which will operate independently from Intel, to drive its growth. The transaction values McAfee at $4.2bn, including debt. ‘We have the right strategy and product portfolio to stay ahead of the adversaries who undermine our digital world’ – CHRIS YOUNG, CEO, MCAFEE The move reflects the transformation of the tech industry, and of Intel itself, in the years since the original acquisition – PC sales have shrunk, data has moved to the cloud, and devices like smartphones and tablet computers are omnipresent. Intel changes direction In the past year, Intel itself has changed gear, embarking on a major restructure that saw it cut 12,000 jobs – or 11pc of its entire workforce – and shift focus in the direction of chips for cloud data centres and the internet of things. Part of this new direction may be witnessed in Intel’s acquisition this week of Irish chip company Movidius, which brings deep learning and machine vision to computing in a deal reportedly worth $300m. Intel will retain a 49pc stake in McAfee, while TPG will own the remaining 51pc. The new CEO of McAfee will be Chris Young, the current general manager of Intel Security. Young said that the company, which employs 7,500 cybersecurity professionals, will aim to lead the security industry. “We have the right strategy and product portfolio to stay ahead of the adversaries who undermine our digital world. “We employ the most talented people, steadfast to being our customers’ preferred security partner. And, with this move, we will create the ideal company structure to position McAfee for enhanced focus, innovation and growth. “In the end, McAfee will emerge in a position of greater strength, still fully committed to being the best provider in the cybersecurity industry worldwide,” Young said. McAfee image via Shutterstock Related: M&As, software, infosec, McAfee, funding and investment, Intel Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Fleetmatics’ juggernaut of a deal proves the power of Irish software 2 Aug 2016265 Shares Hiring Now Be part of a globally successful team Help develop the future of sales and trading A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Start-ups Barricade’s David Coallier: ‘There’s no easy way to build a start-up’ 20 Jul 2016316 Shares Business Weekend takeaway: News Feed is 10, but no joy of text for the Irish 9 Sep 201611 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Oracle buys the original cloud player NetSuite for $9.3bn in cash 29 Jul 201641 Shares Jobs Intel report finds global cybersecurity talent shortage 28 Jul 201638 Shares Enterprise Europol and security giants to combat rise in ransomware 25 Jul 20168 Shares Latest News Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ 15 minutes ago Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there 2 hours ago How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension 4 hours ago How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job 5 hours ago The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite 5 hours ago Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 5 hours ago Black Friday deals: More offers become available 6 hours ago Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased 6 hours ago Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive 7 hours ago Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet 7 hours ago ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic 8 hours ago That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m 8 hours ago Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era 9 hours ago Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched 9 hours ago Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! 9 hours ago Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge 9 hours ago US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory 10 hours ago Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ 1 day ago 4 women making waves in the world of IoT 1 day ago What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe 1 day ago Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars 1 day ago NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign 1 day ago Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn 1 day ago 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  Ultraportable Laptops  »  Review Review: Razer Blade Stealth by  Bennett Ring  |  Thursday 8 September 2016  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 55 "We really do love this laptop, especially considering it’s $400 cheaper than the Macbook." Price Razer Blade Stealth QHD 128G $1549 AUD Razer Blade Stealth QHD 256GB $1849 AUD Razer Blade Stealth 4K 256GB $2149 AUD Razer Blade Stealth 4K 512GB $2449 AUD > Pricing info Specs 12.5 inch screen (QHD or 4K), 802.11ac, Intel Core i5-6500U, 8GB DDR4 Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Razer’s first non-gaming laptop is a real winner. This is the first ever laptop released by Razer that isn’t intended for gamers. There’s no discrete GPU, instead relying upon Intel’s integrated HD Graphics 520, which is basically only good enough for Candy Crush. No, Razer is intending this ultrabook to go head-to-head with the likes of Apple’s Macbook and Dells XPS 13… and it’s done a bloody good job in the process. This thing is absolutely tiny. For a 12.5-inch form factor ultrabook, the thickness of just 13.1mm is minuscule. In fact, it’s identical to the Macbook, which is 13.1mm at its thinnest point. It’s also incredibly light, at just 1.25kg. This isn’t quite as lightweight as the Macbook, which is a mere 900 grams, but the Stealth definitely feels like a sturdier build. Besides, 1.25 kilograms is easy to lug around all day without getting tired. The chassis appears to be a unibody aluminium design, and it feels like it can easily handle the roughest of days on the road. It’s got a beautiful matte black finish, so won’t get covered in fingerprints like certain other ultrabooks. Easily the most noticeable feature is the glorious screen. There are actually two different screen options; QHD at 2560 x 1440 and 4K at 3840 x 2160. We had the QHD version and it’s absolutely stunning – colours pop out of the screen and the brightness and contrast are simply remarkable. Razer claims this screen covers 70% of the Adobe RGB spectrum, whereas the 4K screen covers 100%. To be honest, we think 4K is overkill on a screen of this size, as the QHD looked perfect already. If there is one issue with the screen, it’s the glossy finish. While using it to watch movies while waiting in an airport lounge, it felt more like a mirror than a screen, making it quite hard to see what was going on. We’d love if it Razer offered a matte version, or at least a matte sticker you could apply over the screen. Oh, it’s also a multi-touch screen – winning!  The next thing you’ll notice is Razer’s crazy per-key RGB lighting. To be frank, I’m not a fan of this, and couldn’t figure out how to stop it changing to all the colours of the rainbow, but I’m sure it’d be easy enough once I’d logged into the Razer software – but to do so you have to register a Razer with your email, a slight annoyance. When it comes to hardware, this thing blows the competition out of the water. The Intel i5-6500U is a beast. It’s got four cores with a top speed of 3.6GHz, which is probably why it’s got a relatively high TDP of 65W. It’s been known to throttle at relatively low speeds, which may account for our not-so-great PCMark 8 Work Convention score of 2506, around 300 points lower than the Dell XPS 13. Still, we were using it in the hot, humid environment of Taipei, so performance will probably be better in cooler regions. Several storage options are available, depending on which display you buy. The QHD comes with either a 128GB or 256GB PCIe SSD, while the 4K version comes with either a 256GB or 512GB PCIe SSD. It would have been nice to see the 512GB option in the QHD model.  8GB of dual channel memory is included, along with two USB 3.0 ports. Best of all is the Thunderbolt 3 (USB 3) port, which makes this laptop compatible with the Razer Core, an external GPU housing that turns this laptop into a fully-fledged gaming machine.  We really do love this laptop, especially considering it’s $400 cheaper than the Macbook. Razer’s first non-gaming laptop is an absolute winner, and our new favourite Ultrabook of choice. Related Reviews Review: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 Review: Dell Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 delivers quality over battery Review: HP EliteBook Folio G1 - great looks, terrible battery life Review: Dell Latitude 13 7370 Review: HP ZBook Studio G3 Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  laptop  |  razer  |  razer blade stealth  |  review  |  slim   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016     How should we teach our kids to use digital media?     Are hackers playing the fame game?     Project Alpha Omega     Gallery: Corsair Lapdog unboxed   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Ultraportable Laptops (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 delivers quality over battery << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft soups up the Surface Book with i7 processor and 16 hours of battery << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (5 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Latitude 13 7370 << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus lifts the lid on three stylish new laptops << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Dell XPS 13 refresh gets classy with rose gold finish << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Apple MacBook (2016) << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Is Apple about to kill the headphone jack — again? << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus VivoBook Pro N552VW << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Ultraportable Laptops News Microsoft soups up the Surface Book with i7 processor and 16 hours of battery Review Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Feature Hands-on Preview: Lenovo YOGA 3 Pro Group Test Group test: seven Ultrabooks compared and rated Gallery LG's Q1, Q2 2014 releases A-list Product Razer Blade Stealth QHD From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 8 September 2016 | MYT 2:30 PM Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG Misfire: The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. — Reuters Intel Corp said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1bil (RM12.56bil) in cash.  TPG will own 51% of the new entity, valuing the entire company at US$4.2bil (RM17.02bil) including debt.  Intel, which bought McAfee for US$7.7bil (RM31.21bil) in 2011, will retain a 49% stake in the business.  The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans.  Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business.  At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential.  The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017.  McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name.  Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company.  Intel Security's revenue rose 11% to US$1.1bil (RM4.45bil) through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement.  TPG, which is making a US$1.1bil (RM4.45bil) equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said.  TPG also led a US$120mil (RM486.51mil) investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a US$100mil (RM405.44mil) funding round in Internet security firm Zscaler. — Reuters You May Be Interested Sign your name digitally in iOS Mail US is concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn German minister says Facebook should be treated as a media company Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Focus on water management Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away advertisement Latest News US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Toyota sharpens focus on electric cars through new in-house unit Most Viewed in Tech Hotlink Fast: Get 17GB of data with the new Internet pass Sign your name digitally in iOS Mail Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Toyota sharpens focus on electric cars through new in-house unit Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Airbnb, San Francisco must work harder to resolve lawsuit: judge US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, November 19, 2016 12:32 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Haze MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Intel to spin off cybersecurity unit McAfee Thursday September 8, 2016 01:58 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Must-visit destinations in 2017 The Edit: Killers release Christmas compilation Secret hero’s burial for Marcos draws street protests Trump taps Sessions for AG, Pompeo for CIA, insider says Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The move comes six years after Intel announced the acquisition of McAfee. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, Sept 8 — US tech giant Intel announced plans yesterday to spin off its cybersecurity operations as an independent company under the name McAfee. The move comes six years after Intel announced the acquisition of McAfee, one of the leading antivirus software companies at the time. An Intel statement said the spinoff would be made with the investment group TPG, which would own 51 per cent of McAfee, leaving Intel with 49 per cent and valuing the group at US$4.2 billion (RM17 billion). Intel chief Brian Krzanich said in a statement that “security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” The new group will be one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity companies, and frees Intel to focus on new priorities such as wearables and other connected devices. “We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG’s investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector,” said Jim Coulter, co-founder and co-chief executive of TPG. Chris Young, who heads the unit, will be CEO of the new company. Intel announced the US$7.68 billion deal for McAfee in 2010 and closed the deal in 2011. The group is no longer affiliated with founder John McAfee, who was a fugitive from authorities in Central America and more recently made a run for the US presidency. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Facebook fake news writer on how he possibly influenced the US election How Twitter, Instagram and Facebook are stepping up measures to fight online abuse (VIDEO) Pushing the limits of science at the first Cyborg Olympics (VIDEO) Soar above the planet’s most spectacular sights with Google Earth VR (VIDEO) Twitter CEO apologises for allowing white supremacist ad Sony’s PS3 celebrates 10-year anniversary WhatsApp joins rivals from Snapchat to WeChat in video calls Facebook accidentally declares some users dead, including founder Zuckerberg Tinder launches transgender-inclusive update, allowing users to select personalised gender identity (VIDEO) Best smartphones for holiday 2016 Most Watched Now Week Britney Spears, TInashe get down for a ‘Slumber Party’ (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) A Tribe Called Quest spit fire in ‘We the People’ (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Bloomberg Video: Resurrecting Jaguar’s legendary XKSS supercar Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Reuters Video: Thailand sinks boats to tackle illegal fishing Related Articles China passes controversial cybersecurity law Canada ‘very concerned’ about Russian hacking Singapore funds S$10m kitty to beef up cybersecurity in Asean Search hazard: Amy Schumer tops McAfee’s 2016 ‘Most Dangerous Celebrities’ list McAfee antivirus pioneer fights Intel over who owns his name Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe TPG to Buy Intel’s McAfee Security Unit in $4.2 Billion Deal Devin Banerjee devinbanerjee September 7, 2016 — 4:23 PM EDT Updated on September 7, 2016 — 6:29 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Why Is Intel Spinning Out McAfee Security Unit? Intel selling business as chipmaker focuses on data centers Buyout firm TPG to invest $1.1 billion for 51% equity stake Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp TPG, the alternative-asset manager that oversees $70 billion, agreed to acquire a majority stake in Intel Corp.’s computer-security unit in a deal that values the business at $4.2 billion including debt. TPG will own 51 percent of the company, known as McAfee, while Intel will have a 49 percent stake in the spin-out, according to a statement Wednesday. The company will be led by Chief Executive Officer Chris Young, currently a senior vice president at Intel and general manager of its security unit. Intel is offloading the anti-virus software unit as part of a strategy to focus on its more profitable data-center business. The Santa Clara, California-based chipmaker acquired McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products. The business had $1.1 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, an 11 percent increase from the same period last year, Intel said in the statement. Operating income more than quadrupled to $182 million. Intel had also been talking to other potential suitors, including buyout firms and corporate suitors, people familiar with the matter said last week, naming TPG as a likely bidder. “We have long identified the cyber-security sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyber attacks, as one of the most important areas in technology,” Bryan Taylor, a partner at TPG, which has its main offices in San Francisco and Fort Worth, Texas, said in the statement. “We see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly strategic platform that is growing consistently.” Equity Investment Watch Next: John McAfee: Our New Products Catch Hackers in Seconds John McAfee: Our New Products Catch Hackers in Seconds TPG, led by co-CEOs Jim Coulter and Jon Winkelried, will invest $1.1 billion in the transaction, valuing McAfee’s equity at $2.2 billion, according to the statement. The company has net debt of about $2 billion, which Intel will finance for three to five months after the deal is completed. The companies expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of 2017. After acquiring McAfee, Intel struggled to grow the unit and integrate it with its bread-and-butter chips business. Some private equity firms that spoke with Intel about potentially acquiring the division were wary about its growth rate and their ability to cut costs further than Intel had, the people with knowledge of the discussions said last week. The security business was started by John McAfee in 1987 and has sold anti-virus software to companies and individuals. It was renamed Intel Security in 2014. John McAfee is suing Intel for the right to use his name in his new ventures. He leads MGT Capital Investments Inc., which he wants to rename John McAfee Global Technologies Inc. “Intel should wait to see whether they have any right to use my name,” McAfee said in a text message Wednesday after the deal with TPG was announced. TPG will make the investment from its TPG Partners VII fund, which finished gathering $10.5 billion in May. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Tech Intel Corp John D McAfee Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Automotive BMW and Baidu’s self-driving car partnership has reportedly run out of gas Lyft wants more explicit protection of consumer data from NHTSA on self-driving Tesla Model S P100D to get a 2.4-second 0-60 mph time via an Easter egg Browse more... SicDrone Jaguar Land Rover Land Rover’s lead engineer explains autonomous off-road driving Jaguar partners with Tile to make sure drivers never leave without their wallets Jaguar Land Rover launches InMotion, a startup studio to build mobility apps and services Browse more... OEMs and startups: The incubator at Jaguar Land Rover HQ Posted Sep 6, 2016 by Kristen Hall-Geisler (@kristenhg) 0 SHARES Next Story Lost in translation: Streaming in China The first question you might have when learning that Jaguar Land Rover has its technology headquarters in Portland, OR, is, “Why?” There’s an easy answer for that question, said Rupert Poole, Senior Collaborations Manager of Future Technology at the facility in Portland. JLR, as it’s known, already had a relationship with Intel, and Intel is located in a Portland suburb. There’s also a thriving startup culture in Portland, and it’s not hard to travel up and down the West Coast to other tech hubs. The first JLR facility in Portland, the Open Software Technology Center, opened in July 2014. The nearby JLR Tech Incubator opened six months later and a third building next door to the incubator, the collaborative lab, is undergoing renovations to create space for test chambers and vehicle bays. I got to tour all three — including the very much not-yet-completed lab. While about a hundred JLR engineers are working on infotainment and connectivity tech to be tested in simulators and eventually introduced into Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles, a handful of startups are down the street developing new technology that may or may not end up being used by the British automaker. All engineers, whether they’re JLR employees or startups, have access to collaborative brainstorming spaces — with walls you can write on and buckets of LEGOs. The incubator hosts 12 startups each year for six-month periods. “We found that three months is too short,” says Danielle Alexander, the manager of the incubator. The teams get access to space, funding, tools and equipment — including Jaguars and Land Rovers — partnerships, mentors and engineering and technology expertise from the JLR staff. Like other OEMs that want to work with startups, the JLR Incubator is looking for small teams that have more agility and speed than a century-old automotive manufacturer. It’s also looking for technologies that dovetail with automotive needs rather than overlap, such as augmented reality, connected car, human-machine interface (HMI) and data visualization technologies. When I visited the facility, I met with the half-dozen startups currently in residence. One, Carfit, is developing a technology directly applicable to the auto industry. Its small, puck-shaped devices attach to the steering wheel and monitor all of its shakes, wobbles and corrections. In the same way that (some) drivers can tell the car is out of alignment or the shocks need replacing, Carfit analyzes the information from the steering wheel and sends the diagnosis to an app. But not every startup in the incubator has such a direct relationship to the automotive industry. Take Neptune, which is developing a streaming, curated video service for kid-friendly, interactive, educational content. In a connected car, kids could pick and choose and stream at will without the parent in the driver’s seat needing to monitor their every choice. Or SicDrone, a drone that can pivot its rotors for maneuverability or remain stable while flying in wind. This could come in handy when scouting for emergency response or to looking ahead at an uncharted off-road course — something Land Rover drivers have been known to take. “Infotainment and connectivity are the only parts of a car where consumer expectations are set against other technologies,” Poole said. “All other expectations are set versus automotive technology.” By bringing the cutting edge of connectivity into the incubator, where startups work with the local engineers and have access to 10,000 JLR engineers worldwide, a decades-old company gets access to the latest innovations. Featured Image: Kristen Hall-Geisler 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Land Rover USA Founded 1948 Overview Land Rover USA manufactures luxury SUVs and off-road vehicles. Its portfolio of four-wheel-drive vehicle models includes Defender, Discovery, Freelander, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Range Rover Evoque. Land Rover USA is based in Mahwah, New Jersey. It is the American branch of Land Rover, a British automobile company founded in 1948. Location Mahwah, NJ Categories Automotive Website http://www.landroverusa.com/index.html Full profile for Land Rover USA Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes SicDrone Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 37 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 2 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Pokémon Sun and Moon break 3DS records with 10M units shipped globally 12 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 21 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Seen enough? Here’s how to get the SEC’s attention 23 minutes ago | Connie Loizos Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 37 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Comment moderation powered by Up Next Lost in translation: Streaming in China Posted Sep 6, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 2 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 51 minutes ago by Matthew Lynley Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 8 hours ago by Jon Russell 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 50 minutes ago by Matthew Lynley How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 22 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Thu Sep 8, 2016 | 8:59am IST Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG A worker arranges an Intel logo at the CeBIT trade fair, the world's biggest computer and software fair, in Hannover March 13, 2016. REUTERS/Nigel Treblin/Files Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru, Joseph Menn in San Francisco and Liana Baker in New York.; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Alan Crosby) Next In Technology News U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn MOSCOW The U.S. government said on Friday it was deeply concerned over Russia's decision to block public access to networking site LinkedIn, saying it created a precedent that could be used to justify blocking other sites operating in Russia. Hedge in the cloud: funds outsourcing computing power step into unknown LONDON Tucked into the attic of a Georgian building in London's West End, seven people run a $200 million hedge fund following artificial intelligence formulas. But the supercomputers that process their complex algorithms are nowhere to be seen. Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO SAN FRANCISCO Snap Inc, the red-hot messaging company, is seen by many tech investors as the next Facebook or Google, but its youthful founders are pushing far more aggressively than its predecessors in moving from scrappy startup to public company. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Security   /   Intel Sells Majority Stake in Cyber-Security Business       Intel Sells Majority Stake in Cyber-Security Business     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-09-07 Print               Private equity firm TPG will take a 51 percent stake and Intel will keep a 49 percent share in a security company that will adopt the McAfee name.   Intel is spinning out its cyber-security software business in a partnership with private equity firm TPG—the latest move by the top-tier tech vendor to remake itself in an industry undergoing rapid change. Intel officials said Sept. 7 that the chip maker and TPG will create a new, independent company based on its Intel Security unit in a deal worth about $4.2 billion, a far cry from the $7.6 billion Intel paid for the McAfee security software company in 2010. TPG will own 51 percent of the business and Intel 49 percent, and the private equity firm will put another $1.1 billion into the new company to help accelerate growth. Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager of the Intel Security Group, will become CEO of the new company, which will adopt the McAfee name. Intel officials in 2014 pushed the McAfee brand into the background, renaming the business Intel Security. The announcement confirmed the speculation over the last several months that Intel was interested in shedding the cyber-security software unit, which has been viewed as a disappointment for the chip maker since the acquisition six years ago. Intel officials at the time said buying a security software vendor would enable the company to build better security features into its processors and better protect PCs, servers and other systems from attack. The security unit has done well financially. In the last quarter it generated $537 million in revenue, a 10 percent increase over the same period in 2015, and through the first half of the year, revenue grew 11 percent to $1.1 billion, officials said. Operating income hit $182 million—a 391 percent gain—and bookings increased 7 percent yearly between 2013 and 2015. Still, the business never followed through on the promise that company executives had hoped for. At the same time, under CEO Brian Krzanich, Intel executives over the past year have been working to restructure the company to address emerging markets including the internet of things (IoT), drones, virtual reality (VR) and the cloud, while at the same time growing the data center business and reducing its reliance on the contracting global PC space. Part of the restructuring includes 12,000 job cuts. In a letter posted on the Intel website, Young told customers that they "will benefit from a focused, agile and independent provider further committed to protecting you, recognizing that you require simplicity in your security environment as much as you do effectiveness. With McAfee, you will get a proven player with a leading portfolio—focusing on endpoint and cloud as security control points, combined with actionable threat intelligence, analytics and orchestration—allowing you to detect and respond to more threats and with fewer resources." According to Young, the Intel Security Group protects more than 250 million endpoints, counts almost two-thirds of the world's largest 2,000 companies as customers, defends more than 200 million consumers and detects more than 400,000 new threats each day. Group officials last year unveiled a strategy shift in which the company was moving away from selling point security products and instead would focus on building out a platform approach that would better address that changing threat landscape. Officials got rid of some technologies—including mobile device management, firewalls and email—enhanced others and created new products such as the Data Exchange Layer (DXL), which enables instant communication and collaboration among disparate security technologies from multiple vendors, and Endpoint Security 10, for device security. Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST SECURITY ARTICLES   PoisonTap Tool Lets Hackers Take Over Locked Computers With USB Stick Mozilla Introduces Firefox Focus Browser for IOS Privacy IBM Opens New Global Headquarters for Security Services IoT Devices Evolving Rapidly as Favorite DDoS Attack Tool, Experts Say Dell Data Protection Defends Against External, Insider Threats                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 8 September 2016 | MYT 9:35 AM Breakfast briefing: Thursday, September 8 MarketWrap: US stocks ended little-changed on Wednesday, though the Nasdaq eked out another record high close, as investors assessed the outlook for US interest rates.- Reuters The DJIA was down 11.98 points, or 0.06%, to 18,526.14, the S&P 500 lost 0.33 points, or 0.02%, to 2,186.15 and the Nasdaq added 8.02 points, or 0.15%, to 5,283.93, a record high close. Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.17% to 4.0533 per US$ *It was 0.29% higher at 4.5653 per euro *Up 0.66% to 5.4097 to the pound sterling *Up 0.27% to 3.0096 per Singapore dollar *0.13% higher to 3.1120 per Aussie *Up 0.21% to 3.9822 per 100 yen Energy Oil prices rose 1.5% on Wednesday as the market focused on the possibility that the world's top producers would agree on an output freeze. Trade was choppy as some traders eyed US oil inventory data due late Wednesday and Thursday morning for clearer direction. Brent futures rose 72 cents to settle at US$47.98 a barrel after trading between US$46.97 and US$48.10. - Reuters Top foreign stories Tesla gets US$300m lease credit line from Deutsche Bank: Tesla Motors Inc said on Wednesday it had entered into an agreement with Deutsche Bank whereby the electric car maker can borrow up to US$300 million for its vehicle leasing programme, part of a broader effort to bolster the company's finances. - Reuters HP Enterprise in US$8.8b deal with Micro Focus for software assets: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co will spin off and merge its non-core software assets with Britain's Micro Focus International Plc in a deal worth US$8.8 billion, the companies said on Wednesday. - Reuters Japan second-quarter GDP growth revised up slightly, momentum weak: Japan's economic growth over April-June was faster than initially estimated, the Cabinet Office said on Thursday, with upward revisions to capital expenditure and inventories, but weak demand at home and overseas is seen weighing on growth this quarter. The economy grew at a 0.7% annualised rate, up from the preliminary reading of 0.2%growth. - Reuters Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG: Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51% of the new entity, valuing the entire company at US$4.2 billion including debt. Intel will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. - StarBiz Sony unveils new versions of PlayStation 4: Sony Interactive Entertainment, a division of Sony Corp, unveiled on Wednesday two new versions of its PlayStation 4 Console in an effort to help Sony maintain its sales lead over Microsoft Corp and Nintendo Co Ltd. - Reuters Top local stories Wah Seong signs RM2.7b contract with Nord Stream 2: Oil and gas services firm Wah Seong Corp Bhd has finalised an earlier agreement with Nord Stream 2 AG and signed a 600 million euros (RM2.726bil) contract to provide pipe coating services to the Swiss firm. This order would lift Wah Seong’s outstanding order-book to about RM3.5bil, the company said. - StarBiz Divided views on further rate cut: Opinions are divided as to whether Bank Negara will go ahead and make another interest-rate cut before the end of the year. The central bank’s monetary policy committee maintained the benchmark overnight policy rate on Wednesday at 3%, in line with analysts’ expectations. - StarBiz L&G sees better property market next year: Land and General Bhd (L&G), whose niche is in high-rise property development, expects the property market to recover next year. Managing director Low Gay Teck said despite the slowdown, it would go ahead with RM1.67bil worth of property launches since the projects were located in prime areas. Mobikom increases stake in Webe: Telekom Malaysia Bhd unit Mobikom Sdn Bhd has subscribed to RM495mil convertible medium-term notes of Webe Digital Sdn Bhd, allowing the company to further boost its shareholding to 82%. - StarBiz Century Logistics to get new shareholder?: South Korea’s CJ Logistics, which is looking to expand in Asean, is close to buying into Century Logistics Holdings Bhd, sources say.  CJ is said to be buying a block of shares of the integrated logistics service provider from its major shareholders. - StarBiz NWP wins RM744mil ‘aspirational home’ projects: Timber products maker NWP Holdings Bhd has entered into a turnkey agreement for housing projects under Syarikat Perumahan Negara Bhd and Perbadanan PR1MA Malaysia with an estimated gross development value of RM744mil. The contract encompasses six projects consisting of 3,855 units of houses and apartments. - StarBiz Report: 1MDB no impact on economy: Investors remain confident of the Malaysia’s economy despite the political and economic fallout from the 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB) crisis. A political risk consultancy, Global Risk Insights, said in a report dated Sept 6 that the country’s economy had been “remarkably resilient” despite 1MDB dominating recent headlines. - StarBiz Bioalpha plans to raise funds for new products: Health supplements producer Bioalpha Holdings Bhd plans to raise RM28mil via a renounceable rights issue to launch new products in the company’s three principal markets of Malaysia, Indonesia and China. - StarBiz AmInvest’s move into unconventional Reits pays off: AmInvest’s diversification into non-conventional real estate investment trusts (REITs), with assets such as childcare centres, energy, healthcare, large scale logistics and data centres, has paid off with the investments showing good growth. - StarBiz Eversendai finalising refinancing of outstanding sukuk: Construction firm Eversendai Corp Bhd is finalising the refinancing of outstanding obligations on the company’s RM500mil sukuk programme, said RAM Rating Services Bhd. It said the company has obtained the sukuk holders’ nod to complete this exercise by the end of next month. - StarBiz July exports down more than expected: Malaysia’s July exports declined more than expected on a slump in electrical and electronic (E&E) exports and a drop in shipments to China. Exports slumped 5.3% year-on-year to RM59.9bil while imports fell 4.8% to RM57.9bil. - StarBiz Sunsuria to get RM59mil from put option: Property developer Sunsuria Bhd will receive total cash proceeds of RM59.38mil after exercising a put option entered earlier. - StarBiz Honda Malaysia expects  at sales growth due to challenges: Honda Malaysia Sdn Bhd, the No. 1 non-national car company in Malaysia in terms of total industry volume, expects flat sales growth this year due to the challenging economic outlook. Managing director and CEO Katsuto Hayashi said the company had targeted sales of 90,000 units for this year – the same level the company recorded last year. - StarBiz Berjaya Food Q1 net profit at RM5mil: Berjaya Food Bhd’s net profit for the first quarter fell by 18.1% year-on-year to RM5mil mainly due to the depreciation of the ringgit impacting profit margins of Starbucks and lower contribution from Kenny Rogers Roasters’ operation in Malaysia. Revenues increased to RM141.4mil from RM132.4mil a year ago. - StarBiz Zenith picks up BUCG’s stake in consortium: Consortium Zenith BUCG Sdn Bhd (CZBUCG) has decided not to look for a new shareholder to replace Beijing Urban Construction Group Co Ltd (BUCG) in the RM6.3 billion Penang undersea tunnel and road project as Zenith Construction Sdn Bhd — the largest shareholder of CZBUCG, with a 95% equity interest — will pick up the 1% stake BUCG will drop. - Edge FD EA Holdings eyes turnaround in FY17: Software solutions provider EA Holdings Bhd is confident of a turnaround in the current financial year ending March 31, 2017 (FY17) with an expected revenue of RM60 million compared with RM35.9 million the year before. - Edge FD Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing You May Be Interested Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Infantino proposes radical Club World Cup shake-up Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away Property Related advertisement Latest News Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year ECB chief Draghi hints at more stimulus to come Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Most Viewed in Business Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Ringgit continues slide Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Prince Alwaleed sees Saudi currency depeg as last resort MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub SC appoints Gumuri as AOB executive chairman Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple iPhone Qualcomm Apple created extra versions of the iPhone 7 in order to make room for an Intel chip That’s because Intel’s modem, unlike the one from rival Qualcomm, doesn’t support Sprint and Verizon. by Ina Fried Sep 9, 2016, 2:30pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Apple Included in the fine print with the iPhone 7 is the fact that consumers who buy the AT&T and T-Mobile version of the new phone are getting a version that doesn’t fully work with Sprint or Verizon. That’s a bit of a head-scratcher, given that with the iPhone 6s, Apple had one model that worked across all U.S. carriers. Even though most consumers don’t change carriers during the life of the phone, why would Apple seemingly take a step backward in terms of flexibility and simplicity? The reason has everything to do with the way the company does business. Apple loves to have more than one supplier of any key component. And while it designs the iPhone’s A10 processor (and that chip’s predecessors), it has long relied on Qualcomm exclusively for the iPhone’s modem chip. Exclusivity gives a supplier more leverage, and Apple likes to bargain from a position of strength. So there has been talk for a while now that, with the iPhone 7, Apple was going to split the modem business between Qualcomm and Intel. But Intel’s latest modem chip doesn’t support the old CDMA standard still used by Sprint and Verizon. By creating a separate version for Sprint and Verizon, Apple is able to use Qualcomm exclusively on that model while using chips from both Intel and Qualcomm for the GSM model used by AT&T and T-Mobile as well as many carriers in other parts of the world. Sources familiar with the situation as well as outsiders agree that the modem diversification effort is the likely reason for the separate phone versions. Apple and Intel declined to comment on the matter, and a Qualcomm representative was not immediately available for comment. While having separate models is a win for both Intel and Apple’s effort to gain more power over its suppliers, it’s a modest loss for customers, who now have to make a technological commitment to a carrier even in a world where many are no longer signing long-term financial contracts. As noted above, though, it’s a flexibility that few consumers take advantage of. The vast majority of people who change carriers do so at the same time they get a new phone. There are often switcher deals that make it more financially attractive to do so, and it’s just the way most people think about their cellphone service. For those who really want maximum flexibility, Apple offers the Apple Upgrade Program through its stores. With that program, you finance your phone over two years, but have the option to upgrade phones and change carriers each year. recode_divider In this Storystream All about the iPhone 7 What the iPhone 7 reveals about Apple’s augmented-reality plans Apple created extra versions of the iPhone 7 in order to make room for an Intel chip Apple’s iPhone upgrade program: How to turn your 6s into a 7 View all 13 stories More From Recode DraftKings and FanDuel used to hate each other. What happened? DraftKings and FanDuel are (officially) merging Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly Full transcript: Recode’s April Glaser talks drones on Too Embarrassed to Ask Recode Daily: Fake Facebook news is a danger to democracy, says Obama Do 'productivity hacks' really help you get stuff done? Trending Musicians fighting Spotify are ‘so f-cking dumb,’ music industry pundit Bob Lefsetz says Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly If the Tesla and SolarCity merger goes through, Elon Musk will be a step closer to creating a solar-powered car More in Trending This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Media Mergers and Acquisitions Sports DraftKings and FanDuel used to hate each other. What happened? by Kurt Wagner A shared enemy happened. Mergers and Acquisitions Sports DraftKings and FanDuel are (officially) merging by Kurt Wagner Barring any regulatory issues, of course. Broadband Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly by Peter Kafka Chet Kanojia takes Recode behind the scenes of his new startup. Podcasts Drones Too Embarrassed to Ask Full transcript: Recode’s April Glaser talks drones on Too Embarrassed to Ask by Recode Staff Recode answers your questions about how high, where and when you can fly your drone. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple iPhone Qualcomm Apple created extra versions of the iPhone 7 in order to make room for an Intel chip That’s because Intel’s modem, unlike the one from rival Qualcomm, doesn’t support Sprint and Verizon. by Ina Fried Sep 9, 2016, 2:30pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Apple Included in the fine print with the iPhone 7 is the fact that consumers who buy the AT&T and T-Mobile version of the new phone are getting a version that doesn’t fully work with Sprint or Verizon. That’s a bit of a head-scratcher, given that with the iPhone 6s, Apple had one model that worked across all U.S. carriers. Even though most consumers don’t change carriers during the life of the phone, why would Apple seemingly take a step backward in terms of flexibility and simplicity? The reason has everything to do with the way the company does business. Apple loves to have more than one supplier of any key component. And while it designs the iPhone’s A10 processor (and that chip’s predecessors), it has long relied on Qualcomm exclusively for the iPhone’s modem chip. Exclusivity gives a supplier more leverage, and Apple likes to bargain from a position of strength. So there has been talk for a while now that, with the iPhone 7, Apple was going to split the modem business between Qualcomm and Intel. But Intel’s latest modem chip doesn’t support the old CDMA standard still used by Sprint and Verizon. By creating a separate version for Sprint and Verizon, Apple is able to use Qualcomm exclusively on that model while using chips from both Intel and Qualcomm for the GSM model used by AT&T and T-Mobile as well as many carriers in other parts of the world. Sources familiar with the situation as well as outsiders agree that the modem diversification effort is the likely reason for the separate phone versions. Apple and Intel declined to comment on the matter, and a Qualcomm representative was not immediately available for comment. While having separate models is a win for both Intel and Apple’s effort to gain more power over its suppliers, it’s a modest loss for customers, who now have to make a technological commitment to a carrier even in a world where many are no longer signing long-term financial contracts. As noted above, though, it’s a flexibility that few consumers take advantage of. The vast majority of people who change carriers do so at the same time they get a new phone. There are often switcher deals that make it more financially attractive to do so, and it’s just the way most people think about their cellphone service. For those who really want maximum flexibility, Apple offers the Apple Upgrade Program through its stores. With that program, you finance your phone over two years, but have the option to upgrade phones and change carriers each year. recode_divider In this Storystream All about the iPhone 7 What the iPhone 7 reveals about Apple’s augmented-reality plans Apple created extra versions of the iPhone 7 in order to make room for an Intel chip Apple’s iPhone upgrade program: How to turn your 6s into a 7 View all 13 stories More From Recode DraftKings and FanDuel used to hate each other. What happened? DraftKings and FanDuel are (officially) merging Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly Full transcript: Recode’s April Glaser talks drones on Too Embarrassed to Ask Recode Daily: Fake Facebook news is a danger to democracy, says Obama Do 'productivity hacks' really help you get stuff done? Trending Musicians fighting Spotify are ‘so f-cking dumb,’ music industry pundit Bob Lefsetz says Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly If the Tesla and SolarCity merger goes through, Elon Musk will be a step closer to creating a solar-powered car More in Trending This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Media Mergers and Acquisitions Sports DraftKings and FanDuel used to hate each other. What happened? by Kurt Wagner A shared enemy happened. Mergers and Acquisitions Sports DraftKings and FanDuel are (officially) merging by Kurt Wagner Barring any regulatory issues, of course. Broadband Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly by Peter Kafka Chet Kanojia takes Recode behind the scenes of his new startup. Podcasts Drones Too Embarrassed to Ask Full transcript: Recode’s April Glaser talks drones on Too Embarrassed to Ask by Recode Staff Recode answers your questions about how high, where and when you can fly your drone. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Friday November 18 2016 3:57 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stock indexes notch modest losses September 09, 2016, 05:00 AM By Alex Veiga The Associated A slide in technology and consumer-focused companies helped pull U.S. stock indexes modestly lower Thursday, offsetting strong energy sector gains. A broad swath of retailers, from department stores to fast-food chains, also notched losses, while most of the big gainers were oil production and drilling companies. They got a boost from a report indicating fuel stockpiles fell precipitously last week. The price of U.S. crude also jumped on the report, and closed nearly 5 percent higher. U.S. bond yields also surged, as traders reacted to the European Central Bank’s decision to leave its key interest rates unchanged and hold off on extending a stimulus program. Still, in the absence of any major new economic data, the stock indexes continued a recent pattern of mostly sluggish trading. “It’s been many, many days since we’ve had a substantive move either to the upside or the downside in the market,” said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank. “It still feels like a holiday week.” The Dow Jones industrial average lost 46.23 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,479.91. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slid 4.86 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.30. The sell-off in technology stocks weighed on the Nasdaq composite index, which fell 24.44 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,259.48. The tech-heavy index set all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. Apple slid 2.6 percent a day after the consumer electronics giant introduced its newest slate of products, including a new iPhone that doesn’t come with an analog headphone jack. The stock shed $2.84 to $105.52. Investors also got a dash of tech sector deal news. Hewlett Packard Enterprise agreed to spin off part of its business software unit to Micro Focus in a deal valued at $8.8 billion. The pact calls for HP Enterprise to remain majority owner of the new company. Shares in HP Enterprise slid 71 cents, or 3.2 percent, to $21.38. Separately, Intel said it will spin its cybersecurity business into a new company called McAfee for $3.1 billion in cash. Private equity firm TPG will invest $1.1 billion in the new company and own a majority stake. Intel slipped 2 cents to $36.44. All told, technology stocks were the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, shedding 0.9 percent. The sector is up 9.1 percent this year. “The tech sector has been strong and outside of today continues to be strong,” said Willie Delwiche, an investment strategist at Baird. Investors hammered retailers Tractor Supply and Pier 1 Imports. Tractor Supply slumped 16.9 percent after the farming and hardware goods retailer said its business is being hurt by poor economic conditions in rural, energy-producing areas where it does most of its business, and other factors. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500 index, shedding $14.15 to $69.38. Pier 1 Imports tumbled 15 percent after the home decor retailer gave weak quarterly guidance and said its president and CEO will leave the company at the end of the year. The stock slid 72 cents to $4.08. Several oil drilling and production companies rose on the latest oil stockpiles figures, pushing the S&P 500’s energy sector 1.7 percent higher. The sector is up 17.4 percent this year. Chesapeake Energy rose 93 cents, or 13.7 percent, to $7.74, the biggest gainer in the S&P 500 index. Diamond Offshore Drilling gained $1.43, or 9 percent, to $17.40. Murphy Oil climbed $1.90, or 6.8 percent, to $29.75. Traders also bid up crude oil prices. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $2.12, or 4.7 percent, to close at $47.62 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $2.01, or 4.2 percent, to $49.99 in London. The news out of the European Central Bank helped ease demand for U.S. bonds, driving their prices lower and pushing yields higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 1.60 percent from 1.54 percent late Wednesday. “They’re not adding more stimulus, and that maybe makes people feel less like they need to pile into U.S. bonds,” said Delwiche. At a news conference, ECB President Mario Draghi seemed relatively confident about the economy and less inclined to hint at more stimulus than some analysts had expected. He urged governments to do their part. Despite Draghi’s more confident tone, the ECB will have to take more stimulus action at its October or December meetings, analysts said. News of the ECB’s decisions weighed on most of Europe’s major stock indexes. Germany’s DAX fell 0.7 percent, while France’s CAC-40 declined 0.3 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier, some markets in Asia closed higher following a report showing that imports rose in China last month for the first time since late 2014, while a contraction in exports narrowed. The Hang Seng index in Hong Kong gained 0.8 percent. Seoul’s Kospi added 0.1 percent, while India’s Sensex rose 0.3 percent to 29,006.18. Japan’s Nikkei 225 index fell 0.3 percent. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 7 cents, or 5.2 percent, to $1.42 a gallon. Heating oil added 6 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $1.48 a gallon. Natural gas rose 13 cents, or 4.9 percent, to $2.81 per 1,000 cubic feet. Among metals, gold slid $7.60 to $1,341.60 an ounce, while silver fell 17 cents to $19.68 an ounce. Copper held steady at $2.10 a pound. In currency markets, the dollar strengthened to 102.49 yen from 101.75 on Wednesday. The euro climbed to $1.1257 from $1.1245.     Tags: percent, cents, index, sector, stock, while, Other stories from today: Stock indexes notch modest losses Wells Fargo fined $185 million for improper account openings Credit card sensation: The hottest new plastic is metal     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Now that commercial crab season is open, do you plan to buy some? Yes, looking forward to it Already in line Soon Still worried about domoic acid Pass                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County crime  
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Tech Oracle Times By Bob Skelley |Follow Opinion Microsoft's not so dirty little Windows 10 secret Windows 10 is slick on 10-year-old hardware Computerworld | Sep 9, 2016 7:13 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Upgrading to Windows 10 and questioning <i>The New York Times</i> A bug fix bake-off Your step-by-step guide to repairing Windows 10 Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles The 2006 HP Compaq Dc7700 with venerable Core 2 Duo processor looking up at me from the far end of the work bench was going to be my next Linux OS load victim. Problem is, it’s easier to take an existing 32-bit load of Windows 10 and upgrade to the 64-bit version. I do want to get back to Linux. Lubuntu is going to be one distro I will consider trying on older PCs. But there are a couple of problems with any Linux distro on vintage machines: USB Wi-Fi adapter support is not nearly as great as for Windows 10 boxes, and; Available graphics resolutions are typically a crapshoot (with minimal choices); I need more than 1024 x 768 out of the box, even on aged desktops. The performance of Windows 10 on older PCs continues to impress. If an Intel box is running Windows 7, it’ll, generally speaking, run Windows 10, although I advise boosting ram if at all possible. You pretty much can’t go wrong with the Microsoft upgrade process. Redmond will inform you if the PC doesn’t make the cut upon attempting installation. The 32-bit version of the Windows 10 OS residing on the HP Dc7700 was an update from Windows 8.1, and prior to that, Windows 7. Updates work OK, but there’s nothing like nuking and paving for a fresh start that restores the PC to optimal performance. Erasing the hard drive is the only path from Windows 10 32-bit to 64. In this instance, it was a no-brainer to back up anything important and begin the reformat and OS install. I did take the base install of 2GB of memory and increase it to 4GB before starting. The machine can take 8GB, but 4GB is adequate for this project. Like a load of some form of Linux on this box, I anticipated Windows 10 64-bit graphics being equally limited with respect to the base display resolutions the built-in Intel graphics could provide running this OS. Sure enough, the display resolution that greeted me at first boot after install was the inadequate 1024 x 768 variety -- and that was the most advanced option available. No problem, I thought, maybe I could find some updated graphics drivers at HP’s site. I give HP a lot of credit for maintaining an active repository of drivers and things like BIOS updates for machines of this vintage. But I’m a realist. I didn’t know how far beyond Windows XP support the repository would go. I fully expected it to tap out not much beyond XP. And I was correct. Windows 7 Professional 32-bit is the end of the road in terms of HP's Windows operating system support for this PC. But I needed 64-bit Windows 10 Support. What’s an old geek to do? Lower his expectations. Clicking the drop down menu for OS support and scrolling down further revealed drivers for Windows Vista Business 64-bit. Voila! Or so I thought. After downloading and installing Intel Graphics Driver for Microsoft Windows Vista (64-bit Editions) (International), and attempting to install I was greeted with: “This version is incompatible with this operating system.” I tried running as Administrator and the installer went a bit further before booting me out with the same message. I thought “some” of the install may have been completed, however, so I rebooted. I went to the desktop, right clicked and checked available resolutions. I had over a dozen new choices available for selection. The HP desktop with a fresh load of Windows 10 Pro 64-bit was working great. The 3rd party after-market USB Wi-Fi adapter that Linux never recognized worked out of the box on this machine. The graphics were fine, now, too. Microsoft’s Windows 10 has succeeded in a big way. Its adoption rate is way up. Part of the reason is it doesn’t hurt that Windows 10 supports very old machines with minimal tweaking. Some form of 64-bit Linux may yet find its way back to this vintage PC. With Windows 10 Pro 64-bit running capably, though, the Tech Oracle doesn’t envision that happening any time soon. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Hardware Windows PCs Microsoft Windows 10 Bob Skelley is a published writer and editor who has had a love affair with technology for over two decades. He says, "Software and hardware are like two family members to me -- really." To learn more about Bob and read more of his writing, visit his blog, "Hitting the Sweet Spot, by Bob Skelley," at BobSkelley.com. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Three Mistakes IT Makes That Could Cost Your Organization Millions Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

null
facebook tweet rss Home CONSOLE PC CHEATS/GUIDES MOBILE TECH MOVIES/TV VIDEOS Apple AirPods Release Date, News & Updates: Online Stores List Earbuds Availability Before 2016 Ends Apple App Store News & Updates: Great App Store Purge Removes 47,300 Old & Broken Apps; More to Follow ‘Red Dwarf’ News & Updates: Secret Level Arriving In 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' LEGO Dimensions Story Pack ‘Stranger in a Strange Land’ Air Date, Cast, News & Updates: SyFy Adapts Classic Sci-Fi Book Into TV Series See More XBOX PLAYSTATION NINTENDO 'Hastune Miku Project Diva Future Tone': Localization in the West in PS4 Consoles & Release this 2017! 'Watch Dogs 2' Latest News & Updates: New Video Busts Some Of The Game's Myths! 'Legend of Zelda' Latest News & Update: Nintendo Is Creating A Completely Unique Type Of Gaming Experience 'Sony PlayStation 4 Pro' Latest News & Update: Ways On How To Select The Correct TV Specs For Pro Console See More 'Fallout Shelter' Latest News & Updates: New Thanksgiving Patch Released, Find Out More Here! 'Watch Dogs 2' Latest News & Updates: New Video Busts Some Of The Game's Myths! Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Date, News & Update: Upcoming Hybrid Device Arriving With Windows, Android Variants? Other Specs & Features Revealed! 'Nvidia GeForce 1080 Ti' Release Date, Latest News & Update: Final Piece of Pascal Puzzle Technology? Price, Specs Revealed See More ‘The Sims 4’ City Living DLC Latest News, Release Date & Update: San Myshuno Sculptures Revealed; Rabbit Hole & Diet Bug Discussed ‘Civilization 6’ Cheats, Tips & Tricks: Master These Five Gameplay Elements to Easily Dominate the Game! More Gameplay Details, Amazing Hacks Revealed 'Overwatch' Sombra Latest Tips, News & Update: A Guide On How To Maximize Sombra's Abilities & Ult 'Dishonored 2' Cheats, Tips & Tricks: How To Win? Upgrade Powers Early, Defeat AI & Using Bonecharms! More Features, Gameplay Details Revealed See More iOS ANDROID APPS ACCESSORIES/CASES Apple AirPods Release Date, News & Updates: Online Stores List Earbuds Availability Before 2016 Ends 'Fallout Shelter' Latest News & Updates: New Thanksgiving Patch Released, Find Out More Here! 'Firefox Focus', Latest News & Updates: Private Browser For Iphone ; Hides Users From Advertisers; Faster Web Browsing? 'Samsung S7 Edge' , News & Updates: Samsung Note 7 Flagship Down, Will Samsung S7 Edge Raise The Bars To Compete With LG v20? See More TECH Apple AirPods Release Date, News & Updates: Online Stores List Earbuds Availability Before 2016 Ends Apple App Store News & Updates: Great App Store Purge Removes 47,300 Old & Broken Apps; More to Follow iPad Mini 5 Release Date, Specs, Features, News & Update: Apple Confirms March 2017 Launch? Super Processor, New iOS 11, Better Camera? iPhone 8 Release Date, News & Update: Apple & Samsung Working Together for OLED Touch-Screen Panels? Amazing Specs & Features Details Revealed! See More ‘Red Dwarf’ News & Updates: Secret Level Arriving In 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' LEGO Dimensions Story Pack ‘Stranger in a Strange Land’ Air Date, Cast, News & Updates: SyFy Adapts Classic Sci-Fi Book Into TV Series ‘Gotham’ Season 3 Episode 10 Spoilers: Nygma Blames Tabs & Butch For Isabella’s Death; Bruce Learns More About The Court Of Owls In ‘Time Bomb’ 'Grimm' Season 6 Predictions SPOILERS: Juliette Murdered By Sean Renard? Nick Burkhardt Kills Royal Zauberbiest In Revenge? See More WALKTHROUGHS TRAILERS The #BestDayEver Chappie - Hologram Press Conference - Berlin to Ma... Ecostralis Product London & Partners and The Brooklyn Brothers launch... See More Microsoft 'ReCore' System Requirement: To Xbox One, Windows 10 in Sept 13; Preorder, Pricing Sep 09, 2016 02:43 AM EDT | By Regin Olimberio email print Sign Up for GamenGuide's Newsletter and never miss out on our most popular stories. Similar to Microsoft dedicated Halo, ReCore is playable via cross-platform Windows 10 and Xbox Play Anywhere. (Photo: Ian Gavan/Getty Images for Halo by Xbox 360) Microsoft-exclusive video game "ReCore" is hitting the road this Sept 13, plying along the Xbox One and Windows 10 PC roads. From the looks of the game, older PCs will never hit the minimum system requirement of this eye-candy. Starting with just the minimum requirement, ReCore can be played on PCs with at least core i5-4460 Intel processors. This means that AMD FX-6300 with 2.7GHz can accommodate the game too. Either AMD Radeon R7 and Nvidia GeForce GTX 660 can qualify on the low limits of video cards. Considering that most older PCs are running with 4GB of RAM, there is a need to double this to 8GB for ReCore though. Now for the recommended system requirement, a 3.9GHz Intel Core i5 is highly-desirable. Only the video card comes steep for since 4GB is preferred. ReCore will land with AMD Radeon R9 in this category while Nvidia GeForce GTX 970 is another excellent choice. RAM will exponentially scale up under the recommended line because Microsoft pins at 16GB, according to PC Gamer. Ironically, PC gamers looking at these specs and respective prices will toy with the idea of purchasing an Xbox One instead. It is now a cramming call to decide whether to go with Windows 10 for flexibility or a dedicated Xbox One. Additional depth about ReCore's system requirements is provided on the Official Website store of Windows. At any rate, the consolidating factor about ReCore is being a cross-platform game. Achievements and game saves can be retrieved with Xbox One and Windows 10 PC vice-versa. Also, there is a good compromise about game controllers. Xbox One controller is suggested but cheaper option is to use keyboard and mouse that are Windows-compatible. To reiterate, ReCore will invade the shelves this Tuesday, Sept 13 for Xbox One and Windows 10 platforms. Buy preorder for either PC or console at $39.99 and you get both platforms for no add-on charge. This is possible because ReCore is part of Xbox Play Anywhere titles. TagsReCore, ReCore news and updates, ReCore system requirement, ReCore release, Microsoft, Microsoft PC, Windows 10, Xbox One Related Articles Zayn Malik, Gigi Hadid Split: Kendall Jenner’s BFF Dumped One Direction Singer ... ‘High School Musical 4’ Release Date, News & Update: Zac Efron, Vanessa Hudg ... ‘Frozen 2’ Release Date, News & Update: Lesbian Anna Plays New Villain, Figh ... Michael Schumacher Latest News & Update: Formula One Legend Responding but Not Y ... Ian Somerhalder, Nikki Reed Divorce: ‘The Vampire Diaries’ Season 8 Actor Be ... Get the Most Popular Gamenguide Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 Game & Guide All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Join the Conversation Share on GamenGuide.com facebook tweet rss Subscribe to our newsletter Please provide a valid email address Most Popular ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Release Date, News & Update: ‘The Survival’ Rolls Out On Xbox One & Windows PC, Details Here! ‘Pokemon Go’ Latest News & Updates: Which Pocket Monster Spawns Are Likely To Increase In December? Diablo III Latest News and Updates: Original Diablo Game Coming This January for Diablo III; How to Access Test Version 'Harry Potter Go' Release Date, News & Update: Niantic Will Have Early Release In 2017? Fans Starts Online Petition 'Mass Effect: Andromenda' Release Date, News & Update: Bioware Showcases The New Species In the Game; Could Ship An Early Release In 2017 2016 Boston Major Tournament Latest News & Updates: The DOTA 2 Qualified Teams Face Off For Summit 6 Sam Raimi: “The Last Of Us” Adaptation Has Hit Yet Another Speed Bump PlayStation Plus Latest News & Update: Predictions For December 2016 Free Games; Includes 'Gravity Rush 2'? ‘Minecraft’ Exploration Latest News and Update: Treasure Maps and Llamas Added on Game; Features and Expansion Overview 'Minecraft: The Movie" Release Date, News & Update: 'Anchorman' Steve Carell Has Been Cast? WIll It Be Inspired By 'The Story Mode' Version? © 2016 GAMENGUIDE All rights reserved. About  |  Contact Us  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Notice  |  Advertise with us
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel Business Intel pulls out hard cash to gobble virtual CPU upstart Soft Machines Chipzilla's silicon acquisition spree continues with a $250m deal Softly spoken ... SMI president Mohammad Abdallah 9 Sep 2016 at 07:39, Chris Williams Chris Williams Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Arm, Apple, Intel, Microsoft Recent Articles Today the web was broken by countless hacked devices – your 60-second summary AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Intel stock falls on glum Q4 Exclusive Intel is in the process of acquiring Soft Machines Inc, a Santa Clara-based chip designer, according to two people familiar with the matter. Soft Machines' claim to fame is its VISC processor architecture – that's Variable Instruction Set Computing. VISC processors contain a bunch of physical cores that are presented to software as virtual cores. Two or more physical cores can be joined together to act as a single virtual CPU. Those virtual cores execute x86 and 32-bit and 64-bit ARMv8 code via a translation layer that converts the instructions into RISC-like VISC instructions. A load-balancing frontend assigns physical cores to virtual CPUs executing virtual hardware threads. This assignment is dynamic and changes depending on the application running; if a particularly wide core is needed, then so be it. This is supposed to bring performance benefits. Virtual insanity ... Soft Machine's VISC design Soft Machines taped out a 500MHz 28nm prototype in 2014, and late last year had a 16nm test chip fabricated. The biz was planning to show off a 2GHz 2W 16nm FinFET system-on-chip codenamed Mojave, featuring its Shasta core design, this year. Mojave was going to have two physical cores that map to one or two virtual cores. Future SoCs were promised with more physical CPUs. Below is a video of CTO and president Mohammad Abdallah describing the technology at a Linley Processor Conference two years ago: Youtube video Over the past 12 months or so, Intel has been negotiating purchasing Soft Machines for roughly $250m, a source close to the talks told The Register. We're told a deal has been done, and it's not particularly good news for investors who have so far poured at least $200m in funding into the biz since it was founded in 2006. It was hoped Soft Machines would become a Silicon Valley unicorn – a billion-dollar startup, in other words – but its VISC designs have not performed as well as was promised, thus denting the organization's value, it is claimed. Besides Intel, other suitors included Chinese businesses hoping to form a joint venture with Soft Machines, we're told. Chipzilla is on a mild acquisition spree at the moment, gobbling up Movidius and Nervana over the summer. A spokeswoman for Intel declined to comment. No one was willing to talk at Soft Machines, either. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 11 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
/ IoT Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Web Dev Let's be friends: Collecting iBeacon Data With Couchbase and Raspberry Pi IoT Devices This example application shows using Raspberry Pi with an iBeacon to collect presence data, then routing it to Couchbase for analytics. by Nic Raboy · Sep. 09, 16 · IoT Zone Like (2) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Access the survey results 'State of Industrial Internet Application Development' to learn about latest challenges, trends and opportunities with Industrial IoT, brought to you in partnership with GE Digital. Not too long ago I wrote about using Couchbase to synchronize data on an Intel IoT Gateway device. In this project, I was creating a Java application that was installed to an IoT device that had Bluetooth and wireless Internet available. This application would scan for iBeacons and sync the data with a remote server and between devices. Since having designed that prototype, I decided to take it to the next level and create a summer project from it. Above is the visual end result of the summer project that I've been working on. Let me break down the scope of what this project accomplishes. While the Intel IoT Gateway is cool, it isn't as popular as say, the Raspberry Pi. I went and purchased two Raspberry Pi 3 devices that have embedded wireless and Bluetooth. The goal here was to plant these Raspberry Pi units at various locations around the office. I also purchased five Gimbal iBeacons to distribute to a few people around the office. It was my intention to record the movement of these staff members as they navigate the office throughout the day. This is demonstrated through the dashboard in the above picture. The Java application that made use of Couchbase was near identical to that which was used in the previous blog post with a few exceptions.  Instead of using a single document to track the activity of every one beacon, a new document was created for every activity. With this, I removed the need to pull data from Couchbase Server, only save and push. The other difference is that a custom Couchbase Lite SDK had to be used that supported the ARM architecture of a Raspberry Pi. While the Raspberry Pi was using a Java application to communicate with Couchbase Lite, the dashboard for viewing activity actually used Node.js and AngularJS.  With N1QL queries, the data was aggregated and used in the charting in the UI. The full source code to this project can be found on GitHub.  It includes the dashboard as well as the code for Raspberry Pi. The IoT Zone is brought to you in partnership with GE Digital.  Discover how IoT developers are using Predix to disrupt traditional industrial development models. Topics: couchbase,raspberry pi Like (2) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Nic Raboy, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. IoT Partner Resources Hear from the Predix Developer Community GE Digital 2016: State of Industrial Internet Application Development GE Digital How Industrial IoT Works GE Digital The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
NUMA-aware scheduler for Go NUMA-aware scheduler for Go Dmitry Vyukov, dvyukov@ Sep 2014 Abstract With the advent of Intel QPI and AMD HT technologies even commodity SMP servers become NUMA. As core counts continue to grow, this trend will continue as well. When per-package computational power will reach a threshold, even a single package will require multiple memory lanes effectively becoming NUMA (see e.g. Tile-Gx72 processors). Temporal and spatial locality of computations with respect to data becomes exceedingly important in such world. Go misses the bus. The goal of this document is to propose a general infrastructure that allows to do NUMA/cache-aware scheduling and computation/data migration; describe a set of signals that the scheduler can use and a set of simple policies that look like a clear win. Once we implement it and gather more information, the signals and policies most likely will need to be refined and tuned. Reference Target Machine Let's consider a typical machine with 4 Processors and 4 Memory packages: Latency between P0 <-> MEM0 is minimal; latency between P0 <-> MEM1 and P0 <-> MEM2 is larger; latency between P0 <-> MEM3 is even larger. This Non-Uniform Memory Architecture (NUMA) dictates need for spatial locality. And each processor is: Caches store recently accesses data and are much faster than memory. Caches dictate need for temporal locality. Note than caches alleviate NUMA effect, as remote data in local cache is fast. Current Architecture The main concepts in Go runtime are: M - OS thread (Machine). P - Logical CPU (Processor), there are exactly GOMAXPROCS P's. G - Goroutine. Netpoll - network poller (epoll descriptor). RunQ - scheduler queue with runnable G's. MHeap - global memory allocator state (contains central caches and free spans). MCache - per-P memory allocator cache. GC - garbage collector. Current system architecture can be depicted as follows: Runtime does not try hard to ensure any locality, resources like P's and M's are pooled. Runtime is not aware of system topology. MCache is tied to P, and this provides some locality. But then P is not tied to M, so this locality is easily destroyable. New G's are generally submitted to the local RunQ, but once again P is not tied to M. When an M returns from a syscall quickly, it tries to re-acquire the same P it used before the syscall. Proposed Architecture In short: global resources (MHeap, global RunQ and pool of M's) are partitioned between NUMA nodes; netpoll and timers become distributed per-P. In order to get the most benefit we need to ensure affinity throughout the stack: core <-> M <-> P <-> G and Memory. If one of the levels does not work, benefits significantly diminish. Let's consider different subsystems in detail. Memory allocator Heap is partitioned between NUMA nodes. When a P needs another span, it allocates it [preferably] from the node's MHeap. This ensures that we always allocate local memory. MCache is attached to P as now. But this time we have P <-> M affinity, so MCache affinity propagates all way down to processor cache. GC bitmap also needs to be partitioned. Once we grab a new 64K block from OS, we map 4K of bitmap on the current NUMA node as well. This ensures that malloc always work with bitmap in local memory. GC GC allocates worker threads on all NUMA nodes. A GC thread scans stacks of goroutines with stacks allocated on the current node. This ensures that accesses to the stack are local. Also there are chances that such goroutines run on this node and thus allocated heap objects on this node as well. Consequently, transitive heap references are local with high probability. GC has per-node queues with to-be-scanned (gray) objects. When a thread is out of local work, it first tries to steal/request work on local node. This ensures that even after dynamic load-balancing some notion of locality is preserved. Sweeping. We have 2 types of sweeping: background (done by a dedicated sweeper goroutine) and on-demand (done by user goroutines). On-demand sweep sweeps spans that the goroutine is about to use; thus locality is automatically ensured by the memory allocator (a goroutine uses local spans). Background sweeping functionality is moved into scheduler (as we don't have means to bind goroutines to NUMA nodes). Once in a while scheduler decides to sweep one of the remaining local spans. There are yet no plans for locality-driven object migration. First, we don't have capability to move objects; second, it's easy to do more harm than good by wasting CPU cycles on data migration. Stacks We have 2 caches for stack segments: per-P and global. Per-P cache is OK as is. The global cache is partitioned per NUMA node. Stack allocation always goes to local per-P cache, then to per-node cache, then to per-node MHeap. If we free a remote stack segment it is freed directly into remote node cache. This is required to ensure that goroutines always start with local stacks. As opposed to heap objects, we are able to move stacks in memory. Also required heuristics seems to be simpler for stacks. For example, if a goroutine is long running (has passed through scheduler enough times) and was scheduled on a remote node (as compared to stack segment node) last N times, we can decide to migrate stack segment to that node. The right time for migration seems to be right before goroutine execution. More data and experiments needed to work out exact policy. Scheduling M's (threads) are hard bound to NUMA nodes, and each node has own pool of idle M's. For M <-> core affinity we rely on OS. Alternative: It is possible to bound M's to exact cores instead of nodes. It would allow us to do smarter scheduling (e.g. steal work from the HT sibling first). But at the same time it is subject to the following negative effect: 2 processes can decide to do work on threads bound to the same core, both will work 2 times slower w/o realizing it. Binding M's to nodes gives OS more flexibility in inter-process contention resolution. Binding of M's to cores would require API similar to SetThreadIdealProcessor (ideally - soft affinity to a core, hard affinity a node), but unfortunately it's unavailable on unixes. P's (logical processors) are strictly partitioned between NUMA nodes. That is, if we want to start a P bound to NODE0, we need to get an M from NODE0 M pool. Each P has own local RunQ as now. Global RunQ and pool of idle G descriptors become partitioned between NUMA nodes. To ensure P <-> M affinity, lastm field is added to P. When runtime wants to start a P it first tries to get p->lastm M to run it. What's left is scheduling policy. Current scheduling policy is very simple: new and unblocked goroutines go to local RunQ; network poller injects work into global queue; work stealing is completely random; GC reshuffles goroutines to balance work. Most likely we stay with "new and unblocked goroutines go to local RunQ" as it's the cheapest strategy. But the rest needs to be changed. First, GC does not reshuffle goroutines, it just leaves them where they are. Then, work stealing prefers stealing from the same node: per-node RunQ -> per-P RunQ's on the same node -> per-node RunQ's of remote nodes -> per-P RunQ's of remote nodes. We don't bind threads to exact cores, so we don't take into account HyperThread siblings and shared caches. Then, scheduling order changes from strict FIFO to mostly LIFO. LIFO is generally much better in cache utilization. But we still need a bare minimum of fairness (ensure that every runnable goroutine is eventually scheduled). To provide fairness each P pops from the other end of local RunQ once in a while. Global RunQ's stay FIFO as locality is not important for them. Then, netpoller and timers are used to migrate stolen goroutines back to "home" P. Consider that a goroutine has registered in netpoller of Pi and then was stolen by Pj. When Pi runs out of work, it first checks local netpoll/timers. If the goroutine becomes runnable, it returns to Pi. If we decide to use a different policy -- prefer to run a goroutine on P where it last run -- we can re-register the goroutine in the necessary netpoller. But still netpoller is used as means to bring a goroutine to the desired P. The latter strategy can actually be preferable as Linux kernel tries to service the network interrupt on the core where the last EAGAIN read on the socket was executed. So most likely the received data is in the cache of the core that last run the goroutine. If we only try to ensure locality, we will end up with situation when all goroutines consider the starting P0 as their home (as all goroutines are rooted in the main goroutine). So besides ensuring locality we also need some mechanism to evenly distribute "root" goroutines (e.g. a new goroutine servicing a new connection) across P's. Assigning each new goroutine to P's round robin is too expensive. There is at least one very good signal: goroutines created by a goroutine that executes syscall.Accept should be considered "root" and distributed round-robin. I don't have any other good signals right now. But we can look at communication patterns or accesses to the same fd by different goroutines and similar things. For example, if a goroutine creates a bunch of new goroutines in quick succession, they may need to be distributed across P's and nodes. Distribution of work may require splitting local RunQ's into two queues: the first is "I would like to do this work myself", which is lock-free single-producer and LIFO; and the second one is "I am ready to share this work with others", which is mutex-protected multi-producer and not necessary LIFO. This separation also gives us some notion of priorities, as the first queue is polled first. Regarding priorities. Network writes should have higher priority than network reads, as it helps to reduce latency and reduces memory consumption (finish old work before accepting new). Similarly, network accepts should have even lower priority than reads (deal with old connections before accepting new ones). Local per-P RunQ's can be used to express these priorities. Namely, goroutines unblocked on network writes are queued at the front of the first RunQ; network reads -- at the end of the first RunQ; network accepts -- queued into the second RunQ. This soft priority scheduling can be used in other contexts as well; e.g. a goroutine unblocked on chan recv can be given a higher priority than a goroutine unblocked on chan send (the idea is that the goroutine unblocked on chan recv will consume the data that the current goroutine has just produced). But such policies require more investigation. Non-NUMA Systems On non-NUMA systems this design mostly reduces to the current design (per-node data effectively becomes global). However, there are several differences: We will [hopefully] get some additional locality with respect to caches (as we try to keep goroutines on the same cores and do LIFO scheduling). We will get partitioned per-code network poller and timers. This should reduce contention on epoll descriptors and timers and improve locality as well. Risks Even this relatively modest affinity scheme has potential to degrade an application performance. Several processes can decide to schedule threads on the same NUMA node. If each process has only one runnable goroutine, the NUMA node will be over-subscribed, while other nodes will be idle. To partially alleviate the problem, we can randomize node numbering within each process. Then the starting NODE0 refers to different physical nodes across [Go] processes. Consider that a program allocates a very large data structure on a single node, and then the data structure is heavily accesses by all goroutines. The memory bus of the node will become a bottleneck, while memory buses of other nodes will be idle. It's known that the so-called "stripped" allocation works better in this case. Published by Google Drive–Report Abuse–Updated automatically every 5 minutes
null
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Is Microsoft set to take a bite out of Apple's iMac? Big screen Surface 'Cardinal' all in one desktop PC to be revealed next month Device will come in three screen sizes with a 21, 24 ,or 27 inch screen Will have a 'modern and elegant' design Microsoft hopes to build on the success of its surface tablet range  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:57 EST, 8 September 2016 | Updated: 17:26 EST, 8 September 2016 e-mail 85 shares 15 View comments Microsoft's Surface tablet has become a hit, with users praising its portability and ability to bring a 'real' computer to a touchscreen. Now, Microsoft hopes it can do the same for desktop PCs. The firm is rumoured to be putting the finishing touches to an all in one desktop PC that will be unveiled next month.  Scroll down for video  Microsoft's Surface brand could soon be extended to an all in one desktop PC codenamed Cardinal. According to ZDnet, it will come in three screen sizes, 21, 24 ,or 27 inch and will have a 'modern and elegant' design. According to Mary Jo Folet at ZDnet, the new device is codenamed Cardinal, and will come in three sizes - with a 21, 24 ,or 27 inch screen.  'I've heard that Surface Cardinal could be positioned as a product that can turn your desk into 'a studio',' she wrote. The device is expected to be unveiled at an also rumoured late October event where the firm's tablets could also get an upgrade. According to Windows Central, it will have a 'modern and elegant' design. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'One small step for a man': Study claims Neil Armstrong's... Do YOU fidget at your desk? Bizarre toy with switches,... Large earthquakes can trigger aftershocks on separate faults... Judging books by their covers: New 'brainwashing' technique... Share this article Share 85 shares The device is expected to be unveiled at an also rumoured late October event where the firm's tablets could also get an upgrade. Microsoft also recently revealed it will launch a mixed reality version of Windows next year. The move will bring a 3D holographic version of the platform to Windows 10 users who own a virtual reality headset. Announcing its plans at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco yesterday, Microsoft said user interface will be available to run on mainstream PCs.  Lenovo already makes a 27inch tablet/PC hybrid, called to Yoga 900 HOW WILL IT WORK?  According to Microsoft, the Holographic shell UI for Windows 10 will enable users to put on a headset to navigate their Windows desktop. It will mix 2D apps such as email and calendars - which could be overlaid onto surfaces with augmented reality - with fully immersive 3D apps, such as a virtual reality tour of a location. The exact look and feel will be dependent on the headset used - where an Oculus Rift style VR headset being fully immersive, while a Holoens style headset enabling AR and mixed reality. Users will be able to select applications using a point and click selector, like a Wii controller.  The new Holographic shell desktop UI will enable users to run Windows 10 through a VR headset hooked up to a standard PC, opening up the experience beyond those with high end gaming machines.  Writing in a blog post, Microsoft's executive vice president for Windows, Terry Myerson, said: 'Next year, we will be releasing an update to Windows 10, which will enable mainstream PCs to run the Windows Holographic shell and associated mixed reality and universal Windows applications. 'The Windows Holographic shell enables an entirely new experience for multi-tasking in mixed reality, blending 2D and 3D apps at the same time, while supporting a broad range of 6 degrees of freedom devices.' Microsoft is working with chip-maker Intel on a specification for mixed reality PCs and head mounted displays, in an effort to open up the market and its platform. Microsoft has announced it will launch a new Holographic shell desktop UI for Windows 10, which will enable users to run Windows through a VR headset hooked up to a standard PC A video demonstrates how the interface will look running at 90 frames per second, triple that of most HD televisions. It shows a woman wearing a headset running a mix of 2D and 3D apps as she checks email, books flights, navigates a diary and takes a virtual tour (pictured) 'Our shared goal is to enable our hardware partners to build a broad range of devices for the mainstream consumer and business markets,' wrote Myerson. A promotional video demonstrates how the interface will look, running at 90 frames per second, triple that of most HD televisions. It shows a woman wearing a headset in a virtual room running a mix of 2D and 3D apps as she checks email, books flights, navigates a diary and takes a virtual tour of the Pantheon in Rome. The virtual dog in Windows holographic shell UI bears a close resemblance to Rover, the assistant character which made appearances in earlier Microsoft software Veteran Windows users will also notice the similarity between the virtual dog and Rover, an assistant character in Microsoft's less than successful Bob software and who later made an appearance in Windows XP. According to Microsoft, using a 'six degrees of freedom' headset, the interface can be manipulated using a point and click Wii-type controller. The headset in the video is unbranded (still pictured) but it could well be the Washington tech giant's mixed reality Hololens, or Facebook's Oculus Rift The headset in the video is unbranded but it could well be the Washington tech giant's mixed reality Hololens, or Facebook's Oculus Rift – which is set to launch in the UK next month – and which runs on Windows 10 devices.  While Hololens began shipping to developers in March at $3,000 a piece, but it remains unclear when a consumer version of the headsets could launch. OCULUS RIFT GETS AN OFFICIAL UK LAUNCH DATE The Oculus RIft has been the most talked about tech for years, with the first developers kits sent out in 2012. The latest official news is that the kit will launch in the UK, Europe and Canada on 20 September, with a price tag of £549 or €699. It's already available in the US priced at $599.  A number of outlets are already taking orders for the headset, including John Lewis, Amazon and Game, and the kit will come with platform game Lucky's Tale, along with hundreds of videos and VR movies. Oculus will be rolling out demo experiences at retailers across the UK in the coming weeks, with titles including: The Climb, Henry, Farlands and Oculus Dreamdeck.  Read more: Windows Holographic experience available for mainstream Windows 10 PCs next year | Windows Experience Blog Microsoft begins taking preorders from developers for the HoloLens | Daily Mail Online Windows Holographic Shell Demo - YouTube Microsoft's Surface all-in-one PC said to headline October hardware launch | ZDNet Microsoft is working on Surface All-in-One PC destined for your living room | Windows Central Share or comment on this article e-mail 85 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Best of friends? A polar bear pats a dog just like a human The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... We're not letting EU go! German finance minister warns that... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Father called 911 to report a quadruple murder-suicide after... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards... New super-Earth is discovered nearby: Exoplanet is found orbiting a star 33 light years away - and there... Controversial surgeon behind world's first human HEAD transplant reveals virtual reality system to help... The 'fog catchers' in the Sahara that can make water out of THIN AIR for hundreds of people Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Chinese tourist town is using facial recognition to allow visitors to enter: System is better than a human... Charge your phone for five hours in FIVE MINUTES: Qualcomm system can power up batteries in record time Now Amazon will even sell you a CAR: Fiat Chrysler teams up with retail giant to sell online at a third of... Can't make the funeral? Catch it online: UK crematorium to live stream services for absent mourners Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't Does YOUR iPhone 6 Plus screen have 'Touch Disease'? Apple is now offering to fix the issue - for a fee Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who... Move over Lewis! Self-driving Roborace car makes its street track debut in Marrakech Are these the oldest dentures in Europe? Gruesome 14th century device was made from the teeth of dead humans MORE HEADLINES Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the international space station as Nasa cuts live feed The North Pole is 36 degrees HOTTER than normal as figures reveal Earth is on track for its warmest year on record Mayan 'nesting doll' pyramid is found in Mexico: 32ft-tall mystery structure is the SECOND to be uncovered inside the Temple of Kukulcan - and there could be more Is alien life EVERYWHERE? Radical theory claims it may have become part of 'the fabric of the universe' Do YOU have bad hair genes? Scientists discover the three mutations that can cause 'uncombable hair syndrome' Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre cosmic radio blasts release an unexplained flash of energy Welcome to Ben Hur's shopping mall: Scientists uncover launderettes, bars, brothels and betting shops at scene of famous Roman chariot race Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards Earth The stunning spherical image that shows a solar eclipse as you've never seen it before EXCLUSIVE: Just in time! Lecturer, 51, claims that Apple Watch saved his life by alerting him to undiagnosed heart condition Boobs or breasts? Translators reveal the challenges of translating the Marquis de Sade’s 120 Days of Sodom Asteroid that killed the dinosaurs may have PUNCTURED the Earth's crust creating 'instant Himalayas' Can YOU outsmart Google's AI? Interactive drawing game tries to guess what you're doodling in 20 seconds Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't Is this the world's YOUNGEST mummy? Scans of what was thought to be a 2,300-year-old hawk reveal it to be a miscarried baby MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B gets 'frustrated' talking about a Spice Girls reunion... and says it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese Prime Minister 810 comments 9 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News About Us Contact Us Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition 82° Scattered Clouds Barrigada, GU (96913) Today Partly to mostly cloudy skies with scattered thunderstorms in the morning. High 88F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 81F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: November 19, 2016 @ 2:54 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Place an Ad Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News TPG to buy Intel's McAfee security unit in $4.2 billion deal By Devin Banerjee | Bloomberg Sep 9, 2016 (…) TPG, the alternative-asset manager that oversees $70 billion, agreed to acquire Intel Corp.'s computer-security unit in a deal that values the business at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel had also been talking to other potential suitors, including buyout firms and corporate suitors, people familiar with the matter said last week, naming TPG as a likely bidder. TPG will own 51 percent of the company, known as McAfee, while Intel will have a 49 percent stake in the spin-out, according to a statement Wednesday. The company will be led by Chief Executive Officer Chris Young, currently a senior vice president at Intel and general manager of its security unit. Intel is offloading the anti-virus software unit as part of a strategy to focus on its more profitable data-center business. The Santa Clara, California-based chipmaker acquired McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products. The business had $1.1 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, an 11 percent increase from the same period last year, Intel said in the statement. Operating income more than quadrupled to $182 million. "We have long identified the cyber-security sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyber attacks, as one of the most important areas in technology," Bryan Taylor, a partner at Fort Worth, Texas-based TPG, said in the statement. "We see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly-strategic platform that is growing consistently." TPG, led by co-CEOs Jim Coulter and Jon Winkelried, will invest $1.1 billion in the transaction, valuing McAfee's equity at $2.2 billion, according to the statement. The company has net debt of about $2 billion, which Intel will finance for three to five months after the deal closes. That's expected to happen in the second quarter of 2017. Online Poll Do you think the U.S. should abolish the Electoral College system? You voted: Yes, one citizen's vote should not be worth more or less than another's because of where they live. No, minorities and voters in smaller states will be under-represented. Vote View Results Back Forum Japanese officials cling to Donald Trump's history as a businessman Stephen Stromberg | The Washington Post 52 min ago TOKYO — President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory has left government officials around the world—including here in Japan—scrambling to make sense of the most uncertain moment in U.S. political history since the election of Ronald Reagan, if not before. They have been hanging on every tweet. Read more • Editorials • Featured Columnists • Letters to the Editor Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Multimedia +6 Multimedia Gallery: Pink Ladies Thanksgiving raffle 7 hrs ago (…) +11 Multimedia Gallery: Guam Parole Board convenes Updated 7 hrs ago (…) Multimedia Mother Dawn Marie speaks to media Updated Nov 16, 2016 (…) Multimedia Video Summary Sea Surface Microlayer Cruise Nov 11, 2016 (…) Multimedia Falkor BROLL - Saanich Glassy Nov 11, 2016 (…) The Sunday Post Click the front page of our latest Sunday Post issue below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Kids Post Click the Kids Post issue below to check out the free e-Edition! e-Edition Supplements Click the front page of our latest Special Supplement below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Female Chamorro competitor is World Master Champion, BJJ Gold Standard Man accused of stealing $2 at Harmon game room Beating victim requests delay in parole decision Man reportedly threatens, spits on police Alleged cockfight brawlers appear in court Kid cook introduces Pacific-island cooking, languages to the world Rev and Tax: Leon Guerrero owes $3.2M Woman accused of breaking into hotel rooms Businessman avoids jail after work undercover 'Toxic environment' Images Videos Submit an Ad If you're interested in submitting a classified ad, click here.Submit Online Features Fashion, Beauty & Fitness advertorial Must-Have Accessories for Cold Weather Updated 9 hrs ago Real Estate advertorial DIY projects to increase the resale value of your home. Brandpoint (BPT) Updated 9 hrs ago Home Improvement advertorial Create grand, open living spaces with unique pocket door frames Brandpoint (BPT) Updated 9 hrs ago Real-time Stocks Sections News The Globe Forum Sports Community Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Site Forms Search Contact Information postguam.com 388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301 Tamuning, Guam 96913 Phone: (671) 649-1924 Email: webmaster@postguam.com Follow Us
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close iPhone 7 Models From AT&T and T-Mobile Do Not Support CDMA Networks Thursday September 8, 2016 11:30 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Choosing which iPhone model to purchase this year should be more carefully considered, as both AT&T and T-Mobile models of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus do not support CDMA networks such as Verizon and Sprint in the United States. Apple confirmed the matter in fine print in the iPhone 7 tech specs and on its LTE page. A customer that purchases an iPhone 7 from Apple's website and selects AT&T as their carrier, for example, would be unable to later use the smartphone on Verizon, Sprint, or any other CDMA network, even if the device is unlocked. By comparison, all iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models worked on both GSM and CDMA networks. A customer that purchases an iPhone 7 from Apple's website and selects Verizon as their carrier, on the other hand, would also be able to use the smartphone on AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, or any other GSM or CDMA network. It was previously reported that Apple would switch to Intel modems for select iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models, including AT&T models, and Intel modems do not support the CDMA standard in the United States. That is likely the reason why AT&T and T-Mobile models are limited to GSM networks. Only Verizon and Sprint models support both GSM and CDMA networks The same report said Qualcomm would supply modems for the remaining iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus units, including Verizon and Chinese models, and this appears to be the case. Qualcomm modems support both the GSM and CDMA standard, which explains why the iPhone 7 from Verizon and Sprint will work on all carriers. Qualcomm, which holds patents for WCDMA and CDMA2000 standards, is the main CDMA modem supplier in the United States. The company developed the first CDMA-based cellular base station in 1990, and since then it has licensed its technology to companies like Apple in return for royalty payments. Until this year, Qualcomm was Apple's exclusive supplier of modems for LTE and Wi-Fi connectivity, which explains why the iPhone 6s and previous generations supported both GSM and CDMA networks regardless of carrier. But with Intel entering the mix, choosing which iPhone to purchase is now more meaningful. All iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models supported both GSM and CDMA networks The lack of CDMA support in iPhones with Intel modems may be short lived, fortunately, as Intel acquired CDMA assets from VIA Telecom in 2015. It is believed that this acquisition could pave the way for Intel to release its first LTE modem with both GSM and CDMA support as early as 2017 or 2018. Ultimately, the most obvious choice should be to purchase a Verizon or Sprint model, even if you are an AT&T or T-Mobile customer, especially when considering resale value. However, some customers may have difficulty purchasing from another carrier, depending on their current status with their existing carrier. Apple should also release an unlocked SIM-free model in the U.S., likely based on the Verizon/Sprint model, in a few weeks based on past launches. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 Tags: Intel, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon, Qualcomm [ 423 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) ssl0408 10 weeks ago This is such crap. Just release one damn phone for all the carriers and stop going back and forth on it. Rating: 32 Votes garirry 10 weeks ago CDMA should no longer exist. It's literally one of the oldest technologies ever, yet companies like Verizon still use them? So goddamn evil. Rating: 27 Votes WeemanWise 10 weeks ago Well that seems like a step backwards, they should have just not used Intel yet. They need to just release one model that has everything for all regions. No more of this carrier/region specific capabilities or features. Just one phone to rule them all. Rating: 11 Votes MacBird 10 weeks ago Will the unlocked phones that Apple sells through the annual upgrade program support both standards? Rating: 7 Votes RedOrchestra 10 weeks ago Glad we don't have this "trickery" in Canada - here, one size fits all. Rating: 6 Votes BruiserB 10 weeks ago Agreed, the obvious choice should be the Verizon or Sprint model so it could be used in any CDMA/GSM network, IF those Verizon or Sprint models are unlocked. Do you know if those come unlocked? i.e. I buy the Verizon or Sprint model and right away in put my T-Mobile chip, will it work? All Verizon phones with LTE are ALWAYS unlocked. It's the safest choice. You may not be able to order online, but go to the Apple Store on launch day and ask for Verizon "Device Only" and you'll get what you want. And yes, it will work straight away just by putting in your T-mobile SIM. Rating: 6 Votes avanpelt 10 weeks ago Really, it's asinine that they're still making different iPhone models that each support unique cellular bands. This is 2016, not 2006. You'd think we would be moving toward having one iPhone that works seamlessly across all carriers around the globe by now. They seemed to be moving toward that direction with the 6 and 6s, and now they're going back the other way. Rating: 6 Votes 1paine1 10 weeks ago CDMA should no longer exist. It's literally one of the oldest technologies ever, yet companies like Verizon still use them? So goddamn evil. CDMA is the reason you have good coverage in rural areas and inside buildings. Old yes, outdated only in Europe! WTF Apple? Rating: 5 Votes randymac09 10 weeks ago Thanks, Macrumors! I was curious which phone to get because I'm going to be switching from Verizon to AT&T after I receive this phone. I appreciate the info. Rating: 5 Votes vjl323 10 weeks ago For those complaining that CDMA needs to go - where I live, CDMA is the *only* game in town. AT&T promised in 2008 that they were 3 months away from giving my area access to GSM. Nope. 8 years later, and my AT&T iPhones and iPads display "No Service". It's a 15 minute drive to get any GSM signal here in rural NC. Yes, in the "bigger" cities like Asheville, you get GSM and CDMA. But this area is quite large here, and the only company that offers any kind of signal what so ever, is Verizon's CDMA network. And there are holes in their coverage too. Driving to Greenville, SC, there is a 25 minute part of the commute that I have neither Verizon nor AT&T signal. CDMA is not dead yet; even if it should be. Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories First HomeKit-Enabled 'Smart Home Packages' Open to Homebuyers in San Jose 14 minutes ago on iOS Blog Homebuilding company KB Home today announced "the nation's first HomeKit-enabled community," which comes with the opportunity for buyers to build homes with Apple's HomeKit platform... 0 comments iHome Launching First Clock Radio That Can Charge Both an iPhone and Apple Watch 40 minutes ago on iOS Blog iHome has announced it will soon release the iPLWBT5, the first alarm clock radio featuring both Lightning and Apple Watch chargers. Audio can be played via the docked Lightning device,... 10 comments iPhone 7 Plus Stock Expected to Remain Tight Through Holiday Shopping Season 3 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple is unlikely to reach iPhone 7 supply and demand equilibrium by the end of the December quarter, suggesting stock will remain tight through the holiday shopping season, according to Piper... 24 comments Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs 4 hours ago on Mac Blog iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only... 53 comments Apple Hires Former WSJ Reporter as Public Relations Director in China 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple has hired a former reporter and columnist for The Wall Street Journal, Wei Gu, to its public relations department in Shanghai, China. Gu's role, per LinkedIn (via TechCrunch) will be PR... 6 comments New Subscription Service 'Setapp' Will Offer 40+ Popular Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month 21 hours ago on Mac Blog Setapp, an upcoming subscription service from MacPaw, aims to offer a Mac App Store alternative and change the way customers obtain software for their Macs. Setapp will make 40+ popular Mac apps... 49 comments Swift Playgrounds Updated With New Coding Lessons, Hour of Code Challenge 23 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's Swift Playgrounds app received its first update today, introducing a new set of coding lessons and a few new features to enhance the coding experience. Included in the update is the... 16 comments Workflow for iOS Updated With Improved Gallery That Makes it Easier Than Ever to Automate Tasks 1 day ago on iOS Blog Popular automation app Workflow is being updated today with a new design, a much-improved Gallery experience, and a streamlined on-boarding process, all of which help to make the app more powerful... 16 comments • PlayStation Vue Now Available on Apple TV (80) • Twitter App Introduces Rich Notifications Support in iOS 10 (10) • Next Year's Dual-Camera iPhones Will Have Dual Optical Image Stabilization (26) • Privacy-Enabled Web Browser 'Firefox Focus' Launches on App Store With Automatic Ad Blocking (39) • Russian Authorities Order Internet Providers to Block LinkedIn Website (16) • Apple Explores Potential Chat Interactions With Siri in Messages Threads (14) • Facebook Halts Collection of WhatsApp User Data Across Europe (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Terrific 'Tennis Champs Returns' Is Finally Available on Android 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Update Now Available 'Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links' Has Soft Launched in Australia and Japan, With a Worldwide Release Scheduled for 2017 Cute Wall-Jumping Platformer 'Nekosan' by 1Button Updated with World B Upcoming 'Movie Studio Empire' Wants Your Movie Ideas We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Servers   /   IBM Power8 Server Comes With Nvidia's NVLink Interconnect       IBM Power8 Server Comes With Nvidia's NVLink Interconnect     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-09-08 Print               Putting Nvidia's technology into the IBM system will speed up performance for such emerging workloads as AI, deep learning and data analytics. IBM officials are rolling out a new Power server that they say is more powerful and efficient than competing Intel-based systems when running such compute-intensive workloads, such as artificial intelligence, deep learning and data analytics. The new Power System S822LC is the latest server in the company's Linux server portfolio and features innovations developed through the IBM-led OpenPower Foundation. The system runs on revamped Power8 chips and will give organizations an alternative to servers powered by Intel's x86-based Xeon processors, according to IBM officials. The key innovation with the S822LC is new interconnect technology from Nvidia embedded in the Power8 chip that officials said will enable data to flow between the CPU and graphics chips five times faster than in x86-servers. The system embeds Nvidia's NVLink high-speed interconnect technology into the silicon to connect the Power8 chips with Nvidia's new Tesla P100 Pascal GPU accelerators. The result is that the S882LC can run data-intensive workloads significantly faster than x86 systems, and fewer systems are needed in the data center. According to Dylan Boday, an IBM Power engineer, Chinese internet service provider Tencent has been testing the new Power8 systems and finding that workloads run three times faster and that it can reduce the number of servers in its data centers by two-thirds. NVLink is a critical part of the S822LC system, Boday told eWEEK. The link communication between the CPU and GPU has always been a choke point in servers that use accelerators, he said. With NVLink, "that no longer is a bottleneck." Also on Sept. 8, IBM officials introduced two other Power8 Linux servers—the S821LC and S822LC for big data—that also take advantage of Nvidia GPU accelerators, though they don't use the NVLink technology. Instead, the Tesla K80 GPUs are attached via PCIe. In addition, users can employ IBM's PowerAccel Coherent Acceleration Processor Interface (CAPI) as a high-speed interconnect with field-programmable gate array (FPGA) accelerators. IBM sold its x86 server business in 2014 to Lenovo for $2.1 billion in an effort to put more resources into its Power architecture. Intel chips run in more than 90 percent of all servers worldwide, and analysts have said that businesses are looking for other silicon options to help drive innovation, fuel competition and keep chip prices down. IBM and ARM are pushing to become that alternative. Over the past couple of years, IBM officials have pushed to grow the capabilities of open technologies on the Power architecture. That includes expanding support for Linux and leveraging partnerships through the OpenPower Foundation, which was launched to enable other vendors to develop products and technologies off the architecture and to accelerate innovation. "It's is a collaborative environment—a lot of groups are innovating around Power," Boday said, adding that the old model of individual vendors creating all the new features for an architecture no longer makes sense. "With today's rate of change of technology, that is no longer a viable means for addressing those changes."   Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST SERVERS ARTICLES   Cray, SGI Awarded $52 Million in Federal Supercomputer Contracts IBM, OpenPower Foundation Make Push into Europe GPU's Role in Artificial Intelligence Advances Featured at Conference EMC Shows Its Data Center Strength at Inaugural Dell EMC Conference Dell EMC Brings PowerEdge Servers to VxRail, VxRack                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Close Dangers of dietary supplements stressed as high schools begin football workouts - Brownsville Herald: Local News Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 83° Scattered Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Registration still open for Turkey Trot The 34th annual Turkey Trot Run For Your Heart takes place Saturday, and there’s still time to register for the event if you haven’t done so already. Posted: November 17 rss Texas News Texas unemployment for October down slightly to 4.7 percent Police: Son of Rep. John Conyers found safe in Houston Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Morning' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Morning' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Morning' game TX Lottery Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Judge handling Sandusky's appeal removes himself from case AP Updated HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — The judge who has presided over Jerry Sandusky's criminal case for five years is removing himself from the former Penn State assistant coach's appeal. Updated: 11:15 am General News, Sports, Legal Proceedings More From The Latest Boxer Vinny Paz says Hollywood biopic made him cry Mourinho demands respect as he resumes rivalry with Wenger NY state college QB runs down, tackles purse snatcher Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Local News Dangers of dietary supplements stressed as high schools begin football workouts Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Monday, August 5, 2002 12:00 am Dangers of dietary supplements stressed as high schools begin football workouts By LAURA B. MARTINEZ Valley Morning Star HARLINGEN With high school football workouts set to begin today, health officials are urging athletes to be aware of the dangers that can come with the use of over-the-counter dietary supplements that contain ephedrine. Health officials said many athletes use the supplements as a way to boost their performance. However, use of products that contain ephedrine, also known as Ma-huang, which is marketed as an energizer, can cause seizures, strokes and possibly death. The concern is that it can overstimulate the heart, said Dr. George Rodgers, an Austin cardiologist, that it can cause your heart to race too much, cause your blood pressure to go up things like that. Rodgers is acting president and governor of the Texas chapter of the American College of Cardiology, which issued the alert. Ephedra or ephedrine is a powerful stimulant that increases metabolism, which in turn helps to burn fat. It comes from an herb called Ma-haung. It is found in dietary supplements such as Twinlab Ripped Fuel, Stacker, Metabolite and Metabolife. It is also used in bodybuilding supplements such as American Body Building Ribbed Force and Muscletech Hydroxycut. And although state law prohibits the product from being purchased and used by anyone 18 years or younger, doctors fear that some athletes are getting their hands on it to improve their performance. Its pretty easy for teen-agers to buy it. I think that is very loosely enforced, Rogers said. The kids that are taking it dont have any idea on how much is safe. I think a lot of them feel like, Well, if one tablet is good, then certainly three or four could be better. The National Football League has banned ephedrine. An NFL player found using ephedrine faces a four-game suspension during the 2002 football season. The NFL began random drug testing of its athletes in July. The National College Athletic Association also bans the supplement. Although the stimulant was found in the system of Northwestern football player Rashidi Wheeler, officials did not believe it contributed to his death in August 2001. Wheeler collapsed on the on the field during what was referred to as a grueling workout. Nevertheless, physicians believe parents need to be aware of any stimulants that their children may be taking. Parents need to be informed about it as well because it looks fairly harmless, Rodgers said. It claims to be a dietary supplement, an herbal preparation. It can be deceptive. Kim Rogers, public information officer for the University Interscholastic League in Austin, said there is no UIL rule that bans the use of over-the-counter dietary supplements. She said any ban on the use of the supplements is up to each school district. Robert Cortez, athletic director for the San Benito school district, said coaches talk to the students about the dangers of taking supplements and steroids. He said that although the students are prohibited from taking the supplements or drugs on campus, the coaches have no control over what the students do out of school. They dont think they are going to die from things like this (ephedrine). They feel, Well, it wont happen to me. We try and expose them to what can happen. Its like playing Russian roulette, Cortez said. You are taking something that may just speed up your heart if youre playing football, basketball or whatever sport youre in and because of what you are doing and the speed of your action, its going to create problems with your heart and you could have a heart attack. Lee Rodriguez, an athletic trainer at Harlingen High School, said the Harlingen school districts main concern is the information teenagers are getting from the general public that takes ephedrine. I dont know if they have personal trainers, or if they have a lot of club organizations or people in the population that are taking this and advising them to take this without fully understanding the hazards that they cause, Rodriguez said. Like San Benito, Harlingen athletes are prohibited from taking dietary supplements and steroids while on campus. We do not encourage it. We actually deter them from taking anything unnatural, Rodriguez said. We make them aware of the side effects and what may happen. Reports show that more than 70 percent of college athletes and 50 percent of high school athletes take some type of supplement to increase performance, but officials worry that the numbers could be higher. If youve taken too much of it and youre dehydrated from sweating so much in the hot Texas sun and you are doing some very rigorous physical activity, that can be a formula for problems, Rodgers said. And although the product has been implicated in a few fatalities, Rodgers said that is something rare. However, he added, If you combine all those things and have somebody for one reason or another vulnerable from a heart perspective that can just tip them over. Citing a study by the New England Journal of Medicine, the Associated Press reported that at least 54 deaths and 1,000 reports of complications have been linked to ephedrine since the mid-1990s. Although the Ephedra Education Council agrees that the product should not be used by anyone under the age of 18, it disagrees with the claims that the product is unsafe. The council said that, if used correctly, the product is safe. The EEC said conservative estimates show that more than 3 billion servings of ephedrine are consumed a year and with the consumption on the rise, the number of possible adverse affects remain low. But regardless of the EEC stance, physicians believe teen-agers should stay away from supplements that contain the herb. My suggestion would be not to use it. It is not going to give them what they want, Rodgers said. It is not going to really, truly improve their performance. It really doesnt replace being in good shape and exercising. Discuss Print Posted in Local News on Monday, August 5, 2002 12:00 am. Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Harlingen student killed in school bus accident enroute to field trip Body of teen killed in school bus incident returned to Harlingen Harlingen boy dies during field trip bus incident In pep talk, Clinton urges backers to 'never, ever give up' Newest BISD trustees react to election More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Office & Warehouse Rentals- Starting @ $700/Mo. & up $700 Updated: 5:00 am Donna 2 Bdrm. 1 Bath Apt. Stove, Refrig., $435/Mo. Central $435 Updated: November 16 WESLACO Efficiency Apt. Stove & Refrig., Utilities Incl. $475 a $475 Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2014 Cruze 58k mi $5,900 2012 Chrysler 200 52k mi Updated: 5:00 am 1996 BMW 3181C White w/black ragtop, leather, clean, new tires $2,500 Updated: November 08 2007 Yukon XL Denali 95K Mi., 6.2 Eng., 1 owner $20 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Intel Challenge for innovators Our Bureau   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Intel India and Department of Science and Technology have announced the Innovate for Digital India Challenge 2.0. Being taken up in association with MyGov, Union Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeITY), and T-Hub Foundation, the Challenge aims at tapping grassroots innovation in solving the problems that people face. Intel has asked the young innovators to develop prototypes of their digital products and solutions on Intel Architecture. The Challenge will be organised in five phases, with the grand finale taking place in April 2017. Short-listed teams will be eligible to receive ₹3 lakh grant each to create minimum-viable products in an accelerator programme at the T-Hub incubator in Hyderabad. (This article was published on September 8, 2016) Related TOPICS economy, business and finance | events | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Demonetisation: How Infoscions are coping with change Need to bring romance back into research: Shibulal DataWind launches manufacturing facility in Hyderabad TCS sets December 13 date to eject Mistry as Director Out of the box, Oracle’s smart city services solution Reliance Industries, GE tie up for industrial IOT Beware of unsecured mobile wallets, e-money! Infibeam net profit zooms on strong service, product revenues Analytics, artificial intelligence are going to change your biz: CA Tech's Otto Berkes Smartphones are better instruments than plastic cards, says Bill Gates LATEST NEWS India, UK sign 3 advance pricing agreements 31 min. ago Safilo Group looks to make eyewear affordable in markets like India, Brazil 52 min. ago UK calls to strengthen partnership with India in higher education 53 min. ago DataWind readies ₹20, ₹100 data plans 1 hr. 1 min. ago Indian auto after-market poised for double-digit growth curve 1 hr. 14 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech DataWind readies ₹20, ₹100 data plans Awaits decision on licences to start Virtual Network operations » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products GOST (Kuznyechik Cipher) Core DisplayPort 1.4 Receiver PHY in TSMC 28nm HPM/C Lightweight H.264/AVC and H.265/HEVC Encoder VESA DSC 1.2 Video Encoder News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? Thursday Nov. 17, 2016 eMemory's NeoFuse IP Verified in TSMC 10nm FinFET Process Wednesday Nov. 16, 2016 Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Tuesday Nov. 15, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs Achronix Aspires to Make Embedded FPGA IP Mainstream Inside DSP - BDTi How to Address the Top 7 JEDEC-UFS Stack Verification Challenges Using Test Suites VIP Experts Blog - Synopsys ARM's trillion IoT chips need vision videantis Blog - Marco Jacobs Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Intel Spins out Security Group Rick Merritt 9/7/2016 07:30 PM EDT SAN JOSE, Calif. – Intel Corp. will sell 51% of its security group to a private equity company for $3.1 billion in cash, spinning it off as an independent company to be called McAfee. Under former chief executive Paul Otellini, the x86 giant bought McAfee in 2010 for $7.68 billion. Intel will retain 49% ownership of the new company in a transaction valuing the business at $4.2 billion. In a written statement, Intel called the new company “one of the world’s largest cybersecurity companies.” Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page     Contact Intel Fill out this form for contacting a Intel representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Xilinx Addresses Rigorous Security Demands at Fifth Annual Working Group for Broad Range of Applications Imagination rolls out new 'Heterogeneous Inside & Out' MIPS CPU Imagination and Intrinsic-ID collaborate on solutions for scalable, flexible and affordable IoT hardware security Intel Security Expands Partner Ecosystem Imagination rolls out complete Ensigma connectivity IP solutions from baseband to RF   See Intel Latest News >> Breaking News MPEG LA Releases MPEG-DASH Patent Portfolio License Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? Qualcomm and Samsung Collaborate on 10nm Process Technology For the Latest Snapdragon 835 Mobile Processor CEVA and NextG-Com Partner to offer Integrated LTE Cat-M1 and Cat-NB1 Solutions for Cost-Sensitive IoT applications Mobiveil to Target Its Universal NOR Flash Controller (U-NFC) to Support Adesto Technologies New eXecute-in-Place Non-volatile Memory (NVM) EcoXiP Chip   See Latest News >> Most Popular Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? ST's Bozotti on 'back-to-silicon' differentiation Inomize and Verisense to Merge Five Top-20 Semiconductor Suppliers to Show Double-Digit Gains in 2016 Mentor Graphics Signs Agreement with ARM to Accelerate Early Hardware/Software Development   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Nvidia Linux Ibm Data Centre IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world NVLink, big bandwidth, but is it enough? A killer box 8 Sep 2016 at 14:04, Dan Olds, OrionX Dan Olds, OrionX Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles Boffins of the future gear up to build their own beastmode rigs OpenStack brings cloud at the press of a button This week's biggest shock: The race to 200Gbps has been won HPC Blog IBM is mounting its strongest challenge yet to x86 hegemony with the unveiling of its spanking new Linux based S822LC system. What makes this system different is that it’s based on a new processor/motherboard configuration, complete with a sporty NVIDIA NVLink connector. According to my research, close to half of you HPC users have a significant number of applications that are starved for more memory bandwidth. If this describes you, then you might want to take a look at this new IBM box – it has more memory bandwidth than anything else out there. How much more? Well, the basic Power 8 system has up to 230GB/s of memory bandwidth vs. 102GB/s for Intel’s latest and greatest processors. That’s a pretty good advantage right there, but IBM, with the help of its OpenPOWER buddy NVIDIA, has upped the ante by building NVLink into this new server. NVLink is a GPU connector (pictured above) that provides a very fast interconnect that can connect GPUs to GPUs, and GPUs to CPUs. It’s plenty speedy at 80 GB/s, particularly when compared to current PCIe 3.0 speeds of 32GB/s. NVLink also gives GPUs direct access to server memory, which serves to flatten the programming model and further reduce latency. Each S822LC contains four NVLink ports (close-up pictured above) supporting up to four Pascal GPUs. The other two systems announced today include the S822LC for Big Data, a storage optimized 2U two socket box that has space for up to 16 drives (96TB total), two NVIDIA K80s, and 512GB main memory. The other system is a highly dense 1U system that offers up to two processors (20 cores total), 32 TB of storage, and 512GB memory. According to IBM, this system can deliver almost 7,000 threads in a single rack, which is, again according to them, 80 per cent more than HPE’s DL360 system. Either way, that’s a lot of threads. All of these boxes can only run Linux operating systems and workloads. Their Linux ecosystem is growing at a good pace with more than 2,500 Linux ISVs developing for Power and more than 100,000 open source Linux packages optimized for Power 8. Their rebel alliance, the OpenPOWER Foundation, now boasts more than 250 members, which is quite a bit larger than the original five founding members (IBM, Google, Tyan, NVIDIA, and Mellanox). IBM has also signaled that it's going to be much more aggressive in the future when it comes to taking on Intel and its x86 partners. In an analyst briefing, it pledged to beat any x86 system on a TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) and, if I heard correctly, also on a TCA (Total Cost of Acquisition) basis. That’s a big deal for Big Blue, which has never been known for bargain basement gear pricing. I would look for IBM to follow through on their aggressive rhetoric; they need Power to become a breakthrough product in order to remain relevant as a system house. Given the specs of the new HPC box, I think they can compete and win against x86 in a lot of application areas. It’ll be good to have an old fashioned server war again, don’t you think? ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 61 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe TPG to Buy Intel’s McAfee Security Unit in $4.2 Billion Deal Devin Banerjee devinbanerjee September 7, 2016 — 4:23 PM EDT Updated on September 7, 2016 — 6:29 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Why Is Intel Spinning Out McAfee Security Unit? Intel selling business as chipmaker focuses on data centers Buyout firm TPG to invest $1.1 billion for 51% equity stake Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp TPG, the alternative-asset manager that oversees $70 billion, agreed to acquire a majority stake in Intel Corp.’s computer-security unit in a deal that values the business at $4.2 billion including debt. TPG will own 51 percent of the company, known as McAfee, while Intel will have a 49 percent stake in the spin-out, according to a statement Wednesday. The company will be led by Chief Executive Officer Chris Young, currently a senior vice president at Intel and general manager of its security unit. Intel is offloading the anti-virus software unit as part of a strategy to focus on its more profitable data-center business. The Santa Clara, California-based chipmaker acquired McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products. The business had $1.1 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, an 11 percent increase from the same period last year, Intel said in the statement. Operating income more than quadrupled to $182 million. Intel had also been talking to other potential suitors, including buyout firms and corporate suitors, people familiar with the matter said last week, naming TPG as a likely bidder. “We have long identified the cyber-security sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyber attacks, as one of the most important areas in technology,” Bryan Taylor, a partner at TPG, which has its main offices in San Francisco and Fort Worth, Texas, said in the statement. “We see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly strategic platform that is growing consistently.” Equity Investment Watch Next: John McAfee: Our New Products Catch Hackers in Seconds John McAfee: Our New Products Catch Hackers in Seconds TPG, led by co-CEOs Jim Coulter and Jon Winkelried, will invest $1.1 billion in the transaction, valuing McAfee’s equity at $2.2 billion, according to the statement. The company has net debt of about $2 billion, which Intel will finance for three to five months after the deal is completed. The companies expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of 2017. After acquiring McAfee, Intel struggled to grow the unit and integrate it with its bread-and-butter chips business. Some private equity firms that spoke with Intel about potentially acquiring the division were wary about its growth rate and their ability to cut costs further than Intel had, the people with knowledge of the discussions said last week. The security business was started by John McAfee in 1987 and has sold anti-virus software to companies and individuals. It was renamed Intel Security in 2014. John McAfee is suing Intel for the right to use his name in his new ventures. He leads MGT Capital Investments Inc., which he wants to rename John McAfee Global Technologies Inc. “Intel should wait to see whether they have any right to use my name,” McAfee said in a text message Wednesday after the deal with TPG was announced. TPG will make the investment from its TPG Partners VII fund, which finished gathering $10.5 billion in May. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Tech Intel Corp John D McAfee Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Be Quiet sneaks out a new processor cooler ideal… Be Quiet sneaks out a new processor cooler ideal for Mini-ITX desktop setups By Kevin Parrish — September 6, 2016 1:20 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends If you’re looking for a quiet and compact cooling solution for your Intel or AMD processor, desktop accessory manufacturer Be Quiet has introduced the Pure Rock Slim fan-based processor cooler meant for PC cases with very little extra space. It features an “asymmetrical and compact” form factor so you can get great CPU cooling in those tight Mini-ITX cases. The company’s new CPU cooler features a base with three 6mm copper heat pipes packing aluminum caps that extend up into a tower of aluminum cooling fins. These pipes are what carry the 120W of heat away from the processor and into the fins, which in turn disperses the heat. On one side of this tower is a seven-blade 92mm fan with a high-quality sleeve bearing to cool off those heated fins. Related: Origami-inspired case depth checker takes the guesswork out of CPU cooler installation According to the company, this fan provides the best balance between silent operation and cooling performance. The fan blades themselves are “airflow-optimized” so that turbulence is reduced, which in turn reduces the noise level. Even when the fan is running at 100 percent, the company says that the fan only produces around 25.4dB(A) of noise, keeping your compact rig somewhat quiet … at least in the CPU department. The specifications show that the new Pure Rock Slim measures 81.8 by 97 by 124.8 millimeters, making it roughly 5 inches tall from the bottom of the base to the top of the tower. There are actually 33 fins stuffed into the tower, and the CPU contact surface is CNC-machined, meaning the base was created by machine tools accurately controlled by computers. The specifications also show that the fan has a rotation per minute rate of up to 2,000, a 4-pole fan motor, and a lifespan on 80,000 hours. The power cable has a 4-pin PWM connector and extends 220mm. Additionally, the thermal grease is already applied out-of-the-box, and the cooler package comes with a backplate mounting set for Intel and AMD processors. That said, here’s a list of compatible processor sockets: Intel: 150 / 1151 / 1155 / 1156 AMD: AM2 (+) / AM3 (+) / FM1 / FM2 (+) Be Quiet points out that when customers install the Pure Rock Slim cooler into their compact configuration, they should have enough room to fill up their RAM memory banks with standard-sized memory sticks sporting their own heatsinks. The cooler also doesn’t get in the way of the motherboard’s voltage regulator module (VRM) heatsink, as the fin tower is raised up from the base with lots of space in-between thanks to the sturdy support provided by the three copper heatpipes. The new Pure Rock Slim from Be Quiet costs a mere $25, and can be purchased online from Amazon, Newegg, NCIX US, and Performance PCs. Also watch: Asus ROG GX700 Hands On Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Devops DevOps HashiCorp pulls in $24m to build out DevOps infrastructure portfolio Cash comes AFTER senior appointments for a change... 8 Sep 2016 at 13:03, Joe Fay Joe Fay Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Devops, Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles CA blows on fingers, grasps testing vendor BlazeMeter Building IoT call for papers: What have YOU done with the internet of things? Naked, drunken Swede assaults chicken shed after 60th birthday HashiCorp has pulled in $24m in funding, which should give its founders carte blanche to crack open an extra bottle or two at its user conference in Napa, California this week. The DevOps infrastructure outfit has a slightly dizzying portfolio of seven open source tools and parallel “enterprise versions spanning runtime, security and infrastructure management. Actually, there were eight tools, but Otto, “a single solution to develop and deploy any application” got it in the head in August. The firm said the series B cash injection brings its total funding to $24m, and comes after hitting its “first seven figure revenue quarter after only nine months of enterprise sales.” Which would be just around the same time it appointed Paul Moblad as senior director of enterprise sales. The cash influx was announced shortly after a flurry of other senior appointments at the four year old firm. It appointed GitHub and Hortonworks veteran Dave McJannet as CEO in August. Founders Mitchell Hashimoto and Armon Dadgar became joint CTOs. In July it appointed Jon Currey as director of research. In June, it absorbed tools developer Vektra. In between squeezing in all those extra bodies, it also managed to squeeze out the enterprise version of its Vault product for DevOps security. The enterprise version adds: a UI for managing “secrets” through a single portal; health alerts and monitoring for Vault servers; and initialization and seal workflow for Vault clusters. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections Post a comment More from The Register Building a DevOps business case Promo Learn how in Automic Webinar 4 Comments Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Purchase will add "complementary products" Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Promo Enjoy the world’s biggest DevOps online event, alongside experts, live. Speaking in Tech: DevOps handbook is a romance novel Podcast We compiiiiled the coode and committed it to the repository, she murmured huskily 2 Comments Jumpin' AppFlash! Actifio's devops gear rolls onto Pure kit +Comment Copy data virtualisation gets a flash boost Tenable ate FlawCheck for DevOps enhancement Because Docker container security leaves something to be desired Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Puppet shows its hand: All your software is belong to us Speaking in Tech: DevOps handbook is a romance novel Hyperconvergence: Where is the technology, and the CIO, going? 'We already do that, we’re just OG* enough to not call it DevOps' The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
null
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications The FW-7551 is a desktop network appliances utilizing the cutting edge capabilities of the Intel Rangeley platform. FW-7551_back - bk   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * x86 Desktop Network Appliance * vCPE * SD-WAN By Industry: * TelecomNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Sept. 8, 2016 - PRLog -- Lanner today announced that its network appliance FW-7551 has been certified to be compatible with NTT Lagopus SDN software switch. Lagopus, functioning as Open Source Software (OSS), is developed by NTT (Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation) to provide a high-performance and flexible functionality suitable for data centers and wide area network applications. In the mean time, Lanner has certified Lagopus as a software switch compatible with FW-7551 and potentially Lanner's other network appliances. The exchanged co-certifications will enhance both parties to be even dynamic in the SDN ecosystem. The release of Lagopus by NTT is considered as an initiative to expand OSS-based SDN ecosystems by NTT. In recent years, the network virtualization is intensively discussed due to its high flexibility, scalability and investment optimization. By taking the software-oriented approach instead of a hardware orientation, Lagopus conforms to OpenFlow specifications and supports a wide range of mainstream network protocols in order to improve serviceability and stability. With DPDK, Lagopus is able to deliver high performance for SDN applications. Lanner, a global leader in network appliance manufacturing, has its FW-7551 certified as NTT Lagopus compatible software switch. During the process, Lanner also certified NTT Lagopus SDN virtual switch on its hardware platform for its usability and stability. The co-certification will enhance both parties to be even dynamic in the SDN ecosystem. Lanner's FW-7551 is an Intel x86 based desktop appliance, empowered by Intel Atom CPU C2000 SoC up to 8-core and 8GB 1333/1600 DDR3 memory. As an ideal hardware device for SDN application, FW-7551 comes with built-in Intel QuickAssist crypto acceleration as well as full DPDK compatibility. With co-certification, the innovated NTT Lagopus vSwitch and Lanner FW-7551 will optimize the potential realize SDN/NFV-enabled network environment and shorten the system integrator development time in SDN applications. FW-7551 x86 Desktop Network Appliance for vCPE, SD-WAN and Network Edge Security - Intel 2, 4 or 8-core Atom C2000 SoC CPU (codenamed "Rangeley") - Compact desktop design - 4 or 6 built-in GbE LAN ports - Supports QuickAssist Crypto Acceleration - Supports up to 8 or 16 GB ECC DDR3 Memory - Intel i210AT LAN controller - 1 x system cooling fan - Supports 2nd Generation LAN Bypass function To know more about this product: http://www.lannerinc.com/products/x86-network-appliances/... About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Lanner Electronics Inc. ***@lannerinc.com End Source : Lanner Electronics Inc. » Follow Email : ***@lannerinc.com Listed Under- Tags : x86 Desktop Network Appliance, vCPE, SD-WAN Industry : Telecom Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Lanner Electronics Inc. PRs The LEC-7338: SFF Surveillance Platform with Intel® BayTrail CPU Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer well-rounded Digital Signage Solutions Lanner Partners with Versa Networks to Enhance SD-WAN and vCPE Solutions at Customer Site Lanner Adds NCA-1210 into its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup The LEC-2580: Unsurpassed in Performance, Flexibility and Scalability Trending News Huntsville Cyber Security Contractor Addresses New FAR Rule Implementing CUI Program IOTAP has been featured in the CIOReview magazine TREEL Doubles Size with Expansive Growth Mobisoft Infotech's Client Seremedi Qualifies For The MEDICA World App Competition, Germany Volansys Present When NXP Launched Thread & ZigBee-Ready Modular IoT Gateway at Electronica, Germany Top Daily News Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 400 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 266 views A Social Science Experiment Reveals that Not Everything Is As Real As It Seems In Every Protest - 258 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 228 views Mint SIM Launches Best F*!ing Deal in Wireless (We Said "Foxing"!) - 197 views Top Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1239 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 938 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 805 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 739 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 709 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 244 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 207 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 188 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 149 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Friday 18 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » IT & Telecommunications   » Story Intel to spin out security unit, sell $3.1bn stake NEW YORK, September 8, 2016 Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 per cent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 per cent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 per cent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. – Reuters Tags: Intel | Cyber Security | More IT & Telecommunications Stories UAE satellite operator inks partnership with Talia Du launches new TV service on Apple TV Etisalat rolls out new IP address standard Batelco set to host telecom and IT experts New media, IoT ‘increase threats to media firms’ Bahrain to introduce new rules for phone masts Thuraya launches 'first' dual mode, dual SIM phone NDigitec opens lounge in Dubai Design District HK telecom group names new GM Ford signs up BlackBerry for security software Asiacell, IRC and Ericsson win top CSR award UAE re-elected as chair of global IoT study group Microsoft partners with start-up accelerator Batelco gets key Eutelsat teleport certification 5G set to be a game-changer for networked society Batelco hosts Injaz Bahrain board meeting Saudi tech start-ups to drive Digital Economy Batelco wins 'fastest mobile internet in Bahrain' award Investcorp to invest $20m in cloud firm Calligo Ooredoo to implement new Ericsson solution for billing Ericsson showcases tech studio to UAE team Cyber security to drive $7.6trn of digital value Oman’s TRA calls bids for third telecom licence Huawei, ADMA launch cloud-ready data centre Ooredoo, Ericsson in tie-up for cloud revenue system UAE showcases space programme at global forum Tamkeen hosts forum on ICT industry in Bahrain Huawei launches newest addition to Mate series DarkMatter, Guidance to offer data security solutions Acer to extend its VR offering Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. GNU Libreboot Adds Support For Another (Outdated) Intel Motherboard Written by Michael Larabel in Coreboot on 7 September 2016 at 03:16 PM EDT. 6 Comments A mini-ITX board running the GNU Libreboot downstream of Coreboot sounds interesting for a fully free software HTPC/media center PC, right? Too bad this new motherboard port is for an i945 board released back in 2008 and has integrated a painfully slow original, single-core Atom chip. If you happen to have the Intel D945GCLF2 motherboard, it's now supported by GNU Libreboot eight years after the product was launched with the i945GC Express chipset. The port landed with this commit. Even if you have this board or are able to find it used, the preloaded BIOS is write-protected so you must externally flash Libreboot onto the motherboard. SeaBIOS is used by the Libreboot port rather than GRUB2 as the flash chip is only 512KB. More details on this board's status with GNU Libreboot via this web-page. Amazon appears to still offer this motherboard, but it will set you back $120 USD for having this single-core Atom mini-ITX board that supports DDR2-677 memory and offers 10/100 networking. At that price you probably would have a better performing experience buying a Coreboot/Libreboot-compatible Chromebook. Good luck finding newer x86 motherboards supported by Libreboot due to -- in large part -- Intel's FSP and AMD's AGESA binary blobs. 6 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Coreboot News Another Old Intel Motherboard Gets Picked Up By Coreboot AMD Stoney Ridge Support Lands In Coreboot Google "Eve" Kabylake System Gains Coreboot Support Coreboot Lands More RISC-V / lowRISC Code Coreboot 4.5 Officially Released Libreboot Drama Continues, GNU Might Keep The Project Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.

null

Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Banking & Financial Services | Economic News, Trends, Analysis Results Announced for 2016 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices Review LONDON and NEW YORK and ZURICH, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- S&P Dow Jones Indices (S&P DJI), one of the world's leading index providers, and RobecoSAM, the investment specialist focused exclusively on Sustainability Investing (SI), today announced the results of the annual Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) review. The three largest additions and deletions (by free-float market capitalization) to the DJSI World this year include: Additions: Cisco Systems Inc, Royal Dutch Shell PLC, Adobe Systems Inc Deletions: Intel Corp*, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, British American Tobacco PLC* The component lists for the DJSI will be published on the RobecoSAM website on Monday, September 12, 2016. All changes are effective on Monday, September 19, 2016. Launched in 1999, the DJSI World is the gold standard for corporate sustainability and the first global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies based on RobecoSAM's analysis of financially relevant Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) factors and S&P DJI's robust index methodology. RobecoSAM invited the world's largest 3,400 companies from developed and emerging markets to take part in its annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). Appetite for Sustainability Investing on the Rise ESG integration has gone mainstream, attracting the attention of more and more investors. RobecoSAM's database of comprehensive research regarding financially relevant sustainability information enables RobecoSAM and S&P DJI to provide tailor-made indices designed to meet investors' growing needs for SI investment solutions. The aim of the CSA methodology is to address upcoming sustainability trends that are connected to financial performance and thus raise the bar each year. Manjit Jus, Head of Sustainability Application & Operations, RobecoSAM: "The iconic DJSI offer a great opportunity for companies to drive their sustainability performance. Moreover, the CSA addresses the right sustainability issues that support companies to remain at the cutting edge of their industry and forms the basis of new, innovative index solutions that we develop together with our partner S&P Dow Jones Indices." David Blitzer, Managing Director and Chairman of the Index Committee, S&P Dow Jones Indices: "With 2016 likely to be the hottest year on record, investors are again reminded that companies' environmental and sustainability efforts are crucial to their financial outcomes. The Dow Jones Sustainability Indices are comprehensive benchmarks of companies that meet RobecoSAM's sustainability standards and give investors tools to develop global allocations that reflect sustainability factors." The Corporate Sustainability Leaders RobecoSAM identifies the top scoring company in each of the 24 industry groups (according to GICS®). The 2016-2017 Industry Group Leader profiles can be found on the RobecoSAM website. *These companies are still part of regional indices Observations from the 2016 DJSI Review The CSA consists of over 100 financially relevant questions. An analysis of this year's review provides insight into the business practices of the world's largest companies. Below are some of the most notable observations from the 2016 Review: Criteria, Where World's Largest Companies Scored Highest in 2016: Codes of Business Conduct Corporate Governance Environmental Policy & Management Systems Criteria, Where World's Largest Companies Scored Lowest in 2016: Operational Eco-Efficiency Human Capital Development Materiality (New criteria in 2016) Surprisingly, many companies still underestimate the importance of "Human Capital Development" and lack the ability to not only qualitatively, but also quantitatively, link investments in human capital with tangible business benefits. Most Improved CSA Criteria Relative to Last Year: Corporate Citizenship and Philanthropy: +22.09% The high score in "Corporate Citizenship and Philanthropy" shows that companies increasingly approach their corporate citizenship activities in a strategic manner, with defined priorities that are aligned with their business drivers, allowing companies to leverage their strengths, brand and employees to have the maximum impact on the beneficiaries. Least Improved CSA Criteria Relative to Last Year: Labor Practice Indicators and Human Rights: -34.82% The criteria "Labor Practice Indicators and Human Rights" deteriorated the most due to newly introduced questions focusing on human rights. Based on the results, it is clear that this is a developing area of interest for companies – many have human rights policies in place, but few have the tools to comprehensively assess, mitigate and remediate human rights risks. For additional information on the DJSI and the changes to its components numbers, please visit: RobecoSAM's DJSI review page and http://www.djindexes.com/sustainability/. For further methodology information, please visit the CSA Resource Center, where you find criteria weightings, 2016 criteria changes, Measuring Intangibles brochure, key facts, participation benefits, CSA companion and more. For more information about RobecoSAM, please visit www.robecosam.com For more information about S&P Dow Jones Indices, please visit www.spdji.com  ABOUT S&P DOW JONES INDICES S&P Dow Jones Indices, a division of S&P Global, is the largest global resource for index-based concepts, data and research, and home to iconic financial market indicators, such as the S&P 500® and the Dow Jones Industrial Average®. More assets are invested in products based on our indices than any other provider in the world. With over 1,000,000 indices and more than 120 years of experience covering a wide range of asset classes across the globe, S&P Dow Jones Indices defines the way investors measure and trade the markets. For more information, visit www.spdji.com. ABOUT RobecoSAM Founded in 1995, RobecoSAM is an investment specialist focused exclusively on Sustainability Investing. It offers asset management, indices, impact analysis and investing, engagement, voting, sustainability assessments, and benchmarking services. Asset management capabilities cater to institutional asset owners and financial intermediaries and cover a range of ESG-integrated investments (in public and private equity), featuring a strong track record in resource efficiency themed strategies. Together with S&P Dow Jones Indices, RobecoSAM publishes the globally recognized Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI). Based on its Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), an annual ESG analysis of over 3,800 listed companies, RobecoSAM has compiled one of the world's most comprehensive databases of financially material sustainability information. The data of the CSA is also included in USD 87.3 billion of assets under management by the subsidiaries of the Robeco Group. RobecoSAM is a sister company of Robeco, the Dutch investment management firm founded in 1929. Both entities are subsidiaries of the Robeco Group, whose majority shareholder is ORIX Corporation. As a reflection of its own commitment to advocating sustainable investment practices, RobecoSAM is a signatory of the UNPRI and a member of Eurosif, ASrIA and Ceres. Approximately 130 professionals work for RobecoSAM, which is headquartered in Zurich. As of June 30, 2016, RobecoSAM had assets under management, advice and/or license in listed and private equity* of approximately USD 10.8 billion. Additionally, RobecoSAM's Governance & Active Ownership team** had USD 226 billion of assets under engagement and USD 53 billion of assets under voting. Important legal information: S&P® is a registered trademark of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P"), a division of S&P Global, Inc. Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"). RobecoSAM is a registered trademark of Robeco Groep N.V. These trademarks have been licensed to S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("S&P DJI), a division of S&P Global, Inc. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by, and is the exclusive property and a trademark of, S&P and MSCI Inc. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. S&P DJI, Dow Jones, S&P and their respective affiliates do not sponsor, endorse, sell or promote any investment fund or other investment product that is offered by third parties and that seeks to provide an investment return based on the performance of any index. S&P DJI does not make investment recommendations, and inclusion of a security within an index, and CSA results, are not recommendations by S&P DJI for the purchase or sale of any security or other asset or to pursue any investment strategy. This document is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer of services in jurisdictions where S&P DJI does not have the necessary licenses. S&P DJI receives compensation for licensing its indices to third parties. The securities identified and described may or may not be purchased, sold or recommended for advisory clients of RobecoSAM. It should not be assumed that an investment in these securities was or will be profitable. *RobecoSAM Private Equity is the marketing name of the combined private equity divisions of Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. ('Robeco') and its fully owned subsidiary, RobecoSAM AG ('RobecoSAM'). Any funds or services offered by RobecoSAM Private Equity are managed and offered by Robeco, who may have delegated certain investment advisory functions to RobecoSAM. ** RobecoSAM's Governance & Active Ownership team is a brand name of Robeco. RobecoSAM USA is an investment adviser registered in the US. RobecoSAM USA, 909 third avenue, New York, NY 10022. Copyright© 2016 RobecoSAM – all rights reserved. SOURCE S&P Dow Jones Indices RELATED LINKS http://www.spdji.com Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Banking & Financial Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  News Intel's new 600p series NVMe drives get a fantastic price by David Hollingworth  |  Thursday 8 September 2016  | Comment Now Not quite high-end performance, but half the asking price? This is the storage revolution we've been waiting for. When we first got word of Intel's new range of NVMe drives, the one thing we were waiting on was the price. Everything else looked solid, and Intel was intimating the drives - available in 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB models - would be priced at a more mainstream level. And Intel was not kidding. The current top end product in this market segment is Samsung's 950 Pro series, but for that you're paying $239 for the 256GB model, or $419 for the 512GB version. Sure, these drives are faster - you get read speeds of up to 2500MB/s and writes of up to 1500MB/s.  Intel's are slower, but only by a third, at least when it comes to read speeds. The 512GB model is rated for up to 1775MB/s read speed, with a 560MB/s write speed. But here's the local pricing of the three 600p models (we still don't have a price for Intel's 128GB model): Intel 600p 1TB - $459 Intel 600p 512GB - $239 Intel 600p 256GB - $139        That's just comparing apples to apples, though. If you compare the PCIe-based 600p drives to the current top of the SATA-based SSD crown - Samsung's 850 Pro series - it's even more competitive on price, and with much faster performance. The 500 GB 850 Pro SSD is rated for read speeds of up to 550MB/s, and writes of up to 520MB/s, but costs $319. READ NEXT: Adata launches Ultimate SU800SATA 6Gb/s3D NAND SSD In terms of HDD performance, there's simply no comparison. The 600p drives are 17 times faster. Basically, in terms of bang for buck, we think Intel's hit the jackpot. If you've got a motherboard that supports the hardware (an M.2 connection, and PCIe 3 x4 - so, any modern board, essentially), this should absolutely be your next system drive choice. If you do want that premium performance, though, there's always Intel's 750 series PCIe drive, and OCZ's just gotten into the market with its RD400 range.  Related Articles Liveblog: Microsoft E3 Event - Halo 4, Smartglass, South Park and no new Xbox Liveblog: EA's 'The Download' - Sim City, pro-sports and Warfighter New screens from Dishonored - cloak, dagger and magic! Wargaming.net announces unified gaming service, and World of Battleships trailer Meeting the real Warfighters: A Medal of Honor day out See more about:  600p  |  intel  |  m2  |  nvme  |  pcie 3 x4  |  pricing  |  ssd  |  storage   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Hands-on Preview: Razer Blade Pro (2016)     Google Wifi: 5 reasons to be excited about a wireless router (yes, really)     iOS 10 has a terrible security flaw you need to know about     M.2 NVMe SSDs just got a nice speed boost     Review: HP ZBook Studio G3   More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Roccat releases Cross cross-platform gaming headphones << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Both Nvidia and AMD release hot fix drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Group on trial for cyber-theft of $15M in FIFA Coins << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Might want to hold off on those 375.86 Nvidia drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS New GeForce 375.86 WHQL drivers out now << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) FEATURE The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Fractal Design Define C is a great mix of silence and features << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) GALLERY Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The beautiful PC mods of PAX Australia 2016! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Roccat releases Cross cross-platform gaming headphones Review Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time Feature The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Freitag, 18. November | 18:52 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 6:03 | 08.09.2016 n.io Innovation Reveals Award Winning IoT Precision Agriculture Software in Upcoming Webcast BROOMFIELD, Colorado, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — n.io Innovation [https://n.io/], a recent Gold Award winner of Dell & Intel’s IoT Connect What Matters [http://www.dellconnectwhatmatters.com/] contest, announced today that it will host a webcast to publicly reveal how the n.io software platform is enabling disruptive agricultural transformation by providing real-time insight, control, and automation.Topic: n.io Precision Agriculture Demonstration Webinar [https://n.io/ag/] Description: n.io enables the future of agriculture, featuring Deep Sky Vineyard Date/Time: Sept. 22, 2016 @ 11am MST Event Registration: n.io/ag [https://n.io/ag/]Standing in the way of much-needed modernization in the agricultural industry are several limitations in technology–in particular, excessive networking and data collection costs, lack of interoperability amongst disparate technologies, and the exclusion of the farmer’s expertise and artistry from the application of technology. The n.io software platform enables a robust and interoperable precision agriculture solution, capable of adapting to a vast array of requirements. This software “central nervous system” of intelligence, control, and automation can process an unlimited array of asynchronous sensors and data to create a fully interoperable agricultural ecosystem. n.io Innovation CEO, Doug Standley, declares, “The societal demand to produce significantly more food while conserving precious water resources is universally acknowledged. Our investment towards applying n.io to precision ag is a call of duty and central to our company’s purpose.”The intent of this webcast is to raise awareness about the patented n.io software technology and encourage partnership amongst agriculture investors, technology providers, and the farming community. “n.io’s ability to seamlessly process data at the edge is the breakout that I’ve been searching for my entire career. I am pleased to be involved in this innovation and excited to play a part in its advancement to the global farming community.” – Deverl Maserang: Senior Agriculture Executive and n.io Innovation AdvisorAbout n.io InnovationBased in Broomfield, CO, n.io Innovation is a privately held software company. The company is taking on the toughest challenges of interoperability, latency, database dependency and user complexity, enabling adaptable real-time intelligence and automation to empower users and developers to exploit the vast potential of technology and the Internet. n.io Innovation’s patented platform jumps ahead of all the current noise and clutter about the Internet of Things (IoT) by providing a truly extensible software platform. To learn more visit n.io [https://n.io/], contact Blake Duhame at 877-231-0353 ext.152, or email info@n.io[mailto:info@n.io]About Deep Sky VineyardDeep Sky is a 20-acre boutique vineyard owned by Kim and Philip Asmundson located just south of Willcox, Arizona. As vineyard owners they believe that “80% of the wine is made in the field.” This means that great wine begins with great fruit and great fruit requires a lot of attention. It’s this relentless attention to detail and perseverance that drives them every day to meet their goal of producing the highest quality grapes in Arizona. To learn more, visit deepskyvineyard.com [https://deepskyvineyard.com/].n.io Innovation Web site: http://www.n.io/ Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 18:28 Uhr | 18.11.2016 EZB-Chefvolkswirt: Werden ... 18:21 Uhr | 18.11.2016 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Stellenabbau ... 18:13 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Aktien Europa Schluss: Verluste - ... 18:11 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Mexikos Notenbank: 'Trump ist kein ... 18:10 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Aktien Frankfurt Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Electronic Design Automation | Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Agriculture | Networks n.io Innovation Reveals Award Winning IoT Precision Agriculture Software in Upcoming Webcast Translations: English BROOMFIELD, Colorado, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- n.io Innovation, a recent Gold Award winner of Dell & Intel's IoT Connect What Matters contest, announced today that it will host a webcast to publicly reveal how the n.io software platform is enabling disruptive agricultural transformation by providing real-time insight, control, and automation. Topic: n.io Precision Agriculture Demonstration Webinar  Description: n.io enables the future of agriculture, featuring Deep Sky Vineyard Date/Time: Sept. 22, 2016 @ 11am MST Event Registration: n.io/ag Standing in the way of much-needed modernization in the agricultural industry are several limitations in technology—in particular, excessive networking and data collection costs, lack of interoperability amongst disparate technologies, and the exclusion of the farmer's expertise and artistry from the application of technology. The n.io software platform enables a robust and interoperable precision agriculture solution, capable of adapting to a vast array of requirements. This software "central nervous system" of intelligence, control, and automation can process an unlimited array of asynchronous sensors and data to create a fully interoperable agricultural ecosystem. n.io Innovation CEO, Doug Standley, declares, "The societal demand to produce significantly more food while conserving precious water resources is universally acknowledged. Our investment towards applying n.io to precision ag is a call of duty and central to our company's purpose." The intent of this webcast is to raise awareness about the patented n.io software technology and encourage partnership amongst agriculture investors, technology providers, and the farming community.   "n.io's ability to seamlessly process data at the edge is the breakout that I've been searching for my entire career. I am pleased to be involved in this innovation and excited to play a part in its advancement to the global farming community." - Deverl Maserang: Senior Agriculture Executive and n.io Innovation Advisor About n.io Innovation Based in Broomfield, CO, n.io Innovation is a privately held software company. The company is taking on the toughest challenges of interoperability, latency, database dependency and user complexity, enabling adaptable real-time intelligence and automation to empower users and developers to exploit the vast potential of technology and the Internet. n.io Innovation's patented platform jumps ahead of all the current noise and clutter about the Internet of Things (IoT) by providing a truly extensible software platform. To learn more visit n.io, contact Blake Duhame at 877-231-0353 ext.152, or email info@n.io About Deep Sky Vineyard Deep Sky is a 20-acre boutique vineyard owned by Kim and Philip Asmundson located just south of Willcox, Arizona. As vineyard owners they believe that "80% of the wine is made in the field." This means that great wine begins with great fruit and great fruit requires a lot of attention. It's this relentless attention to detail and perseverance that drives them every day to meet their goal of producing the highest quality grapes in Arizona. To learn more, visit deepskyvineyard.com. SOURCE n.io Innovation RELATED LINKS http://www.n.io More by this Source n.io Innovation zeigt preisgekrönte Io-Präzisionslandwirtschafts-Software in demnächst stattfindendem Webcast 08 Sep, 2016, 12:46 BST n.io Innovation dévoile, dans une présentation diffusée sur le Web, un logiciel de l'IdO primé pour l'agriculture de précision 08 Sep, 2016, 11:03 BST View all news by n.io Innovation Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Electronic Design Automation News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NetflixvsHulu LinkedIn SpaceX Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Security/ Intel Spins Off McAfee to Private Equity Firm Intel Spins Off McAfee to Private Equity Firm By Tom Brant September 7, 2016 08:18pm EST 10 Comments Intel's goal in acquiring McAfee was to sell security software for more than just PCs. Intel is spinning off its McAfee virus protection subsidiary, creating an independent cybersecurity company that will continue to sell products under the McAfee name. Intel agreed to acquire McAfee for $7.68 billion almost exactly seven years ago, when the mobile device era was still in its infancy. Its goal was to remake the company, once a household name for PC security, into a peddler of protection for every Internet-connected device. McAfee continued to make PC security software, but also branched out with product offerings like LiveSafe, which protects nearly every Windows, Mac OS, Android, and iOS device, and whose antivirus capabilities rated highly in PCMag's tests. But McAfee's transformation under Intel largely failed to convince the smartphone-wielding public that it needed cybersecurity protection for more devices. Most people's first visit to the app store is likely to download Facebook, not virus protection. //Related Articles The Best Antivirus Protection of 2016 So Intel will rid itself of the McAfee experiment—though it will continue to own 49 percent of the company—in a transaction valuing the business at approximately $4.2 billion. Private investment firm TPG will own the other 51 percent. Current Intel senior vice president Christopher Young will lead the newly-independent McAfee. In an open letter to investors, employees, and customers, he explained that his company will continue to offer multiple-device security suites. "We have the right strategy and product portfolio to stay ahead of the adversaries who undermine our digital world," he wrote. "In the end, McAfee will emerge in a position of greater strength, still fully committed to being the best provider in the cybersecurity industry worldwide." Back to top Previous : Brazzers Porn Forum Hacked, User Data Exposed House GOP Panel Blasts OPM Over Breach Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom The Best Dell Black Friday Deals Cheap notebooks and desktops, a pair of 4K TVs, and an Xbox One S await. More » White Male Twitter Bots Reduce Racism by Calling it Out In a study, men on Twitter reduced their racist comments by 27 percent once they were criticized by ... More » Send Texts With Amazon Alexa's New AT&T Skill There's no phone required, but you can only add up to 10 contacts. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews McAfee AntiVirus Plus (2017) Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Bitdefender Antivirus Plus 2017 Symantec Norton AntiVirus Basic The Best Antivirus Protection of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Intel To Sell Majority Stake In Security Unit To TPG INTEL CORPORATION 32,831  Euro -0,056 -0,17 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 18:03 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,835 32,945 18:52 32,831 32,897 18:52 08.09.2016 | 04:18 (19 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Intel To Sell Majority Stake In Security Unit To TPG SANTA CLARA (dpa-AFX) - Intel Corp. (INTC) and TPG announced a definitive agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly-owned, independent cybersecurity company. The new company will be called McAfee following transaction close. TPG will own 51 percent of McAfee and Intel will own 49 percent in a transaction valuing the business at approximately $4.2 billion. TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business. Chris Young will be appointed CEO of the new company upon closing of the transaction. As per the terms of the agreement, TPG will own 51 percent of a newly-formed cybersecurity company in a multi-step transaction valuing Intel Security at about $4.2 billion, based on an equity value of approximately $2.2 billion plus McAfee net debt of approximately $2 billion. The debt initially will be financed by Intel until completion of audited financial statements for McAfee (expected within three to five months of close). The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 Closing The Book On Intel And Vuzix ► Artikel lesen 16:21 Tech Today: Salesforce, Marvell Surge, Apple's Inventory, Intel's A.I. ► Artikel lesen 15:46 Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good ► Artikel lesen 15:22 Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,831 -0,17 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Home Consulting Advertise Contact & About Archive Price Lists (deprecated) Nantero NRAM: ARM’d and dangerous by Robin Harris on Wednesday, 7 September, 2016 Intel’s 3D XPoint non-volatile RAM has sucked up most of the attention in the NVRAM space, but Nantero’s NRAM has taken a giant step forward. So far forward that Intel may get ARM’d again if they aren’t careful. NRAM? Nantero is the 15 year old startup pioneering carbon nano-tube RAM, or NRAM. 15 years is a lot of pioneering, but NRAM’s promise is immense: DRAM speed Lower cost in volume Endurance that rivals – or equals – DRAM Higher density Plus, of course, lower power StorageMojo has followed Nantero for a while, but has seen enough great lab demos that fizzled in the marketplace that I’ve remained skeptical. But Fujitsu announced last week that they are productizing NRAM – the first Nantero licensee to go public – and since Fujitsu is also the world’s largest vendor of FRAM – ferromagnetic RAM – their announcement is a weighty endorsement. Fujitsu plans to start with a 256mbit part and scale up and down from there – plus offering embedded NRAM in their fab. Given their FRAM customer base of people who have already stepped outside the DRAM/NAND box, they are well-positioned for NRAM design wins. Also, Nantero is one of the few companies whose product specs have improved as they got closer to production. The product is better than expected. How often does that happen? Can NRAM replace DRAM? Maybe. The biggest uncertainty today is NRAM’s endurance. Nantero says they haven’t found a wear mechanism and have tested to 10^12 writes. But to reach DRAM’s 10^15 writes will take a couple of years to certify. Wrinkles Achieving DRAM density requires vertical NRAM – multiple layers of processing. Nantero says that’s not a problem because DRAM capacitors have such a high aspect ratio that they takes as many processing steps and mask layers as 8 layers of NRAM. Achieving lower-than-DRAM pricing requires volume, and that’s where NRAM has a competitive advantage over, say, 3D XPoint. Processing can be done on today’s flash, DRAM or logic lines. NRAM processing only needs spin coating and patterning – as well as carbon nanotubes – which modern fabs all support. The StorageMojo take The Intel/Micron 3D XPoint announcement last year seemed rushed. At the time it seemed due to a possible Micron takeover. But I think now that the rush was because of Nantero’s NRAM. While Fujitsu is the first public reference, Nantero, who wouldn’t reveal any names, says they have a dozen other licensees, including, I’ll wager, Apple, Samsung, HP, Lenovo, Dell/EMC, TSMC, and other major players. Since Nantero, like ARM, licenses their technology, Intel wanted to take up as many development resources for 3D XPoint as possible, leaving fewer for NRAM. But NRAM’s advantages are many. And ARM has shown that having dozens of companies working with your technology can beat one, not matter how large and wealthy. Courteous comments welcome, of course. Tweet { 1 comment… read it below or add one } Petros Koutoupis September 8, 2016 at 7:16 am I am glad to see that Nantero is making progress. Thank you for this write up and update. Re: 3D XPoint… I agree. Intel/Micron did seem to rush their announcement. It has been over a year and we have yet to see anything, including real life benchmarks of both performance and endurance. Given the continued delays to provide samples to a select list of partners, my concern with 3D XPoint is that this may be a case of over promising and in turn under delivering. Leave a Comment Name E-mail Website Previous post: Notes on VMworld 2016 Next post: Artisanal science doesn’t scale Recent Comments KW Bouchard on Building fast erasure coded storage Ashok Matta on Big Data in Formula 1 racing c8to on Artisanal science doesn’t scale Laz Vekiarides on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Phil Fote on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed David E. Williams on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Ian F. Adams on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed John Other on Everspin’s MRAM IPO John Other on Everspin’s MRAM IPO Recent Posts When is a feature a bug? Frisky Gen-Z’s to battle boomer Intel ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Everspin’s MRAM IPO Is 3D XPoint in trouble? Nutanix IPO: the big score Dell vets: buff up your resumes this weekend Artisanal science doesn’t scale Nantero NRAM: ARM’d and dangerous   StorageMojo Channel Categories Architecture Backup Cloud computing & storage Clusters Disk Enterprise Future Tech Hike blogging Information Management IoT Management Marketing Mobile NAS, IP, iSCSI Object storage Off-Topic Price Lists SAN, FC Security & Public Policy SOHO/SMB SSD/Flash/NVRAM Video Virtualization Greatest hits EMC threatens StorageMojo Google's disk failure experience Everything you know about disks is wrong EMC: "These aren't the droids you're looking for" Home RAID vs backup Google file system eval ZFS: threat or menace? An open source SAN ZFS performance vs hardware RAID CERN's data corruption research Recent tweets Tweets by @StorageMojo Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.
clock menu more-arrow San Francisco Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Maps Forums Drinks Video Neighborhoods Cities more Maps Forums Drinks Video Neighborhoods Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas Denver Detroit Eater.com Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Minneapolis Montreal Nashville New Orleans New York Philadelphia Portland, OR San Diego San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ Listage The Top Five News Stories This Week The hottest restaurant news from this week that got you reading by Ellen Fort Sep 9, 2016, 3:40pm PDT tweet share pin Dungness Crabs Shutterstock September 9 1. Treasure Island Flea to Move Locations and Expand Food Lineup The flea market is bulking up its food offerings, and moving across the island to the Oakland-facing side. 2. Dungeness Crab Optimism, a New Parklet, More A.M. Intel There’s cautious optimism that this year’s Dungeness crab season won’t be a bust due to high water temps, algae bloom, and domoic acid. Keep your fingers crossed as the season nears. 3. A Third Souvla Heads to the Mission Mission-dwelling fans of the fine casual Greek restaurant in Hayes Valley (with a second on Divis) will be able to sashay over for a salad covered with fries in the beginning of 2017. 4. San Francisco’s Essential Burgers This city loves a burger. Check out this list of 14 juicy specimens, and then get to eating. 5. San Francisco’s Essential Patios This city also loves a patio, and this week’s warmer weather drew crowds to outdoor spots all around town. It’s cooling down, so grab a light sweater and head to the bar. Foursquare Souvla 517 Hayes St., San Francisco, CA 94102 (415) 400-5458 Visit Website More From Eater SF WesBurger Now Has Its Own Teeny, Tiny Punch Bar Next Door Fiddler’s Green Is Back, Though Not Quite as You Knew It Where to Eat at San Francisco International Airport [SFO] Babu Ji’s Menu Offers Amped Up Indian Cuisine and a Party Spirit in the Mission Revival Abruptly Shutters Days Before Bauer Can Give It Three Stars Where to Eat at Oakland International Airport [OAK] Most Read Every Important San Francisco Cocktail Bar, Mapped Where to Eat Out on Thanksgiving in San Francisco Get Crackin': The Bay Area Dungeness Crab Heatmap This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Coming Attractions WesBurger Now Has Its Own Teeny, Tiny Punch Bar Next Door by Stefanie Tuder@eatersf It’s called The Den, and is just 100 square feet New, 0 comments Comebacks Opening Alert Fiddler’s Green Is Back, Though Not Quite as You Knew It by Stefanie Tuder@eatersf And that’s a good thing New, 1 comment Airport Dining Guides Eater Guides Where to Eat at San Francisco International Airport [SFO] by Eater Staff Freshly updated for your holiday travel needs New, 0 comments Coming Attractions Menu Porn Babu Ji’s Menu Offers Amped Up Indian Cuisine and a Party Spirit in the Mission by Ellen Fort There’s a self-serve beer fridge New, 0 comments The Shutter Revival Abruptly Shutters Days Before Bauer Can Give It Three Stars by Ellen Fort It opened in July New, 0 comments Airport Dining Guides Eater Guides Where to Eat at Oakland International Airport [OAK] by Eater Staff Freshly updated for your holiday travel needs New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved San Francisco tweet share
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Comtrade Software Chooses Hub of Innovation for Company’s International Headquarters Comtrade Software Chooses Hub of Innovation for Company’s International Headquarters Posted on September 9, 2016 by BeGraciousDaily in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer When GE announced it was moving its headquarters to Boston, Massachusetts, for many, it was no surprise. Massachusetts has long been known for being an innovation economy. And, for technology companies, in particular, Massachusetts has always been attractive to build and grow for the future.  In 2015, in a report by CompTIA, the leading tech industry association, the state claimed highest per-capita ranking nationwide in tech-related patenting, licensing, and venture capital. And, according to The Boston Globe, the state claimed the No. 1 spot nationally in high-tech notably in research and development, testing and life science industries. Simon Taylor, President, Comtrade Software, shares inspiring insight about the corporate reasons behind the decision to locate in Boston. “So it’s in keeping with the states’ history in innovation that we chose Massachusetts, and Boston, as the venue to host the international headquarters for Comtrade Software. With our long-term growth strategy in mind, Boston was a natural choice. What may have surprised me most was answering the question, “Why not Silicon Valley?” In spite of Silicon Valley’s attractiveness, giving rise to many cutting-edge companies like Apple, Facebook, Google and Intel to name a few, for us, Boston fosters an environment ripe for technology innovation. The city also provides access to talent and brings us closer to our hundreds of New England customers. It’s also a great location to help us accelerate our growth plans for all of North America.  The choice was also personal for me. As a Bostonian with European roots, I am always impressed by the city’s history, pride, and cultural strength. And these are the same qualities Comtrade Software shares with Boston and why it truly feels like a perfect match. On the operational side – relatively short flights to a number of important destinations and proximity to Europe are also advantageous as we truly are a global business. Therefore we can see our new US location as central to reaching and connecting with our US and Global partners and clients.  I’m also looking forward to continuing to give back to the Boston community, both personally and for Comtrade Software. College Bound Dorchester, a local organization that focuses on helping hard-to-reach students achieve their greatest potential through education and enrollment in college, has been one of many organizations I am personally proud to help in any way I can. As a business, we have aggressive plans for growth and I know that being headquartered in Boston will make sure we meet our objectives. We’re excited to be here and I’m looking forward to keeping you all posted on how things progress. And please make sure to check back as I share photos from our Boston office opening reception!“  Location: 109 State Street, Suite 304 Boston MA 02109, USA http://www.comtradesoftware.com/ For Comtrade Software Enquiries Contact: Biljana Bartulac, Comtrade Software Biljana.Bartulac@comtrade.com About Comtrade Software Comtrade Software is a leading provider of IT infrastructure management solutions specializing in data, system, network and application performance. We bring proven expertise to different industries through plug-ins for leading infrastructure management platforms, or through our advanced technology that enables vendors and IT professionals to focus on core business deliverables. With more than 1,000 software engineers on staff, Comtrade is one of Europe’s largest IT solution providers and is partnered with many of the world’s leading technology companies, including Microsoft, HP, Oracle, F5, Citrix and Nutanix. Read full release at PRUnderground.com: Comtrade Software Chooses Hub of Innovation for Company’s International Headquarters. Latest News myPharma Thinktank Launches Platinum Advisory Council Ellevate Network Honors Giving Tuesday at Nonprofit Panel and Expo CURE® Media Group Announces Glioblastoma Multiforme Heroes® Award Winners PacificEast Expands Telified Into Germany and India WhatHouse? announces the winners of UK housebuilding’s most coveted awards Stevens Institute of Technology Dedicates ABS Engineering Center Boulder Marriott Welcomes Guests and Locals to Thanksgiving at Canyons Restaurant and Bar this November Smart Device Maker Wants To Change The Way Pets Fight Cancer Mediaplanet’s “Lung Health” Campaign and The International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer Bring Lung Cancer Awareness to the Forefront this November Pukka Trucker, Russell Oliver, wins Trucker of the Year 2016 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18870.30 -0.18%   S&P 500 ▲ 2182.58 -0.21%   Nasdaq ▲ 5324.29 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -13/32 yield 2.351%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.61 0.42%   Euro ▲ 1.0589 -0.36%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet Tesla, SolarCity Merger Gets Shareholder Approval South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Personal Technology Nintendo NES Classic Edition Review: The Best Gadget Gift Since 1985 DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Salesforce Posts Rising Revenue, Lifts Outlook District Attorney’s Office Can’t Unlock 423 Apple Devices Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family What Will Happen to H-1B Skilled-Worker Visas Under Donald Trump? Intel Uses Acquired Chips to Drive Deep Learning AOL Will Lay Off Close to 500 Employees Intuit Sees Sales Rise on Increased Quickbook Subscribers Best Buy Gets Boost From Online Sales Facebook Says It Found More Miscalculated Metrics Russia Blocks LinkedIn Mazda CEO Says Electric Cars Coming in 2019 CMO Today: AT&amp;T Reads Trump Tea Leaves on Merger China Tencent’s Profit Jumps on Games Gains Personal Technology How to Win at Christmas Shopping: Don’t Just Trust Amazon Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Carriers Bring Back Subsidies With iPhone 7 Launch T-Mobile, Sprint, Verizon and AT&T roll out trade-in offers to encourage upgrades By Thomas Gryta Thomas Gryta The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyThomas Gryta @tgryta Google+ Thomas.Gryta@wsj.com Updated Sept. 9, 2016 5:53 p.m. ET Wireless carriers have spent years nudging customers into paying full price for their expensive smartphones, but a rash of promotions around the coming iPhone 7 shows a willingness to still subsidize the device. Shortly after Apple Inc. unveiled its newest handset, T-Mobile US Inc. and Sprint Corp. rolled out offers that promise a free iPhone 7 with 32 gigabytes of storage to anyone who turns in an Phone 6 or 6s. Sprint will also... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Wilson, Wyo.: The Priciest Town You Never Heard Of Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 Donald Trump's Long List for Secretary of State Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: The Democrats Double Down Opinion: What to Tell Your Children About Trump Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Microsoft Smartphones Business The Channel Double-negative tweet could be Microsoft Surface Phone hint Trolling or typo? Take a look-see 9 Sep 2016 at 15:02, Andrew Orlowski Andrew Orlowski Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Copyright, Mobile Networks, Nokia, Smartphones, Google Recent Articles James Dyson's new startup: A university for engineers that doesn't suck We're great, you don't understand competition law, Google tells Europe ARMed and dangerous, Mate: Huawei slips new Cortex cores into Samsung Note killer Microsoft may have just confirmed a Surface Phone via a cryptic tweet. Laura Janet Baker appeared to confirm the long-rumoured flagship via a double negative. It could be the end of the silly season; judge for yourself. Rumours abound that Microsoft will kill off production of its current Lumia range by the end of the year. The brand has gradually been deprecated in favour of “Windows phone devices”. Only four Microsoft Windows 10 Lumias were ever announced, the fourth seven months ago. Their success can be measured by the fact Microsoft introduced a BOGOF (buy one, get one free ) offer in June in various markets, via AT&T in the USA, for example. Microsoft currently offers a bundle of a Lumia 950 case, screen protector and wireless charger for £312 or the larger 950 XL for £400.99. Top trolling Speculation about an Intel-powered Surface Phone – a marquee product leveraging the Surface brand, capable of running legacy x86/x86-64 apps – began to circulate when it became clear the mobile phone portfolio acquired from Nokia was being run down. The company confirmed as much in June. “We’ll lead with some high end and category innovation like we’ve done with Surface, and OEMs will go and build the breadth of the catalogue," Windows VP Kevin Gallo told us. The plan floundered when Intel pulled out of making any more LTE modems. HP has other ideas, though. It isn’t going to settle for the scraps in a negligible consumer market, having thrown the kitchen sink at its business-focussed Elite X3, and built a virtualisation service to pipe over the x86 apps that the phone can’t run natively. It’s hard to imagine what “category innovation” Microsoft can bring to the market, since all phone makers are stuck for ideas. Perhaps the Microsoft Surface Phone will be magnetic, and collect up all the stray earpieces your iPhone 7-toting friends have lost. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 49 Comments More from The Register Microsoft Azure sets up shop in France Bonjour, mes fluffy white amis 22 Comments What strange madness is this? Microsoft makes patch data RESTful Redmond's new security bulletin feed aims to stop cut and paste data dredging 4 Comments Windows Insiders are so passé, Microsoft now has Skype Insiders If call quality is even worse than usual, this could be the reason 17 Comments Microsoft prises open Azure containers, pours in a little Kubernetes Azure Container Engine is now open source Microsoft reveals career-enhancing .PNG files 'Digital Badges' will tell the world you drank Redmond's certification=credibility Kool Aid 24 Comments Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Друг познаётся в беде́ 14 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18869.99 -0.18%   S&P 500 ▲ 2182.56 -0.21%   Nasdaq ▲ 5324.39 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -13/32 yield 2.351%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.60 0.40%   Euro ▲ 1.0589 -0.36%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet Tesla, SolarCity Merger Gets Shareholder Approval South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Personal Technology Nintendo NES Classic Edition Review: The Best Gadget Gift Since 1985 DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Salesforce Posts Rising Revenue, Lifts Outlook District Attorney’s Office Can’t Unlock 423 Apple Devices Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family What Will Happen to H-1B Skilled-Worker Visas Under Donald Trump? Intel Uses Acquired Chips to Drive Deep Learning AOL Will Lay Off Close to 500 Employees Intuit Sees Sales Rise on Increased Quickbook Subscribers Best Buy Gets Boost From Online Sales Facebook Says It Found More Miscalculated Metrics Russia Blocks LinkedIn Mazda CEO Says Electric Cars Coming in 2019 CMO Today: AT&amp;T Reads Trump Tea Leaves on Merger China Tencent’s Profit Jumps on Games Gains Personal Technology How to Win at Christmas Shopping: Don’t Just Trust Amazon Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Carriers Bring Back Subsidies With iPhone 7 Launch T-Mobile, Sprint, Verizon and AT&T roll out trade-in offers to encourage upgrades By Thomas Gryta Thomas Gryta The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyThomas Gryta @tgryta Google+ Thomas.Gryta@wsj.com Updated Sept. 9, 2016 5:53 p.m. ET Wireless carriers have spent years nudging customers into paying full price for their expensive smartphones, but a rash of promotions around the coming iPhone 7 shows a willingness to still subsidize the device. Shortly after Apple Inc. unveiled its newest handset, T-Mobile US Inc. and Sprint Corp. rolled out offers that promise a free iPhone 7 with 32 gigabytes of storage to anyone who turns in an Phone 6 or 6s. Sprint will also... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Wilson, Wyo.: The Priciest Town You Never Heard Of Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 Donald Trump's Long List for Secretary of State Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: The Democrats Double Down Opinion: What to Tell Your Children About Trump Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Games Games Accessories Handheld Mobile Games Nintendo PC Gaming More PlayStation Toys VR Xbox Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Opinions / Forget 4K Blu-ray, as a die-hard PC gamer I'm hugely impressed by the PS4 Pro Forget 4K Blu-ray, as a die-hard PC gamer I'm hugely impressed by the PS4 Pro by Michael Passingham 09 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments OPINION Did Sony just upset the PC gaming crowd with the launch of its PS4 Pro? PC gaming fan Michael Passingham explores the first-ever '4K' gaming console. Amidst a sea of well-targeted negativity surrounding Sony’s omission of an Ultra HD Blu-ray drive, a seriously impressive technical achievement seems to have been lost: Sony has produced the first games console in history to output games at a resolution greater than Full HD, which steers it into territory that only custom-built gaming PCs costing in excess of £500 have been able to achieve. In our Best Gaming PC spec guide, resident custom builder Ed Chester managed to construct this PC for around £500. Granted, it's slightly more powerful and has loads more storage, but if you're playing on a TV a few feet away, you can spend a lot less on a PS4 Pro and get (possibly) a very similar experience. ___________________ The £500 gaming PC: CPU: Intel Pentium G4400 – £54 at Overclockers.co.uk | $60 at Amazon.com Motherboard: ASRock H170A-X1 – £73 at Scan.co.uk | $73.99 at Amazon.com RAM: Corsair Vengeance LPX 8GB 2400MHz, 2 x 4GB – £36 at Ebuyer.com | $44 at Amazon.com Graphics card: AMD Radeon RX 480 4GB – £209 at Ebuyer.com | $249 at Newegg.com SSD: 120GB Kingston SSDNow V300 – £39 at Amazon.co.uk | $43 at Amazon.com HDD: WD Blue 1TB – £39 at Amazon.co.uk | $49 at Amazon.com Power Supply: Corsair VS450 – £33 at Amazon.co.uk | $58 at Amazon.com Case: BitFenix Nova – £26 at Overclockers UK | $40 at Amazon.com Cooler: Included with CPU Windows 10: £75 ___________________ And that's before we get into buying a controller. As a die-hard fan of PC gaming, I have to admit I'm impressed with what Sony has done. It has produced the most powerful console available today for a much lower price than many would have imagined. There are several ingredients to this success. First is AMD’s Polaris architecture. The fruits of this labour can be seen in the company’s Radeon RX 480 graphics card that retails for under £200 in its 4GB guise. It’s a card that’s capable of smooth Full HD (1080p) gaming at Ultra settings on PC and good 1440p performance at Ultra, too.AMD's RX 480 was a game-changer when it arrived earlier this year The addition of Polaris-based hardware to the PS4 Pro has given the console mid-range gaming PC levels of performance in terms of raw, brute-force power. In fact, the chip inside is exactly the same as the one in the RX 480 (albeit at a slightly slower clock speed), which is a great sign. This in itself is impressive, but it’s actually some software wizardry from both Sony and AMD that has allowed the graphics chip to perform far beyond its specifications would suggest. Indeed, without this new technology, there’s no way the PS4 Pro would be able to get even close to the visual fidelity that’s been claimed. Related: PS4 Pro vs Xbox One S What have they done? For 4K upscaling, the prevailing theory is that the PS4 Pro renders double the number of pixels to Full HD (around 2,688 x 1,512 according to Digital Foundry) and then uses advanced upscaling technology to delicately massage it up to 4K resolution. This is done by using clever anti-aliasing algorithms that take an intelligent look at a set of pixels and decide how to upscale them. The result? Sharper-looking transitions between objects, more detailed images and none of that horrible, blurry softness you get with the most basic upscaling tech. This means the GPU only has to render double the number of pixels to Full HD instead of six times for 4K. That makes a huge difference to performance. It’s never going to be as good as true 4K, but the promise is that many games will be able to run at the crucial 60fps at this upscaled resolution, which is unheard of for a GPU of this calibre. If developers are actually able to make this happen, this is a huge deal. Watch PS4 Pro: Everything you need to know This house of cards is held up over the assumption that the player is plugging the PS4 Pro into a TV that’s a few feet away from them. The closer you get, the more obvious this anti-aliasing will appear. If you game on a TV that’s, say, 10 feet away, it’ll be a lot harder to see the slightly softer image created through this anti-aliasing tech. If you play on a monitor that’s on your desk, mere inches away, you might be disappointed. Until someone on the Trusted team has seen it with their own eyes, this is purely speculation. Don’t have a 4K TV? Don’t fret: the PS4 Pro could still be for you. The suggestion is that PS4 Pro owners will be able to play games at higher graphical settings if their console is hooked up to a Full HD TV. If this turns out to be a seamless experience, this could be a very tempting upgrade path for current PS4 owners who don’t yet have the cash to buy a 4K TV. Bottom line: getting this sort of performance on a compact living room PC for £349 is impossible right now. While I am disappointed Sony hasn’t bothered to include an SSD instead of a clunky old mechanical hard disk, it’s an impressive piece of kit.The Xbox Scorpio could still be a threat Of course, you can’t write a piece like this without acknowledging the Xbox Scorpio. We know that it’ll be around 50% more powerful than the PS4 Pro when it launches at the end of next year, which is certainly not to be sniffed at. But without a price or any further details, it’s entirely up to buyers as to whether they’ll wait a year or buy a PS4 Pro right now. Custom PC builders need not fear: there are still enormous advantages to building your own PC, not least the ability to upgrade the graphics card every two or three years when gaming technology advances. That, and the fact actually buying PC games is a lot cheaper in the long run. The so-called 'PC Master Race' probably isn’t worried, but everybody else looking for higher quality graphics on consoles should be delighted. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Do you agree with Michael? Let us hear your thoughts in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Paul September 10, 2016, 1:52 am To be honest as a PC gamer I wasn't really that impressed with PS4 Pro, it's made the PC seem more appealing and cheaper, also I think they should've focused on 1080p 60fps upscale to 4k and not try to do native 4k because the power isn't there, it could also backfire for Sony because they keep going on about 4k this 4k that and many console gamers are going to think it's 4k native when hardly any games will be, many might end up feeling conned over time. Also, anyone thats got a half decent rigs will think it's not worth getting the PS4 Pro when they can plop in a better gpu in the PC for less money, and with no online sub, cheaper games and DX12 and Vulkan that will likely make PC gaming even cheaper and more powerful in the long run, I have to wonder why Sony would try to compete with the PC because they can't win that unless they are willing to bump up the price a lot and even then it's unlikely. Fleetwood September 10, 2016, 5:17 am Not impressed. This is just clearly a path to satisfy the console crowd from abandoning the PS(console) ecosystem for more raw performance elsewhere. Couple points to clear out; - There isn't much to support this being a underclock RX480 <--To early to call it out. - $400-500 "gaming" computers are mostly 1st timers getting their feet wet (entry-level market, nothing to worry about) - Playstation always had the lower-level GNM api, PC now has Vulkan(Thanks AMD ;) The console space was in need of a faster hardware release change to satisfy the market. So seems the incremental hardware updates are here to stay. Every 4 years expect a new "incremental" hardware release of the previous console. This can be good for the console crowd but still pales in comparison to what the PC enjoys. IMO, this just shows how desperate and fragile the console space is. Hopefully Nintendo continues in their own path. L4lefty September 10, 2016, 11:10 am This Pc vs Console debate is quite frankly, boring...and yet, amusing at the same time. Your bias is clear, which is your prerogative of course. But, I'd suggest your lack of perspective and tediously dismissive attitude towards individuals (not a crowd) who chose a platform you don't, simply perpetuates the negative stereotype that gamers and their pursuits are childish. You presumably enjoy your chosen hardware, good for you...To each their own. Sun Streaker September 10, 2016, 1:43 pm If it is to each their own, then why not leave him to it?, why take the high horse?. Fleetwood September 10, 2016, 4:25 pm There isn't a debate of which is the superior platform in my eyes, to each their own. Something you fail to realize, and where am I displaying a "dismissive" attitude? Just because I wasn't impressed? There is no entitlement when someone simply points out the facts in this sudden, major change from the console space. Recount the last 10 years of what was stated by console titans themselves; console, lasts more than 5 years without ever needing to upgrade, game visuals/performance is the same for all on the same game per console, just plug-in-play, never needing higher visuals/FPS to play a great game, etc... It's simply that the traditional console lifestyle has changed drastically from what it once was. -Do I think that's bad? No. -Do I hate consoles? No. -Do I bring false information to slander the author or console fans? No. It was painfully obvious the PS4 Pro was meant as an alternative against the PC from the get go. Here's a quote where Sony boss speaks to Guardian: - Regarding the PlayStation 4 Pro, he suggested the Xbox wasn’t even being considered its main competition. Rather, it was the PC. “I saw some data that really influenced me,” he said. “It suggested that there’s a dip mid-console lifecycle where the players who want the very best graphical experience will start to migrate to PC, because that’s obviously where it’s to be had. We wanted to keep those people within our eco-system by giving them the very best and very highest [performance quality]. So the net result of those thoughts was PlayStation 4 Pro – and, by and large, a graphical approach to game improvement.” Sizzor September 10, 2016, 6:30 pm Game are rendering at 1440p and then upscaled to 4k with some anti aliasing algorithm.I think only games will look nice will be playstation exclusive titles like God of wars etc. rest of the 3rd party title will just upscaled version and will get worse as the console life cycle degrades. If on a budget it is a better option. L4lefty September 10, 2016, 9:22 pm To each their own...opinion. My opinion is, terms like 'desperate and fragile', and 'pales in comparison' hide a thinly veiled PC master race snobbery. I don't have to prove my point, or even qualify what I write, the same as Fleetwood doesn't. Is that okay with you? :-) Sun Streaker September 11, 2016, 9:11 am But you don't need to prove and yet you somehow call yourself right in this situation and he doesn't have to prove either and yet he's somehow wrong?. I believe you're twisting this to benefit your own side rather than admitting that you took the high horse the moment you entered the stable. Also "pales in comparison" isn't a negative way to describe something. You could have a scientist tell you that our planet pales in comparison to the sun in terms of size, energy etc and you shouldn't *choose* to feel offended, same goes for fragile. The smiley face at the end tells me that you're not really taking this in stride and that you're eventually going to crack down with witty retorts, I hope to god I'm wrong and that you don't go down that path, because that's what a good chunk of random folks end up going with on the net. L4lefty September 11, 2016, 11:57 am The smiley face was my attempt to calm you down, as you seem quite angry for some reason, and you've taken this all very personally and seriously. You hope to God you're wrong about what I write, and how...really? Hopefully this reply fits in with your expectations and how you'd hoped to control, or stifle conversation...I have no wish to cause you more anxiety, so I'll leave you to the self-aggrandizing weirdness. All the best :-) Edonus September 11, 2016, 12:02 pm The second some one says forget 4k Blu Rays I know they are full of crap and cant be trusted. I am a gamer. I dont like gaming on PC but understand why some do and am not opposed to some of the benefits PC gamers get like better performance and graphics in my games. But.... I am also an entertainment consumer. As the TV and tech get bigger and better I grow with them. Not at audiophile or videophile levels but when HD became a thing I bought a 32in 720p, then later 2 plasmas 42 and 50in 1080p tvs over the last 8 years. 4k is the new thing about 4 months ago I bought a 55in 4k tv....... soon to buy a 55-70in 4k tv because the sales rep didnt tell me anything about HDR. Now.... with that said I want some real 4k content for my current and future TV. I play X1 games and they look great to me..... sure they can probably look better but Halo 5 looks awesome, and I am sure Gears 4 will too. I could get a Ps4 Pro and get a decent I guess bump in some games and that would be nice but it would not be using my 4k tv to its fullest. Now I have an Xbox One and am looking at a One S..... sure the game will not be as nice looking as the Ps4 Pro but my movies will with the 4k Blu Ray player. Right now that is the only device that will make having a 4k TV really worth it...... I am going to try and hold out for the Scorpio but it gets hard. Ps4 Pro can still sell me if PsVR proves to be worthwhile. Sun Streaker September 11, 2016, 12:14 pm I'm actually quite relaxed at the time of writing that reply as well as the others, so no need to worry that much there. At last you have gone with the self fulfilling prophecy of the internet. Bob Sacamanto September 11, 2016, 1:07 pm The PS4 Pro is a lot of things, like UGLY, UNDERWHELMING, made of the CHEAP plastic and so on, but one thing it is not, and that is hugely impressive. Anyone who says it is, is either heavily influenced by Sony marketing, or a complete diehard Sony fanboy and by extension lacking in credibility. Fleming_007 September 11, 2016, 1:21 pm Frankly it is odd that sony isn't including 4k blu ray playback. In my case, I wasn't going to upgrade my 50+blu ray collection to 4k anyway. I just wanted to play ps4 exclusives and upscale my movies which ps4pro does ( I think?). If anything this actually got me thinking to purchase a 4k hdr tv so I can enjoy upscaled movies and upscaled ps4 titles. Yeah its not real 4k and I'm ok with this since I already have a gaming PC capable of native 1440p. YOUDIEMOFO September 11, 2016, 1:30 pm Yeah, so save that money on the gimped experience you will get and spend that on a capable TV!? It's only going to be like $1200 to get a decent one, so I guess the goes your cheap console price for half the experience. And BTW streaming is no where near the capable quality of a physical disc, so the quality all around is a joke. YOUDIEMOFO September 11, 2016, 1:38 pm Came here just for the title of the article.... Because it is onlyclick bait. First off it is a lie and the author is lying because one will have to have a capable TV in order to take advantage of the PS4 PRO's feature set. Go ahead and look at all the video comparisons online.....they ALL say that one needs a 4K HDR capable screen in order to "actually see the difference.....!!" That is just watching a video on YouTube, but I guess the experience is going to change once you are sitting in front of your eight year old 1080p TV. This incremental system BS release is just that BS..... The newer system is to be held back by the older system and so forth.....they have even concluded that it was the case just by saying they had to keep the RAM for developmental "parity" sake!! When the "new NEW" drops in a couple years if not next year it will still be held back by the same developmental parity. That is unless they ditch the old all together and make an upgrade the only option they will still be coding backwards! Sony: "Hey........do we have a deal for you guys....!" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! The truth-ier September 11, 2016, 1:48 pm This is a terrible article, written by a sony fanboy, and no die hard PC gamer is going to build a mid range at best rig like that. The PS4 PRO is not impressive to any die hard PC Gamer, and your excuse in your opening is just a precursor to more crap. Jason V September 11, 2016, 1:54 pm What PC fanboys are forgetting is that these more powerful consoles may not gimp their games. As probably a few of you know consoles have held back the PC market for years. Having more powerful consoles allows for those games that are made on console first easier and less of a hassle for devs to port to PC in a higher resolution and graphical quality. Yes we all know the broken record story of "PC games look better" But this makes so much easier for devs in the long run. Imo PC gamers are the worse of all the fanboys. I game on 3 current gen platforms (including some PC), retro consoles and a few handhelds. I don't really care too much about what a game looks like or try to prove a corporation is better than another. Because really they are not. All just want your money. Whether it's SONY vs MS, Nvidia vs AMD or Intel vs AMD. So put your money where your mouth is, shutup and stop being an arse. Just enjoy gaming. Hvd September 11, 2016, 2:00 pm a die hard pc gamer impressed by 4k upscaleing?...lmao i have herd it all now. LordCancer Kain September 11, 2016, 2:50 pm edit- Fleming_007 September 11, 2016, 2:50 pm Reading must be hard for you. Matthew Bunton September 11, 2016, 5:03 pm It's an opinion piece you fool. Matthew Bunton September 11, 2016, 5:06 pm Why not its a small £350 console offering near to 4k quality graphics albeit via 1440p etc. scaling and some clever algorithms. Kelarth September 11, 2016, 5:28 pm Hardcore PC gamer impressed with 4K upscaling that isn't really even 4K. Stop it we all know that TrustedReviews is just another Sony shill site. Kelarth September 11, 2016, 5:30 pm An opinion piece written by a fool for other fools. Hvd September 11, 2016, 5:37 pm lol near 4k quality you are sipping the sony koolaid.its upscaled from 900p or 1080p uts a $400 console thats doing UPSCALED 4K/30FPS..lol. you are just paying $400 for upscale ...lol Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
SearchDataCenter Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchDataCenter SearchWindowsServer SearchEnterpriseLinux SearchServerVirtualization SearchCloudComputing Topic Data center networks Networks and storage View All Converged infrastructure (CI) Enterprise data storage strategies Networking hardware Storage hardware in the data center Data center ops View All Business concerns Data center disaster recovery Data center jobs, professional development Compliance and governance Data center facilities View All Data center servers View All Converged infrastructure Mainframes Linux servers Microsoft Windows Server in the data center Server hardware Networks and storage View All Converged infrastructure (CI) Enterprise data storage strategies Networking hardware Data center networks Storage hardware in the data center Data center systems management View All Monitoring tools Cloud and the data center Data center hosting Data center automation Data center capacity planning Configuration and DevOps Emerging IT workload types Virtualization Topics Archive View All Application performance management Blade servers Data center backup power and power distribution Data center cooling Data center design and construction Data center energy efficiency Data center hosted services Data Center Issues in the Channel Data center networking Data center physical security and fire suppression Data center storage Data center systems concerns for value-added resellers (VARs) iSeries - data center IT Compliance: SOX and HIPAA in the data center IT Governance: ITIL, ITSM, COBIT Mainframe jobs Mainframe Linux, IBM System z Mainframe migration projects Mainframe operating systems and management Mainframe security and disaster recovery Managing data center outsourcing services, vendors Microsoft Windows Server Network cabling Network management strategies for the data center Server hardware packaging, recycling, e-waste Storage Virtualization Server management for Windows administrators Server virtualization tips and trends Storage management in the data center Systems management for virtual servers Unix servers Please select a category Data center ops Data center facilities Data center servers Networks and storage Data center systems management Section Evaluate News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities WavebreakMediaMicro - Fotolia Open source technology gains steam in data center, but challenges loom by Tim Culverhouse Assistant site editor Despite new developments with the Open Compute Project and other groups, challenges remain when it comes to open source implementation in the data center. Explore them with these FAQs. This Article Covers Data center networks RELATED TOPICS Converged infrastructure (CI) Enterprise data storage strategies Networking hardware Storage hardware in the data center Looking for something else? Test your knowledge of fiber optic cables Full SDDC architecture adoption remains in the distant future Leaf-spine architecture meets new data center traffic demands TECHNOLOGIES Data center servers Open source software + Show More In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Facebook Wedge switch still a curiosity in the ... – SearchNetworking Microsoft open tech promises switch hardware ... – SearchNetworking QLogic Corp. backs Open Compute Project with FC HBA ... – SearchStorage Sponsored News OpenFlow and Enterprise Networks Explained –Dell Delivering Business Intelligence and Data Analytics on Converged Systems –Dell See More Vendor Resources Open Source Integration Software in the Enterprise –Red Hat Computer Weekly – 25 March 2014: Get kids coding –ComputerWeekly.com As open source technology evolves over the years, a community of developers and IT teams from around the world have shared software code and hardware specs. But a lack of unification and vendor support has, in some cases, stalled its adoption in the enterprise. Initiatives like the Open Compute Project (OCP), however, have increased the interest in open source, as organizations push the concept in their data centers. Here are frequently asked questions that examine recent advances in open source technology, as well as the benefits and challenges of using these technologies in the data center. How does open source technology benefit data center admins? Open source technology can bridge the gap between common data center issues in various locations around the world -- a problem that occurs in one location is likely to occur in another. The sharing of specs and code, along with the flexibility to edit or manage that code based on the needs of specific users, allows administrators to fix problems based on similar situations in other data centers. With open source technology -- be it software, hardware or a cloud platform -- users can minimize the costly IT purchases and upgrades associated with proprietary offerings, and instead utilize code already available through open source sharing. This can also prevent vendor lock-in, as users can pick and choose the features or services they want, based on their needs. What are some of the latest open source projects from the OCP? Google and major telecom companies, such as AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications, are making waves in the OCP, an open source initiative that aims to push more efficient server and data center designs. When a primary driver to switch to open source is the financial aspect, spending money on the necessary support can create a dilemma. Google teamed up with Rackspace to develop Open Compute servers that will use IBM's Power9 CPU after its release in 2017. The move signifies Google's challenge of Intel's dominance in the CPU market. Google also released blueprints of its 48V server architecture, marking the first time that Google publicized designs through open means. The design focuses primarily on the power mechanisms that Google uses, shifting away from alternating current lines to an approach that reduces cooling requirements and boosts efficiency. In the telecom industry, AT&T and Verizon recently joined the OCP Telco Project with the goal of sharing information on data center hardware and networking. Adoption on a wider scale remains slow -- despite financial and oil exploration companies using the technology -- but cost considerations are pushing companies toward open source channels. What other open source data center initiatives are there besides the OCP? A new data center open standard has emerged that offers an alternative to some of the more complicated designs associated with the OCP. The Open19 project, launched by LinkedIn Corp., attempts to appeal to a wider base than the OCP, focusing on servers and related equipment in a 19-inch data center rack. Using multiple vendors is a way to avoid vendor lock-in -- a big appeal for Open19, as smaller organizations want to find open source opportunities. The project also looks to shrink shared hardware in the rack and remove power supply units in servers. LinkedIn hopes to push the standard into a wider base, while coexisting with the OCP as another option for data center standards across different-sized racks. VMware's new Project Photon -- a container-friendly platform to support cloud-native applications -- was also recently added to the open source mix. In conjunction with the new Photon OS, Project Photon aims to smooth the transition from server virtualization to managing cloud-native apps on an open source operating system. The move signifies a push from VMware toward container workloads, and could be a draw for developers. What's the biggest challenge data center admins face with open source technology? When deploying or running open source technology, the lack of professional support can leave IT scrambling. Even after combing through search engine results and discussion boards, admins still might not have an answer for an urgent question. Professional support is lacking with open source tools, and although some vendors offer support services, they often comes at a cost. When a primary driver to switch to open source is the financial aspect, spending money on the necessary support can create a dilemma. Some larger companies have the resources -- both from a financial and staffing standpoint -- to support open source hardware and software in the data center, but smaller organizations often struggle to do so. When will open source become more prominent in IT, and what's holding it back? Since Facebook launched the OCP in 2011, larger companies have made the shift toward open source adoption -- but smaller ones linger behind. There's no telling when, exactly, open source and OCP will be the go-to when it comes to data center hardware and software infrastructure, as problems with staffing and support still hamper movements for small-scale operations. However, the market for open source platforms such as OpenStack continues to grow. OpenStack revenues will exceed $2 billion by 2017, according to analyst firm 451 Research. Much of that growth will be in the service provider market, but OpenStack distributions and IT training services are projected to drive growth in the enterprise, as well. With over 600 companies in attendance at the 2016 OCP Summit, including Microsoft, Apple, Google and larger financial services firms, the momentum for open source products seems to be picking up steam at big-name companies. The leaders of the pack are making waves in the field, but adoption remains low in smaller data centers. In production-style deployments, OCP is still off in the future. Next Steps Big names in data center support OCP Explore Facebook's OCP in action Take this open source cloud test This was last published in September 2016 Dig Deeper on SDN and other network strategies All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Navigate recent changes to data center networking architecture Test your knowledge of fiber optic cables Shutterstock CIO shares SDDC architecture lessons learned Explore fiber optic cable types and their effects on the data center Load More View All Delivering composable infrastructure holds SDDC key for HPE Data center experts predict 2016 IT trends Simpler management motivates Ethernet SAN investments A who's who of white box switch vendors Load More View All News Full SDDC architecture adoption remains in the distant future SD-WAN benefits create serious competition for MPLS Get in the know about data center Ethernet leaf-spine (leaf-spine architecture) Load More View All Get started Test your knowledge of fiber optic cables Full SDDC architecture adoption remains in the distant future Leaf-spine architecture meets new data center traffic demands A closer look at SDN vs. traditional networking Load More View All Evaluate Explore fiber optic cable types and their effects on the data center SD-WAN, NFV deployment leads software-defined networking charge Lack of open source support continues to pose IT challenge Draw up a data center network diagram you'll actually use Load More View All Manage Navigate recent changes to data center networking architecture Shutterstock CIO shares SDDC architecture lessons learned Draw up a data center network diagram you'll actually use Microsegmentation lets software define network security Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook A closer look at SDN vs. traditional networking Tim Culverhouse asks: What challenges has your organization experienced while implementing open source technology in the data center? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 2 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Tim Culverhouse - 9 Sep 2016 5:00 AM What challenges has your organization experienced while implementing open source technology in the data center? Add My Comment Cancel   [-] Sharon Fisher - 21 Sep 2016 11:23 PM I was surprised not to see Facebook's work in this area (other than founding the organization) mentioned more prominently. Seems like they do a lot. Also, I don't know whether Backblaze is formally a member, but they certainly do a lot to talk about the best way to design storage pods. Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Windows Server Enterprise Linux Server Virtualization Cloud Computing SearchWindowsServer Use Windows PowerShell DSC to construct file servers from scratch Administrators can take control over the deployment of common resources, such as Windows-based file servers, using PowerShell ... Windows Server 2016 networking features bolster control, security Windows Server 2016 boasts improved load balancing and new ways to protect the data center from DoS attacks. Microsoft closes zero-day exploit in November Patch Tuesday Microsoft's November Patch Tuesday seals a zero-day vulnerability, while Windows administrators seem to be taking October's debut... SearchEnterpriseLinux SUSE Linux jumps on the open private cloud deployment train SUSE Linux Enterprise planning private cloud deployment with OpenStack weight behind it. NVIDIA works on Linux drivers for ... Want one of the many Linux jobs out there? Time to go back to class Does extended education from the Linux Foundation and others help graduates meet the demands of today’s Linux jobs? Some say yes. Ubuntu ARM server AMI for Amazon EC2 offers fast access in the cloud Canonical’s Ubuntu ARM server AMI for Amazon EC2 provide open source shops with a fast ARM server for the cloud. SearchServerVirtualization How the Dell EMC acquisition will affect employees and customers The Dell EMC acquisition brought together redundant products that were once competitors, which means customers need to keep an ... VSphere Integrated Containers update from VMware's Kit Colbert Get insight on the evolution and current status of VMware's vSphere Integrated Containers from the company's VP and GM of the ... Secure containers by anticipating and addressing potential risks Incorporate lessons learned from hypervisor virtualization and effectively navigate common concerns, such as user access controls... SearchCloudComputing Managing a cloud resource pool for hybrid environments Cloud sprawl negatively affects enterprises by increasing IT costs and lowering efficiency. And with hybrid clouds, in particular... Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud Multifactor authentication is a critical step for securing IT apps and resources. Explore options for enabling and managing this ... Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Apple Inc. Is Likely Using 10-Nanometer Tech for A10X It's a matter of economics with a side benefit of better performance. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 9, 2016 at 10:45AM Image source: Apple.  A little while back, KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo (via DIGITIMES) claimed that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next-generation tablet processor, which is likely to be dubbed the A10X or A10X Fusion, will be manufactured using Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) 10-nanometer technology. By contrast, the A10 Fusion chip inside of the recently announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, is manufactured using TSMC's more mature 16-nanometer manufacturing technology. In this column, I'd like to offer up a potential explanation for why Apple may opt to adopt 10-nanometer for A10X. A question of economics According to Apple, the A10 Fusion chip is made up of 3.3 billion transistors. I estimate that on TSMC's 16-nanometer manufacturing technology, this chip will be quite large. To estimate just how large the A10 Fusion is, note that the Apple A8 chip -- manufactured in TSMC's 20-nanometer technology -- packed more than 2 billion transistors (per Apple) into an area of 89 square millimeters (per Chipworks). Since TSMC's 16-nanometer technology didn't provide a meaningful area reduction over its 20-nanometer technology, a crude estimate of the A10 Fusion's die size based on the A8 would peg it at approximately 147 square millimeters. That's gigantic for a smartphone chip. Heck, the majority of microprocessor giant Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) laptop/desktop processors aren't even that big. Given that the A10X is likely to cram in even more graphics cores and potentially other features over the A10, the chip would necessarily be well in excess of 150 square millimeters in TSMC's 16-nanometer technology. This would be doable, but it could be quite expensive. A move to 10-nanometer should help costs The A10X chip implemented in TSMC's 10-nanometer technology would be significantly smaller than the same chip manufactured in TSMC's 16-nanometer technology. Assuming that the area reduction that 10-nanometer brings more than offsets the wafer cost increase associated with moving from 16-nanometer to 10-nanometers, the A10X should be cheaper to build on 10-nanometers. Another factor that could further tilt costs in favor of the 10-nanometer node for the A10X would be yields. TSMC's 16-nanometer technology should be quite mature at this point, but it is well known that -- all else equal -- manufacturing yields of larger chips tend to be worse than those of smaller chips. Assuming that TSMC's 10-nanometer technology is generally healthy when it comes time to ramp the A10X into production, yields on A10X on 10-nanometer may simply be better than yields of a hypothetical, equivalent A10X on TSMC's 16-nanometer technology. There's a performance/power benefit, too Although the main benefit in transitioning from 16-nanometer to 10-nanometer should be cost, TSMC does claim some performance/power benefits to its 10-nanometer technology relative to its 16-nanometer technology. The performance benefit should allow Apple to wring out a bit more performance than it otherwise would have been able to on the 16-nanometer technology. Expect a performance monster with A10X Apple's A10 Fusion is already a monster mobile chip, and I suspect that the iDevice maker has something very impressive cooking with its next-generation iPad chip. Apple's chip designs are generally impressive irrespective of the manufacturing technology used, but the transition to 10-nanometer should help with both cost and performance. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 9, 2016 at 10:45AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.09 up $0.14 (0.13%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.47 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Reliable Analyst Leaks Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Details If Apple Dumped Intel in the Mac, This Supplier Still Wouldn't Win Big Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Microsoft Smartphones Business The Channel Double-negative tweet could be Microsoft Surface Phone hint Trolling or typo? Take a look-see 9 Sep 2016 at 15:02, Andrew Orlowski Andrew Orlowski Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Copyright, Mobile Networks, Nokia, Smartphones, Google Recent Articles James Dyson's new startup: A university for engineers that doesn't suck We're great, you don't understand competition law, Google tells Europe ARMed and dangerous, Mate: Huawei slips new Cortex cores into Samsung Note killer Microsoft may have just confirmed a Surface Phone via a cryptic tweet. Laura Janet Baker appeared to confirm the long-rumoured flagship via a double negative. It could be the end of the silly season; judge for yourself. Rumours abound that Microsoft will kill off production of its current Lumia range by the end of the year. The brand has gradually been deprecated in favour of “Windows phone devices”. Only four Microsoft Windows 10 Lumias were ever announced, the fourth seven months ago. Their success can be measured by the fact Microsoft introduced a BOGOF (buy one, get one free ) offer in June in various markets, via AT&T in the USA, for example. Microsoft currently offers a bundle of a Lumia 950 case, screen protector and wireless charger for £312 or the larger 950 XL for £400.99. Top trolling Speculation about an Intel-powered Surface Phone – a marquee product leveraging the Surface brand, capable of running legacy x86/x86-64 apps – began to circulate when it became clear the mobile phone portfolio acquired from Nokia was being run down. The company confirmed as much in June. “We’ll lead with some high end and category innovation like we’ve done with Surface, and OEMs will go and build the breadth of the catalogue," Windows VP Kevin Gallo told us. The plan floundered when Intel pulled out of making any more LTE modems. HP has other ideas, though. It isn’t going to settle for the scraps in a negligible consumer market, having thrown the kitchen sink at its business-focussed Elite X3, and built a virtualisation service to pipe over the x86 apps that the phone can’t run natively. It’s hard to imagine what “category innovation” Microsoft can bring to the market, since all phone makers are stuck for ideas. Perhaps the Microsoft Surface Phone will be magnetic, and collect up all the stray earpieces your iPhone 7-toting friends have lost. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 49 Comments More from The Register Microsoft Azure sets up shop in France Bonjour, mes fluffy white amis 22 Comments What strange madness is this? Microsoft makes patch data RESTful Redmond's new security bulletin feed aims to stop cut and paste data dredging 4 Comments Windows Insiders are so passé, Microsoft now has Skype Insiders If call quality is even worse than usual, this could be the reason 17 Comments Microsoft prises open Azure containers, pours in a little Kubernetes Azure Container Engine is now open source Microsoft reveals career-enhancing .PNG files 'Digital Badges' will tell the world you drank Redmond's certification=credibility Kool Aid 24 Comments Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Друг познаётся в беде́ 33 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
YOURERIE 70° Erie Clear Sponsored By YOURERIE 70° Erie Clear Sections News Weather Sections News Local News National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Nittany Nation Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Lifestyle Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Horoscopes Healthy Seniors Cancer Care Green Living Automotive Essentials Real Estate Essentials Education Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement In Style Recipes for Success About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass YourErie 2Go Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday News Weather Community Business Directory Video Center Contests TV Schedule Don't Miss Site Relevance Date Search Site Relevance Date Search News Local News National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Nittany Nation Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Lifestyle Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Horoscopes Healthy Seniors Cancer Care Green Living Automotive Essentials Real Estate Essentials Education Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement In Style Recipes for Success About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass YourErie 2Go Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday Former intel briefer: 'Wildly unlikely' Trump correct Trump: 'I'm pretty good with the body language' By Nicole Gaouette Published 09/09 2016 09:33AM Updated 09/09 2016 09:33AM Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. WASHINGTON (CNN) Donald Trump might not have revealed state secrets, but his controversial description Wednesday night of the agents who gave him his recent intelligence briefings still caused waves. At an NBC commander in chief forum with the presidential candidates, Trump said that the intelligence briefers had indicated through "body language" that they were "not happy" because "our leaders did not follow what they were recommending." In fact, he said, President Barack Obama and his former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, had done "exactly the opposite" of what the intelligence community recommended. The remarks left intelligence professionals scratching their heads and Republicans scrambling to interpret their candidate's remarks -- because if they're true, they mark a radical departure from decades of standard practice. Since the intelligence community began briefing presidential candidates in the 1950s, a central pillar of their approach has been to focus on explaining global situations, not offering advice about them, according to David Priess, a former intelligence briefer for President George W. Bush. "Wildly unlikely, let me tell you," Priess said of Trump's description of his briefings. "Intel briefers do not make policy recommendations. Period." A national security expert familiar with the process said Trump's briefers would not have expressed displeasure in any way. That expert asked to speak anonymously because of political sensitivities. Intelligence analysts and briefers present assessments of global situations to try to reduce uncertainties for an administration making policy decisions, Priess and other former briefers said. They do not recommend a course of action. Doling out policy advice, Priess said, is "the third rail of intelligence -- you don't touch it." The senior-level intelligence teams that Director of National Intelligence James Clapper set up to handle the candidates' briefings are career military and intelligence officers, not political appointees, and wouldn't make such a "rookie mistake," he said. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence refused to comment. In contrast, the picture Trump painted seemed quite different. In a commander in chief forum on NBC, Trump said he received briefings from experts on Iraq, Iran and Russia, and that one thing had "shocked" him. "It just seems to me that what they said, President Obama and Hillary Clinton and John Kerry -- who is another total disaster -- did exactly the opposite," he said, mentioning the current secretary of state. He went on to say that he learned "that our leadership, Barack Obama, did not follow what our experts ... said to do." "I could tell," Trump added. "I'm pretty good with the body language. I could tell they were not happy. Our leaders did not follow what they were recommending." Trump advisor Mike Flynn, who attended the briefings with the candidate, supported Trump's comments in an interview with NBC. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, said he also saw briefers convey displeasure with White House policy. "I sure did ... in a very specific way," said Flynn, who added that intelligence officers made distinctions between their briefing points and White House policy, according to NBC. Some Republicans asked about the comments made by their party's presidential nominee took issue -- if cautiously -- with his characterization. "Typically, I will say, with intelligence briefings they really attempt not to give you a direction," Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee told CNN's Jake Tapper. Corker complained that Tapper's question put him in a "personality referee position, which is not a position that I should be in or want to be in." He then echoed Priess' point that intelligence briefers "try to keep it to the facts of the intelligence gathering they've put together." Priess said it's possible, given that Trump has no prior experience with intelligence briefings, that the officers describing global hotspots said "something that he interpreted as a policy recommendation." The national security expert said it's also possible that the analysis presented by the briefers didn't align with the president's narrative. The source offered as an example Obama's 2014 reference to ISIS as a "JV team," when many in the intelligence community regarded it as a strong and growing threat. The other interpretation, Priess said, was that Trump is "seeking to politicize intel briefings he's received in a way that no other candidate has ever done." Trump's claims about his briefings weren't his first apparent inconsistency on intelligence matters. At Wednesday night's forum, Trump said he had "great respect for the people" who delivered his intel briefings. A day earlier, on FOX News' "Fox and Friends," Trump had been asked if he trusted intelligence. "Not so much from the people that have been doing it for our country," Trump said. Referring to the previous decade as "catastrophic," Trump said, "I won't use them, because they've made such bad decisions." Trump also took aim at the top tier of US military leaders Wednesday night, saying they'd been "reduced to rubble" by Obama. Asked about his plan to have generals submit a proposal to defeat ISIS when he's declared he knows more about the terror group than they do, Trump said, "Well, they'll probably be different generals, to be honest with you. I mean, I'm looking at the generals." A President Trump could do that, according to retired Col. Cedric Leighton, a former intelligence officer in the Air Force. But he'd face some hurdles as president that wouldn't exist for a CEO firing employees, he added. There are historical precedents for presidents handing their generals pink slips, but Trump wouldn't be able to simply slot in replacements on his own: Generals have to be approved by the Senate. In an institution like the military where leaders pick their replacements, Leighton said that a new face could be "hard to sell to the rank and file -- you have to consider morale and the ability of an organization like the Army or Air Force or Navy or Marine Corps to fall in line behind somebody who may not have the credentials they want." Leighton added, "It could be potentially disruptive to the services." Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. More Stories Driverless 'Roborace' car makes street track debut in Marrakech Buckingham Palace set for $458 million refurbishment After Matthew, NC residents have no home for holidays Don't Miss YourErie.com Golf Pass Bianchi Honda SkyCam Contests Ask the Professionals Your Wellness Network Connect with YourErie Community Calendar Latest News Local National Local National Millcreek officials sued over senior center case Homicide hearing underway for April shooting Local students to participate in Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Van catches on fire inside school district building Murder suspect's fate in hands of judge Driverless 'Roborace' car makes street track debut in Marrakech Buckingham Palace set for $458 million refurbishment After Matthew, NC residents have no home for holidays Officers buy bike for teen who walked hours to work Haha guys, this bird looks like Donald Trump Video Center Local News Local News Identity of body found near Ashtabula released Van catches on fire inside school district building Local students to participate in Macy's parade YourErie on Facebook YourErie on Twitter Jet PinPoint Weather on Facebook YourErie2Go iPhone App YourErie2Go Android App Up Next Driverless 'Roborace' car makes street track debut in Marrakech Meet the Team Download Apps Alerts TV Schedule Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. © 1998 - YourErie.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads EEO Report WJET FCC Public File WFXP FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Home Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion MacBook Pro 2016 vs. Razer Blade Stealth: Clash of High-End Laptops; Features and Specs Compared By Christian Ver Marcelo Sep 9, 2016 | 12:52 AM When it comes to premium high-end laptops, the MacBook Pro is a surefire frontrunner. However, there's the unpopular Razer lineup that only the gaming population probably knows about that boasts beast specs. How will the upcoming MacBook Pro 2016 stack up against the Razer Blade Stealth? Design and Form Factor The inconspicuous and iconic design of the MacBook Pro will make its way to the 2016 version. Shallower curves around the edges would give Apple's laptop a sleeker overall look and feel, along with the high-class chassis it boasts. The slightly heavier and bulkier body of the Razer Blade Stealth is built to be solid and sturdy. The black, sleek design rightfully earns the stealth branding, which houses the powerful internal specs of this gaming ultrabook. Yes, I want Breaking Christian News Submit Hardware The MacBook Pro 2016 is heavily rumored to sport Intel's sixth generation i5 or i7 Skylake processors. The graphics will be powered by the Polaris lineup from AMD. Novelty features such as the touch-enabled OLED strip atop the keyboard and Touch ID functionality are also integrated to the new MacBook iteration. As the Razer Blade Stealth is already confirmed, specs are already detailed. The Intel Core i7 also makes an appearance, complete with up to 16GB of RAM and a 128GB SSD storage. The Razer Blade Stealth also attaches to Razer Cores, boosting its graphics to the powerful Nvidia GTX 1080 for optimal gaming performance. Display The upcoming MacBook Pro 2016 is expected to support a Retina display. The 13-inch variant comes with a 2560 x 1600 resolution, while the 15-inch model comes with a 2880 x 1800 one. It is also said to be equipped with the True Tone technology that adjusts screen color based on ambient lighting. The smaller 12.5 inches of screen size of the Razer Blade Stealth is no slouch though. It is a touchscreen capable display and comes in two variants. The base model comes at 2K resolution with 2560 x 1440 resolution, and the 4K model comes in at a whopping 3840 x 2160 resolution, perfect for gaming. Battery The current MacBook Pro lineup already offers up to 10 hours of battery life for the 13-inch Retina version, and up to 8 hours for the 15-inch model. With the introduction of the power-efficient Skylake processor and software optimization through macOS Sierra, battery life is expected to last longer with the 2016 MacBook Pro. The 53.6 watt-hour battery of the Razer Blade Stealth seems to promise great battery life for the laptop. However, with a very high resolution screen, intense performance, and poor power management by the Windows 10, actual battery life clocks in at only about 4 to 5 hours. Pricing The current MacBook Pro starts at $1099, so the next generation MacBook Pro lineup is expected to stay within the same range. However, the Razer Blade Stealth starts retailing at $999.99, with incremental upgrades for additional SSD storage and display upgrade. Most Popular Stories Kurdish All-Female Militia Launches Offensive Against ISIS to Avenge Sex Slaves Popular Christian Mom Blogger Glennon Doyle Melton Reveals She Is Dating Female Soccer Star Abby Wambach Three months after announcing a separation from her longtime husband and father of her three children in August, popular Christian blogger and author Glennon Doyle Melton announced Sunday that she is in love with retired female U.S. soccer star Abby Wambach. What Was the Role of Prophecy in 2016 Election? As post-election analysis continue, some are noticing Christians who prophesied a Trump victory amid seemingly impossible political circumstances and unfavorable media predictions. Ben Carson Declines Trump's Offer for Cabinet Post, Says He Can Do More Outside Gov't Former Republican presidential candidate and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson has told The Christian Post that he has received "lots of offers" to work in the Donald Trump administration but stressed that he has no interest in serving a cabinet position or working inside the federal government. 97 Million Eligible Voters Did Not Vote in 2016 Election Although more than 231 million Americans are eligible to vote, more than 90 million of them did not exercise that right in the U.S. presidential elections held last Tuesday according to the United States Elections Project. Pastor, Mother and Daughter With 'Angelic' Voice Killed in Crash After Band Competition An Indiana pastor, his mother and one of his daughters were all killed in a tragic accident Sunday morning just hours after his daughter and her high school teammates had performed at a national band competition. Terms of Service Privacy Full Site © 2016 The Christian Post Company Swipe to read previous / next sections. Don't show this again! Got it!
null
Facebook allows small businesses to go global with international - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Select a Topic: Personal Finance Business Small Business Money home Print Facebook allows small businesses to go global with international ad-targeting tools Updated: Friday, September 9, 2016 9:00 AM EDT Image courtesy of Facebook From Digital TrendsMore>> Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and Cummins are latest companies accused of emissions cheating Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012. More >> Chrysler and engine supplier Cummins were named in a class-action lawsuit alleging the two companies conspired to hide excess emissions from diesel pickup trucks built between 2007 and 2012.More >> China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China. More >> China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China.More >> A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices. More >> A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices.More >> Ireland will bring the fight over Apple taxes all the way to the EU Court Ireland will bring the fight over Apple taxes all the way to the EU Court It looks like the fight between Ireland, Apple, and the EU is only set to escalate -- Ireland is prepared to bring that fight to EU courts. An order from the European Commission states Ireland charge Apple $14.5 billion in back taxes. More >> It looks like the fight between Ireland, Apple, and the EU is only set to escalate -- Ireland is prepared to bring that fight to EU courts. An order from the European Commission states Ireland charge Apple $14.5 billion in back taxes.More >> Digital will lets people leave behind more than just their worldly possessions Digital will lets people leave behind more than just their worldly possessions A new smart will service from LegalZoom wants to offer customers the chance to create a document that doesn't just deal with property and savings, but the entirety of your digital legacy. More >> A new smart will service from LegalZoom wants to offer customers the chance to create a document that doesn't just deal with property and savings, but the entirety of your digital legacy.More >> Now you don't have to buy a fancy new car just to get Android Auto Now you don't have to buy a fancy new car just to get Android Auto A major new update for Android Auto, Google's in-car entertainment platform, negates the need for a fancy head unit or new car: supported phones and tablets now run the interface. More >> A major new update for Android Auto, Google's in-car entertainment platform, negates the need for a fancy head unit or new car: supported phones and tablets now run the interface.More >> California mom arrested for selling homemade food through Facebook California mom arrested for selling homemade food through Facebook A California mother of six could end up in jail for up to a year for selling homemade food on Facebook. The details surrounding Marina Ruelas' arrest, and that of her fellow social sellers, is even more fascinating than her crime. More >> A California mother of six could end up in jail for up to a year for selling homemade food on Facebook. The details surrounding Marina Ruelas' arrest, and that of her fellow social sellers, is even more fascinating than her crime.More >> Do you live in one of the 19 states that ban polling place photos? Do you live in one of the 19 states that ban polling place photos? That #ballotselfie could get you in trouble -- Taking a photo of your ballot is only legal in 19 states (and Washington D.C.), despite ongoing lawsuits. Do you live in a state that bans ballot photography?More >> That #ballotselfie could get you in trouble -- Taking a photo of your ballot is only legal in 19 states (and Washington D.C.), despite ongoing lawsuits. Do you live in a state that bans ballot photography?More >> You can’t vote in the U.S. election by text, despite what Twitter ‘ads’ may say You can’t vote in the U.S. election by text, despite what Twitter ‘ads’ may say If you think you’ve already got your vote in for Hillary Clinton after texting it, then think again. More >> If you think you’ve already got your vote in for Hillary Clinton after texting it, then think again.More >>    By Saqib Shah Provided by With 1.65 billion users scattered around the world, Facebook is a truly global social network. The platform is now making it easier than ever for local businesses to tap into that worldwide audience. Facebook has updated its “lookalike audiences” targeting tool to allow businesses to easily reach people in new countries that are similar to their existing customers. In the past, business pages would have to manually target international users with detailed analytics, now Facebook automatically does the hard part. Facebook is also expanding its location-targeting tools with a focus on the global. Business users now have the broad option of setting their ad targets to reach users “worldwide,” or by region (i.e. Europe). Facebook also allows pages to set the ad-targeting field by free trade area. Facebook claims that by automating a process that previously relied on manual “guess work” it has freed up businesses to “explore new markets.” Related: Facebook fine-tuning app install ads, allowing better targeting by developers Not only does Facebook want to help businesses create ads, it is also offering to teach them about potential global customers. To this end, the company has produced a document known as the “Cross-Border Business Handbook,” which is available to download for free for business users. The publication includes data on markets including the U.S., UK, France, Germany, Brazil, Canada, Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand and Australia, and anecdotal information on how businesses “are successfully using Facebook and Instagram to grow around the world.” The platform is also hosting online webinars that deal with business trends, ad analytics, and global audiences. Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg shared a characteristically personal message about the new tools via her Facebook profile. Referring to her great-grandparents’ local paint store in New York, which relied on word-of-mouth marketing, she claimed that technology (like Facebook) can now power businesses to go global like never before. “Today we’re launching new solutions to make it even easier for businesses to reach the people who matter to them,” said Sandberg. “Instead of expanding country-by-country, businesses can use these tools to grow customer-by-customer – whether they’re around the block or across the globe.”   This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, Frankly Media and KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation’s Server Processors to Get Large Boost in 2017 This Fool expects great things from Intel's server chip biz during the second half of 2017. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 9, 2016 at 8:15AM An Intel server processor. Image source: Intel. Earlier this year, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) launched Xeon E5 and Xeon E7 processors based on its Broadwell architecture, and built using the company's 14-nanometer manufacturing technology. These processors offered improved performance and power efficiency, and according to Intel CFO Stacy Smith, are expected to help drive up the company's server processor average selling prices during the second half of 2016. Although there's obviously reason to be enthusiastic about the ramp of the Broadwell server parts, I believe that next year's product line should be even more exciting. Here's why. New platforms, new cores, and enhanced manufacturing technology The Broadwell-based server chips that Intel recently launched don't bring with them a new platform. The chips themselves get faster, but they plug into the same motherboards as the prior-generation Haswell-EP parts. The next-generation server chips are expected to use an all-new platform, known as the Purley platform. By virtue of the new platform/motherboards, Intel will be able to offer up a wide range of enhancements, which you can read about here. However, while the new platform is nice, the enhanced performance that will come as a result of the combination of a new processor architecture, as well as an improved manufacturing technology, should prove quite attractive. The first processor that the Purley platform will support is known as Skylake-EP. Skylake-EP is expected to use a new processor core known as Skylake Xeon, which is a beefed-up version of the Skylake processor core found in the company's current personal-computer processors. The new architecture alone should bring performance and power efficiency benefits. However, there's another thing that should further bolster the value proposition of Skylake-EP: an improved manufacturing technology. At its developer conference last month, Intel disclosed that it had developed a new version of its 14-nanometer technology, which it markets as 14-nanometer+, that performs 12% better than the original 14-nanometer technology. It's a virtual certainty that the new Skylake server chips will be manufactured using 14-nanometer+, which should allow the chipmaker to wring out additional performance beyond what the new architectures alone can provide. New chips could drive volume, average selling-price growth The introduction of the new platform could drive, perhaps, more exciting unit growth than this year's new processor-on-an-existing platform will be able to. Additionally, I expect that Intel will continue its practice of introducing additional higher-end processor models in order to try to continue the trend of its customers buying an increasingly rich product mix -- which you can read about here. So, for 2017, I'm optimistic that Intel's data-center group will benefit from fairly robust unit demand for a new platform. I also think that the company's average selling-price growth should continue. When will these sales kick in? The most recent leaks suggest that Intel is planning to launch the Purley platform in the first half of 2017. An optimistic release date for these new processors would be exactly a year after the Broadwell-based server parts launched -- late March/early April of 2017 -- but I wouldn't be surprised if it took Intel a little longer to roll the platform out. From a timing perspective, I believe that investors will have to wait until the second half of 2017 for the revenue impact to be felt from the new product cycle. However, once it kicks in, I think Intel could be looking at a nice acceleration in revenue and unit growth. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 9, 2016 at 8:15AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New Updated 11/18/16 12:43 PM EST Early signs point to confirmation for Sessions By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor Senate Democrats have no leverage to stop him unless Republicans defect. 11/18/16 12:18 PM EST Source: Settlement near in Trump University litigation By Colby Hamilton and Josh Gerstein In an interview in March, Trump ruled out a settlement in the Trump University disputes. Updated 11/18/16 12:06 PM EST Trump names Mike Flynn national security adviser By Bryan Bender The retired lieutenant general’s hardline views on Islam — as well as laudatory statements about Russia — have made him a lightning rod, as did his strident... 11/18/16 11:36 AM EST Top Democrat seeks details about Mike Flynn's possible conflicts of interest By Bryan Bender “President-elect Trump promised during his campaign that he would ‘drain the swamp,’ but his top national security adviser is Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, whose... 11/18/16 11:13 AM EST Civil rights leaders savage Sessions By Josh Gerstein Trump declared that Sessions has great stature in the legal community. Updated 11/18/16 11:12 AM EST Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA By Elana Schor, Kyle Cheney, Alex Isenstadt and Louis Nelson The president-elect starts building out his administration with loyalists. 11/18/16 10:40 AM EST Sessions as AG raises stakes for Comey, Clinton By Kyle Cheney Donald Trump's selection of Sen. Jeff Session as his attorney general pick raises the stakes for FBI Director James Comey and Hillary Clinton, who have... Congress Updated 11/18/16 10:37 AM EST Meet the Rust Belt meditation guru challenging Pelosi By Kyle Cheney A former football star from the Rust Belt who wrote a book about meditation is challenging Nancy Pelosi for minority leader. 11/18/16 10:33 AM EST Trump’s picks for AG, CIA, national security adviser accept nods By Matthew Nussbaum "I am humbled to have been asked by President-elect Trump to serve as Attorney General of the United States,” Sen. Jeff Sessions said. 11/18/16 10:21 AM EST Trump transition sends landing teams to DOJ, State, Pentagon and NSC By Brent Griffiths Here are a few of the notable names. 11/18/16 10:08 AM EST Playback: Clinton’s first appearance since the election 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Next for the DNI By Tim Starks Talks about the Vulnerability Equities Process — Section 702 goes to court 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Canada, Mexico to talk about the elephant in the room By Adam Behsudi Transition kicks into high gear — Farm bureau chief: Trump is a trade president 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Proposed rule on airborne cellphone calls coming By Brianna Gurciullo Upton: Flint aid likely to go in a CR — Donald the disrupter… to the aerospace industry 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tax prom takeaway By Bernie Becker Call to arms — More online action 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tech to tee off with Trump? By Li Zhou Rosenworcel nomination facing potential death blow — FTC delivers 'sharing economy' assessment 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST 2018 Senate strategizing starts in the House By Theodoric Meyer Updates on North Carolina governor's race, CA-49 — More candidates step forward for upcoming gubernatorial elections 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST White House Fall Reg Agenda By Ted Hesson Hoffa pulls ahead in election — Will Rauner sign teacher pension bill? 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could quick Obamacare repeal sink the individual market? By Dan Diamond Pharma off the hook on Cures funding — How the health care sector sees the possible Trump administration 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tim Ryan, healthy food advocate, challenging Pelosi By Catherine Boudreau Trump transition watch — California (drought) dreamin' 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Hoosier policies head to Washington By Benjamin Wermund Bracing for Trump’s deportation sweep — Common core critics push Trump 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could California drought deal actually get done? By Anthony Adragna AGs ordered deposed in Exxon case — McKinley for EPA chief? 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Congress talking big! By Darius Tahir From Trump Tower — On CMMI Updated 11/18/16 09:57 AM EST 2018 showdown looms: House Republicans vs. Democratic senators By Elana Schor and Burgess Everett Reps. Ryan Zinke and Kevin Cramer eye Senate bids in friendly territory represented by Democrats. Germany expected to deny asylum to thousands By Esther King 5 things to watch in France’s conservative primary By Nicholas Vinocur Angela Merkel’s new job: Global savior By Konstantin Richter 11/18/16 09:30 AM EST NEWSOM calls for ‘sanctuary campuses’ -- CALIFORNIA water deal on the way? -- PELOSI challenged by Ohio’s Ryan Nerdcast 11/18/16 09:07 AM EST Nerdcast: Your 2016 questions answered By Charlie Mahtesian, Scott Bland and Katie Glueck It's time for Episode 31 of the 2016 Nerdcast, POLITICO's podcast on the race for the White House. 11/18/16 08:52 AM EST Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump By Louis Nelson Kanye West announced that he did not vote in last week's presidential election, but if he had, he would have voted for Donald Trump. 11/18/16 08:43 AM EST Trumpsition Day 10: Trump taps loyalists, hardliners in new staff picks By Patrick Reis and Matthew Nussbaum Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo has been offered the position of CIA director, per a transition spokesman. 11/18/16 08:30 AM EST Sessions tapped as attorney general By Jeremy Herb Trump taps Flynn as national security adviser — Congress moves to CR for Trump 11/18/16 08:00 AM EST Trump-land mindmeld By Ben White and Andrew Hanna A different view on Wall Street and Trump — MM vs. Kudlow — Troubled waters 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST Trump takes credit for keeping Ford plant in U.S. that wasn't leaving By Louis Nelson Ford was never planning to move the facility in question to Mexico. 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST SESSIONS TAPPED FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL – Republicans ready to play hardball on Supreme Court – REP. TIM RYAN CHALLENGING PELOSI – Lawmakers nearing deal on CR Longtime Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions has been tapped as President-elect Donald Trump’s attorney general, Bloomberg reports this morning. 11/18/16 07:54 AM EST Reports: Trump picks Sessions for attorney general By Matthew Nussbaum Sessions, an early Trump supporter and staunch opponent of illegal immigration. 11/18/16 07:38 AM EST ILLINOIS’ SHAMEFUL secret of abuse -- O’HARE STRIKE threat over THANKSGIVING -- DURKIN calls out MADIGAN DURKIN calls out MADIGAN 11/18/16 07:32 AM EST 44 to 45: Comparing the Trump transition to Obama’s By Henry C. Jackson and Brent Griffiths On Thursday, Nov. 14, 2008 President-elect Barack Obama announced he would resign his Senate seat effective Sunday Nov. 18. 11/18/16 07:30 AM EST DE BLASIO tries a do-over after 2016 campaign flop -- TIMES gets Trump bump -- SUNY POLY turnover continues SUNY POLY turnover continues 11/18/16 07:18 AM EST PASSAIC mayor pleads guilty in kickback scheme -- CHRISTIE, in snub to GUADAGNO, talks about staying -- NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY 11/18/16 07:09 AM EST ROMNEY meeting with TRUMP this weekend -- KARYN POLITO’s private island -- ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call 11/18/16 07:06 AM EST OVERHEARD AT TOSCA -- Pelosi’s challenge -- TRUMP versus Ford on keeping jobs in the U.S. -- DAVID BROCK’s new project -- DAVID REMNICK interviews Obama -- JARED KUSHNER profile -- B’DAY: Megyn Kelly By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman 11/18/16 07:00 AM EST As state GOP chair’s race begins, senior Trump advisor Wiles praises (doesn’t endorse) Ingoglia – Morgan breaks silence, takes dig at Putnam – Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin The Friday Cover 11/18/16 06:30 AM EST The Friday Cover: What Trump Voters Want Now — The blue-collar workers who put him in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Cartoon Carousel 11/18/16 05:19 AM EST The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics By POLITICO Staff 11/18/16 05:15 AM EST Judicial Crisis Network already running ads ahead of Trump SCOTUS pick By Burgess Everett The ad may end up being just the opening salvo in what could be a bruising confirmation fight. The Friday Cover 11/18/16 05:11 AM EST What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse The blue-collar workers who put Donald Trump in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:10 AM EST In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit By Annie Karni Trump's son-in-law has a reputation for trusting his own judgment over expert advice, and believing he has a 'golden touch.' Congress 11/18/16 05:06 AM EST GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees By Burgess Everett Republicans warn that Democratic obstruction of Trump’s pick will come at a steep — possibly historic — price. Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:02 AM EST Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart By Isaac Arnsdorf and Taylor Gee Under White House rules, Donald Trump's chief strategist would have to steer clear of the alt-right website he oversaw. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart What Trump Voters Want Now Trump names Mike Flynn national security adviser Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print North Korea conducts fifth nuclear test By Jeremy Herb 09/09/16 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro, Connor O’Brien and Martin Matishak TOP STORY — NORTH KOREA CONDUCTS FIFTH NUCLEAR TEST, which appeared bigger than its previous detonations. The Washington Post has more here: “North Korea defiantly celebrated its fifth nuclear test Friday, claiming that it can now make warheads small enough to fit onto a missile and warning its ‘enemies’ — specifically, the United States — that it has the ability to counter any attack. The test appeared to be much bigger than North Korea's previous detonations. … Friday's test underscored the fact that Kim Jong Un's regime was continuing to make progress on its nuclear and missile programs despite waves of international sanctions and condemnation.” Story Continued Below The test occurred just hours after President Barack Obama wrapped up his tour of Asia, The Wall Street Journal noted, underscoring the U.S. struggle to rein in the growing threat from Kim Jong Un. And the condemnation was swift from across the globe, as South Korea’s president called the detonation an act of "fanatic recklessness,” according to The Associated Press. COMING ATTRACTIONS — RYAN EYES ‘MINI-BUSES’ TO MOVE SPENDING BILLS, reports our colleagues Rachael Bade and Ben Weyl: “House Speaker Paul Ryan is putting out feelers on a possible strategy to fund the government next year: Think small. In private conversations with his members over the past few days, the Wisconsin Republican has emphasized his distaste for passing a massive trillion-dollar omnibus — and his preference for advancing smaller packages of spending measures if they can’t get one-off bills finished.” — NDAA NEGOTIATIONS YIELD PROGRESS, BUT STILL NO TIMELINE FOR THE END ZONE, we write with Connor O’Brien: “Following their first meeting since returning from the summer recess, the leaders of the House and Senate Armed Services committees see progress toward a compromise defense policy bill, but no timeline for a final resolution. The ‘Big Four,’ the chairmen and ranking committee members who met Thursday, have said they hope to finish the National Defense Authorization Act before the start of the new 2017 fiscal year on Oct. 1, but a slew of policy and funding issues still remain unresolved in reconciling the House and Senate bills.” “Negotiators are still wading through a morass of issues on the must-pass bill, including major overhauls of the Pentagon's acquisition system, command structure and military health system — all different in the House and Senate bills. … Lawmakers also haven't solved the most contentious issue — whether to tap the Pentagon's war account to fund base defense priorities.” — FLYNN TO THE HILL: Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, a top military adviser to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, is coming to Capitol Hill this month to speak at a briefing for congressional staff, according to an invitation obtained by POLITICO. Flynn, the former chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency, is speaking at an off-the-record gathering for congressional staff on Sept. 23, hosted by the Defense Forum Foundation. — NUNES EYEING PUBLIC INTEL HEARING: House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) says he wants to hold a hearing in the coming weeks to examine the relationship between the director of national intelligence and the Pentagon. After mentioning the idea at a panel discussion Thursday, Nunes told reporters he envisioned the session would explore the “role of DNI with DoD and some of the challenges they’ve been unable to deal with, whether it be CentCom or others,” referring to the allegations of cooked intelligence from Central Command. HAPPY FRIDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we’re noting the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks two days early. There will be remembrances today and into the weekend on Capitol Hill and at the Pentagon, as well as up in New York City (More on the president’s plans below.). Keep the tips, pitches and feedback coming at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro. Pro subscribers: Are you getting all the content you want? Make sure your keywords are up to date and customized via your settings page at http://politico.pro/1iDALk9. HAPPENING TODAY — HOUSE TO VOTE ON SAUDI 9/11 BILL: The House is scheduled to vote today on a bill allowing the families of 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia. As our colleagues noted earlier in the week, the controversial legislation is opposed by the White House, and the president is expected to veto the measure, known as "Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act," or JASTA. The Senate passed it unanimously in May. HAPPENING THIS WEEKEND — OBAMA TO SPEAK AT PENTAGON 9/11 CEREMONY: The president will speak at a memorial observance ceremony on Sunday at the Pentagon for the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, according to a White House official. Defense Secretary Ash Carter and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joe Dunford will also attend. UP NEXT WEEK — CARTER RETURNS TO SILICON VALLEY, AND SPEAKS AT THE PRESS CLUB: The defense secretary returns home from Norway today, but he’s got another busy week lined up beginning with a trip west on Monday to the Bay Area in California and Austin, Texas. In Silicon Valley, he’ll meet with leaders of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, before he travels up the Peninsula to speak at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in San Francisco. On Wednesday, he’s in Austin, where he’ll return to the Capital Factory technology incubator and “provide an update on DIUX,” according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon’s chief weapons buyer said this week that a new DIUX office was coming soon, and Austin is the likely spot after Silicon Valley and Boston. When he returns to Washington, Carter has a speech slated for Thursday at the National Press Club. The title? "Dulling the Edge: How Congress Risks Undermining the Finest Fighting Force the World Has Ever Known,” which a congressional source noted sounds like it’s following closely to the Pentagon’s internal strategy blueprint we reported on earlier this week. MORNING D TRIVIA: Today’s question comes from last month’s winner R.M. Beauchesne: In September 1862, President Abraham Lincoln conducted an “instant inquiry,” with witnesses and a transcript, that resulted in the dismissal of an officer. Who was this officer and why did Lincoln dismiss him? Bonus question: What famous person was this officer related to? 2016 WATCH — GARY JOHNSON HAS AN ALEPPO GAFFE, our colleagues Louis Nelson and Daniel Strauss have more here: “Asked what he would do about the Syrian city of Aleppo, the region at the center of that nation’s civil war and refugee crisis, Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson responded by asking, ‘what is Aleppo?’ ‘What would you do if you were elected about Aleppo?’ MSNBC’s ‘Morning Joe’ panelist Mike Barnicle asked the former New Mexico governor during an in-studio interview Thursday morning. “‘And what is Aleppo?’ Johnson responded. ‘You’re kidding,’ a stunned Barnicle replied, to which Johnson answered that he was not. Barnicle explained to the Libertarian candidate that Aleppo is ‘the epicenter of the refugee crisis’ in Syria, giving Johnson enough information to finally answer the question. … Johnson's campaign released a formal statement later Thursday morning where the Libertarian nominee said he ‘blanked.’” TRUMP AND THE GENERALS — SHOT AT TOP BRASS RANKLES MILITARY CIRCLES, reports our colleague Bryan Bender: “Donald Trump's broadside against the top military brass is drawing warnings of a crisis in civilian-military relations should he become commander in chief and begin bypassing generals and admirals now serving under President Barack Obama. ‘It would be unprecedented,’ said Mackubin Thomas Owens, a retired Marine colonel and former instructor at the Naval War College. ‘This would be making the military into a partisan prize.’” — INTEL OFFICIALS CONCERNS WITH TRUMP’S BRIEFING READOUT, TOO, writes POLITICO’s Sarah Wheaton: “Donald Trump’s decision to offer up a politicized readout of his confidential national security briefings has set off alarm bells in the intelligence community, with some high-profile former officials warning the Republican nominee crossed a ‘red line.’” — WHAT HAPPENED AT THE BRIEFINGS? NBC News reports that Flynn got heated with the briefers: “Four sources with knowledge of the briefing — including two intelligence officials who spoke to people in the room — said Flynn repeatedly interrupted the briefers until New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie intervened. Both Christie and Flynn denied the officials' version of events, with Flynn calling the report "total b__s___" and Christie calling it ‘a complete work of fiction.’” WAR REPORT — MOSUL OFFENSIVE TO BEGIN SOON, reports The Wall Street Journal: “The new commander of the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State said he thinks the battle to retake Mosul, the jihadist group’s last major Iraqi stronghold, will begin in coming weeks. The commander, Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, said late Wednesday, however, that the push to reclaim Raqqa, the Sunni extremist group’s self-declared capital in neighboring Syria, was on hold.” — POLITICO PRO Q&A: NAVY SECRETARY RAY MABUS: “Ray Mabus is nearing the end of the line as Navy secretary, a post he’s held since the start of the Obama administration in 2009. The former Democratic governor of Mississippi has navigated rough waters on Capitol Hill and several major military scandals — and emerged with a firm belief that he’ll leave the Navy in better shape than he found it. Its ship count is on the rise, jobs previously closed to women have been opened and it’s on track to get a large portion of its fuel from alternative sources. “And yet Mabus is still fighting internal battles, seeking to fend off attempts by Pentagon leaders to intervene in shipbuilding programs — including Defense Secretary Ash Carter’s order to scale back long-term procurement of the troubled Littoral Combat Ship. In an interview with POLITICO’s Austin Wright in his Pentagon office, Mabus discussed the LCS, his legacy and more.” The full Q&A is here, for Pros. SPEED READ — U.S. special operators launched an unsuccessful attempt last month to rescue two civilian American University of Afghanistan professors who were kidnapped: Stars and Stripes — The International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran has kept to the nuclear deal struck last year: Reuters — Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Geneva to meet with his Russian counterpart on Syria: AP — Experts say Trump is mistaken with his remarks on women in the military and sexual assault: The New York Times — A strategically important territory along Syria’s southern border has fallen under the sway of the Islamic State: WSJ — The Syrian government’s forces regain a southern Aleppo district: Reuters — A watchdog group says the findings of the Pentagon’s top weapons tester on the F-35 program show the Air Force’s combat ready declaration was “wildly premature”: POLITICO Pro — India needs $233 billion to meet its weapon and equipment requirements for the next 11 years: Defense News — More than 70 aid groups have suspended cooperation with the U.N. in Syria, claiming President Bashar Assad exercises influence over the relief efforts: The Guardian — Three veterans once involved in drone programs are backing a Yemeni man in a lawsuit trying to obtain details about a strike that killed family members in 2012: Los Angeles Times — The Marines say an investigation found that a Marine recruit committed suicide amid a widespread culture of hazing and abuse: AP — The American Legion backs marijuana research for use in treating post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury: Military Times — How the office modernizing the Pentagon’s use of technology functions: Bloomberg — Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.) wants the FDA to clarify that new rules don't prevent tobacco donations to service members: The San Diego Union-Tribune ** A message from the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition: Congress Can Help Save Taxpayers Up To $500 Million: Buying materials in advance for the construction of the next two U.S. Navy Ford-class aircraft carriers, Enterprise (CVN 80) and the yet-to-be-named CVN 81, will save taxpayers up to $500 million over the course of their construction and will keep the industrial base strong. The advance purchase of construction materials will mean reduced construction costs and greater efficiency in construction. Learn more at acibc.org ** « View Archives Authors: Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Obama to Trump: Time to get serious Trump's appointment of son-in-law could rest on Clinton precedent Trump calms the chaos Trump's border wall may be collapsing National intelligence chief Clapper resigns David Brock gathering donors to ‘kick Donald Trump’s ass’ Trump names Mike Flynn national security adviser Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump Bloomberg to end 'With All Due Respect' as company reorganizes Bloomberg Politics Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine ‘My Language Is My Language, But I’m a Vermonter’ By Erick Trickey The Bitter Feud Behind the Law That Could Keep Jared Kushner Out of the White House By Josh Zeitz America’s First All-Renewable-Energy City By Colin Woodard The Return of ‘Inner Circle’ Frenzy By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Aleppo's Children ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News Know it All U.S. World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Sep 9 2016, 6:45 am ET KNOW IT ALL: Friday's Top 7 Stories at NBC News Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement Good morning. Here are some of the headlines we're following this morning: 1. 'Outlaw Nation' N. Korea Conducts 5th Nuke Test North Korea conducted its second nuclear test in eight months on Friday, raising concerns that Pyongyang has moved a step closer to its goal of a nuclear-armed missile that could one day strike the U.S. mainland. Read more in NEWS. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed North Korean TV Anchor Announces Nuclear Test 1:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/761099843893" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> 2. What Really Happened at Trump's Intel Briefing As U.S. officials cast doubt on Donald Trump's claim he read the "body language" of intelligence officials at a recent briefing, NBC News has learned exclusive details of what unfolded in the room — and of reported tension between one of Trump's advisers and the briefers. Read more in POLITICS. 3. Tourists Rescued After 16 Hours in Cable Cars More than 100 people, including several Americans, were rescued Friday after spending up to 16 hours trapped in cable cars dangling high above the French Alps, officials said. Read more in NEWS. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Dozens Spend the Night Stranded in High-Altitude Cable Cars 0:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/761066563614" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> 4. Zika Money Is Running Out Across Federal Agencies Another government agency fighting Zika has run out of cash to do it, as Congress fights over whether and how to come up with more. Read more in HEALTH. 5. 'Items' Found in Search for Student Missing 20 Years Investigators in California have recovered "items of interest" in an excavation of a college campus attended by Kristin Smart, a woman who disappeared more than 20 years ago, authorities said. Read more in NEWS. 6. Geraldo Rivera Apologizes for Defending Ailes The Fox News correspondent at-large has apologized for discounting claims of sexual harassment made by former network anchor Gretchen Carlson and others against ex-CEO Roger Ailes. He stepped down from his position in July. Read more in NEWS. Check my F/B "Roger and Me The man we knew as the blustering genius who invented our mighty Fox News Channel is a ..."— Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) September 9, 2016 7. Customs Agent Let Immigrants Into U.S. for Sex: FBI Jose Luis Cota, an officer at the San Ysidro Port of Entry, allegedly let undocumented immigrants into the county on several occasions in the past year, according to the feds. Read more at NBC SAN DIEGO. Nightly Spotlight There's great anticipation as the Smithsonian's African-American museum is at long last getting ready to open after so many political and financial challenges stood in the way. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Long-Awaited African-American History and Culture Museum Set to Open 2:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/760839235755" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Topics Know it All First Published Sep 9 2016, 6:44 am ET Next Story KNOW IT ALL: Wednesday's Top Stories at NBC News advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
Today: November 18, 2016, 6:52 pm ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Media & Entertainment Make Premium Home DVDs with a DVD Creator Software Product PR-Inside.com: 2016-09-09 10:03:54 DVDFab DVD Creator is one of best DVD authoring software products which allows video lovers to burn high quality home DVDs using almost all the known video formats as the input sources. With its many useful features like built-in menu templates, onboard burning engine, third party burning engine, external subtitle rendering, and the compatibility with all types of blank DVD discs, this amazing DVD creator software can meet all the requirements of all walks of users. With an executable installation file of around 78M, DVDFab DVD Creator consumes approximately 200M of a PC’s free disk space, which in today’s configurations is only a tiny drop in the ocean. It can run smoothly on Windows systems including Vista, 7/8/10, 32 or 64 bit, and its Mac counterpart can run on macOS starting from 10.6. As to other system requirements, as long as your PC or Mac is powered by a Intel Pentium II CPU or above, with the least RAM of 512 and 10GB of free disk space, then you are ready to go. The entire installation process is swift, users just need to follow the installation wizards till it is finished. DVDFab DVD Creator has a very simple yet intuitive GUI, which all the computer users either with solid technical background or just entry level skills can quickly get accustomed to its features and functionalities. As the image shown above, the DVD Creator software is just one module of the installed all-in-one package, users will have to navigate to the Creator tab sitting atop of the main interface; Right beneath the top menu bar sits two buttons, the one in the left is the source adding button, via which users can add their video sources, and the one in the right is a download button, by which, users can download videos from internet as input sources; of course, users can also simply drag & drop the video files into the GUI to add input sources; then below the source adding button, there is the DVD Creator’s name, which also serves as a switcher for users to switch to another product called Blu-ray Creator; right down the switcher you will see the selection box where is the place to choose the output size between DVD 5 and DVD 9; the huge part occupying the majority right part of the main interface is the main operation area, where all the detailed information of the source videos are listed, including the video name, runtime, audio and subtitle options. Users can freely drag each video to sort them out in the correct order; with the subtitle option, users can even add external subtitles if they want; sitting at the bottom of the main interface is the destination selection box, where users are supposed to choose how to deal with the output DVD, to burn it directly onto blank DVD disc, or to save it as a DVD folder or ISO file on hard disk drive; then sitting in the bottom right corner is the button leading to the next page. In the following window, users can choose different menu templates as they want, currently there are four themed menus about movie theatre, birthday, wedding party and children’s day, and there are more coming; it also gives the no menu option in case someone doesn’t actually need a menu; users are even allowed to freely change each menu template’s background cover, by clicking the first button from the four sitting at the bottom, there are many preloaded background covers and if none meets your standard, then just choose your own picture from computer to go; the second T shaped button allows users to edit all the texts like you do on a WORD document; even each decoration widgets can be further customized. The Good  Support almost every known video format as input source, including MP4, MKV, AVI, TS, M2TS, MOV, WMA, WMV, FLV, 3GP, VOB, M4V, etc;  Supports all types of DVD discs, including DVD-5, DVD-9, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, DVD+R DL, and DVD-R DL;  Multiple options to save the final DVDs, including saving the DVD as a folder or ISO image file on computer hard disk drive, and burning it directly onto blank DVD discs;  Customizable DVD menus, including menu themes, background covers, text details, and decoration widgets, etc;  Multiple burning engines to choose from: the built-in VSO burning engine and DVDFab burning engine, or the external Nero and Imgburn burning engine;  Supports multicore-CPU processing, and hardware accelerations like Intel QuickSync and Nvidia CUDA to speed things up considerably;  Displays detailed progress information so that you know what point you are currently arrive and how much time you are supposed to wait till it finishes;  Allows user to add external subtitles to the final DVDs if the video files do not contain any subtitle stream. The Bad  Currently only four menu templates Conclusion There are plenty of other robust DVD authoring tools available on the market for users to choose from. However, if you want a DVD creator software which is for both highly experienced professional users and entry level amateurs who just want to quickly make home DVDs out of their personal videos, then DVDFab DVD Creator is the perfect solution. About Fengtao Software Fengtao Software Inc., a professional multimedia software provider, has been dedicated to working on DVD cloner, DVD copy, Blu-ray copy, DVD ripper, DVD/Blu-ray conversion, video converter, DVD creator, Blu-ray creator, Blu-ray media player, etc. for more than 11 years with its well known DVDFab software. It has more than 50 million global users. More information at: www.dvdfab.cn. Contacts Fengtao Software Inc. Frank Chang, +86-10-84913343 marketing@dvdfab.cn www.dvdfab.cn www.facebook.com/dvdfabsoftware Press Information DVDFab Software BeiyuanRoad Chaoyang District Lucy Liu Marketing Specialist 1084913343 email www.dvdfab.cn Published by Lucy Liu +861084919812 e-mail www.dvdfab.cn/ # 952 Words Related Articles More From The Author Get back all your lost files without [..] Every person will use their own computer systems and laptops to store their personal files and information for future use. [..] Introducing the All-New Passkey 9 — Secured [..] It’s been nearly 6 years since the first official release of Passkey, during which, this world-class DVD & Blu-ray decrypting [..] Why people need a Blu-ray creator software? Thanks to the popularity of smart phones with the ability of shooting high definition videos, people nowadays use smart phones [..] DVDFab DVD Copy - Make Your DVD [..] One owns legitimate DVD discs must have the need to protect them, keep them and backup them. A DVD copy [..] How do think of an Android-based Laptop? Do you ever think of getting an Android based laptop? Or here comes a better question, when the whole world [..]   More From Media & Entertainment Award-winning text adventure “Code 7” successfully completes [..] The text-based hacking adventure “Code 7”, developed by Goodwolf Studio, successfully completed its Kickstarter campaign on [..] UK AUTHOR WINS AT INTERNATIONAL BOOK COMPETITION Las Vegas, Saturday 15 October – at the 6th International Literary Classics Annual Book Awards in Las Vegas, book 4 [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Audiomedia International AV-iQ Installation-International Mix Online PSN Europe Residential Systems More BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast & Production Digital Video Government Video Licensing.biz Radio Magazine Radio World CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING Bike Biz Develop MCV Mobile Entertainment PCR Toy News EDUCATION Edu Wire School CIO Tech & Learning The AV/IT resource for successful integrators, consultants, and end users. Search Menu Daily News & Updates from:   Brands ‹ Back AVTechnology Digital Signage Weekly Systems Contractor AVNetwork News ‹ Back News Briefs ‹ Back New Products ‹ Back Industry Events ‹ Back Calendar Events ‹ Back View All News   Samsung and Harman and the Road Forward Nov 17, 2016 Yorktel Opens Tokyo Office in APAC Expansion Nov 17, 2016 Calibre Appoints Stampede Global Distribution Partner Nov 17, 2016 View All Features ‹ Back Business ‹ Back Installations ‹ Back Profiles ‹ Back Videos ‹ Back View All Features   Meet Your Manager: Joseph Moreau, Foothill College, De Anza Community College District Nov 18, 2016 Embracing Change: Envisioning a Future Focused On Scalable Software Solutions Nov 16, 2016 Optimizing the Features of a Digital Canvas Nov 14, 2016 View All Insights & Blogs ‹ Back Editor's Views ‹ Back Expert Voices ‹ Back Blogs ‹ Back View All Insights & Blogs   AV Hardware: Vaporizing Into the Cloud Oct 27, 2016 The Pursuit of the Intuitive User Interface Oct 27, 2016 Specifying a Secure AV System Oct 27, 2016 View All Insights Resource Center ‹ Back Magazine Digital Editions ‹ Back Integration Guides ‹ Back Tech Manager Guides ‹ Back Digital Signage Guides ‹ Back Special Event Guides ‹ Back Webinar Archive ‹ Back View All Resource Center   SCN—The Integration Guide to Control Room Signal Management Nov 17, 2016 SCN Digital Edition—August 2016 Nov 07, 2016 SCN Digital Edition—October 2016 Nov 07, 2016 View All Subscribe ‹ Back AVT Newsletter SCN Newsletter DSM Newsletter AVT Digital Subscription SCN Digital Subscription DSM Digital Subscription Customer Service Cancel Articles Videos Blogs The Wire All results Articles Videos Blogs The Wire Home Digital Signage Weekly BrightSign – Amazing What You Can Buy in October Posted on Sep 8, 2016 By David Keene Share Tweet Email As we head into fall, I’m reminded of the old New York joke: What’s the difference between a Yankee Stadium hot dog and a Citi Field (Mets) hotdog? A: You can buy a Yankee Stadium hot dog in October. Mets fans– I’m from Texas and we’re football not baseball– and I'm sure you guys tell a different version. But the logic behind the humor applies to a lot of technologies and tech companies in our industry– even if staying power is measured not in seasons but in years. Sports teams or tech teams– the best have to constantly reinvent their offerings if they don’t want to find themselves irrelevant in October, much less beyond. The weeks leading up to Labor Day are not exactly laden with new product introductions in this industry. (Are they, in any industry?) So it was refreshing to have a pretty heavy player in the digital signage industry weigh in last week, in personal press briefings– with an impressive revamp of pretty much their entire lineup of media players (and that from a company that was not behind in any technology race I know of). In fact BrightSign has been at the forefront for a while. If that sounds like press release-speak, apologies, but BrightSign did come out with the first real 4K digital signage media player (a few years back), and you’ll see there devices not just out in the field but in many of the big display manufacturer and display distributors’ booths at InfoComm and Digital Signage Expo. In a private briefing on the week before Labor Day, BrightSign’s CEO Jeff Hastings explained how his company has always tried to do things differently–not just take Intel mother boards and create PC-based media players for digital signage, but provide a more complete solution. When I asked Hastings how it today’s landscape were there are so many media players, and where so many now even claim to do 4K, how can the novice user tell them apart? “A lot of people claim a lot of things”, said Hasting. “But you need to test those devices– very few meet the specs they claim. For 4K for example, some do 4K with HDMI 1.4 not 2.0. And most are consumer class devices, not commercial grade. Remember, in the cost of ownership of a digital signage network, a lot of the cost is the ongoing maintenance including labor costs. So you really need to look at TCO, look at the failure rate of devices. Labor costs on replacing media players that fail will eat up budget very fast." Of course, robust build is not readily apparent in the specs of a product. That can only be discerned in the field or from reputation and word of mouth. But even beyond that kind of good reputation and track record, great specs stand out for some media player manufacturers, and BrightSign is up there. Without going over BrightSign’s milestones over the past few years, cut to the chase as we roll into falling leaves, the MLB playoffs, and (thank god) football season. BrightSign has some serious news on the product front, doing total solution– not just hardware, bare bones device, but some sophisticated processing like doing HTML rendering in the software. And now, HTML5 is supported by every player in their line. Also, H.265 decoding– necessary for 4K– but they are doing that in the other products as well. HDR ability now, not promises for the future, with 10bit color. All their players, less than an inch thick– tuck them right behind the screen (thin mounts for displays are all the rage, so you need thin media players). Here’s the Press Release from BrightSign: BrightSign Unveils Complete Product Refresh Including Major Advances in Digital Signage Technology LOS GATOS, CA – (September 7, 2016) – BrightSign, LLC announced the first major overhaul of the company’s players in nearly two years. BrightSign’s lineup of digital signage media players has been completely redesigned and will ship with a portfolio of technology updates including an M.2 interface for Wi-Fi antennae or a solid-state drive (M.2 SSD). BrightSign’s free BrightAuthor software and the BrightSign Network are also updated with advanced digital signage features for enterprise-level performance. “The digital signage marketplace is evolving rapidly. For that reason it’s important that our technology solutions not only support signage as it’s being used today, but that they also work flawlessly many years from now,” said Jeff Hastings, BrightSign’s CEO. “Customers can install our players today knowing that BrightSign software, hardware and networking solutions will serve them well in the future as they implement new and exciting digital signage features.” BrightAuthor software v4.5 will enable a new feature on the HD, XD and XT players called Mosaic Mode, which allows a multitude of lower-resolution videos to be played in multiple video zones that add up to the total resolution decoding power of the player’s video decoder. CEA HDR 10 is supported on all players delivering a much higher contrast ratio and much wider color palette, complementing the higher resolution of 4K displays. And the ability to real-time encode and stream content from the player to another end-point or device is now incorporated in XD and XT players. B-Deploy, a powerful new feature that allows customers to set up and deploy from tens to thousands of players all at once, can be used with the BrightSign Network, a BrightSign Partner CMS, or an on-premise secure corporate LAN with internet access. BrightSign Network, including the new B-Deploy feature, now supports media and player tagging for highly targeted content distribution to large networks of players. Each of the seven new players boasts a sleek new industrial design with a very slim profile under 1” in height that makes it possible to place the players virtually anywhere. All new players integrate H.265 (HEVC playback features) and HTML5. The top two product lines (XD and XT) offer a hardware-accelerated H.265 video decoding engine capable of 4K HDR 10-bit video playback. BrightSign’s portfolio of digital signage media players is now comprised of seven players spanning four product lines: BrightSign LS: Affordable, Compact and Fully Featured BrightSign’s LS423 ($250) is a fully featured, commercial-grade player offering a superior alternative to consumer devices often chosen for price-sensitive digital signage installations. Based on the award-winning BrightSign HD platform, BrightSign LS423 delivers signature reliability and affordability, with a robust feature set including H.265 Full HD video decoding, a basic HTML5 engine, USB 2.0 type C, and networking. BrightSign HD: Updated Classic with Mainstream Performance BrightSign’s new HD models are updated with advanced technology that delivers power and performance for mainstream applications at a very affordable cost. Both the HD223 ($350) and HD1023 ($450) offer hardware-accelerated HTML5 engine and 1080p60 decode, along with BrightSign’s highly reliable media-handling platform and signature ease of use. All HD models support Gigabit Ethernet, as well as robust interactive controls and dynamic live content features. BrightSign XD: True 4K Playback and Advanced Performance BrightSign’s two new XD players are capable of decoding either two 1080p60 videos or a single 4K video and a single 1080p60 video simultaneously. Both the XD233 ($450) and XD1033 ($550) have Gigabit Ethernet and offer an advanced hardware-accelerated HTML5 engine. BrightSign XT: State-of-the-Art Technology with Enterprise Performance The BrightSign XT243 ($550) and XT1143 ($650) offer unsurpassed performance with the company’s fastest HTML and graphics engine and the most powerful CPU. This state-of-the-art technology for enterprise level digital signage installations supports dual video decode of one 4K and one 1080p60 video simultaneously. The hardware-accelerated HTML5 engine enables flawless playback of multiple modular HTML5 assets including CSS animations, Web GL and swipe/gesture interactivity. Both XT models support PoE+ and Gigabit Ethernet, and the XT1143 offers HDMI-in for Live TV playback. For more information about BrightSign’s complete portfolio of digital signage hardware and software, visit http://www.brightsign.biz Tags: No tags found Share Tweet Email You may also like TANNOY Prestige Manufacturing to Remain in Scotland Group One’s Lighting Roadshow Heads West Read Next: Focusrite Holding RedNet Event at Belmont University in Nashville … Popular Stories Samsung Acquires Harman in $8B Deal By Duncan Proctor - Nov 14, 2016 PixelFLEX Demos Augmented Reality LED Technology By AV Network Staff - Nov 16, 2016 Alpha Video Scores Big with Tech Expo at U.S. Bank Stadium By Kirsten Nelson - Nov 17, 2016 Updates Sent Straight to Your Inbox! AV Technology Systems Contractor News Digital Signage Magazine News Feed Samsung and Harman and the Road Forward Yorktel Opens Tokyo Office in APAC Expansion Calibre Appoints Stampede Global Distribution Partner Metro Tech Reps Announces Manufacturer Lineup Legrand Releases Major Wattstopper Software Updates Bosch Security Systems, Sony Partner on Video Security Alpha Video Scores Big with Tech Expo at U.S. Bank Stadium Matrox C900 Certified with DigiSHOW Digital Signage Software Electric Zoo Goes Wild For L-Acoustics KS28 Clay Paky and grandMA2 for Stevie Nicks's Tour 5" Touch Screen, Black Smooth by Crestron Electronics, Inc.. Model: TSW-560-B-S 5" Touch Screen with Optional Camera or Microphone, Black Smooth by Crestron Electronics, Inc.. Model: TSW-560-NC-B-S 5" Touch Screen, White Smooth by Crestron Electronics, Inc.. Model: TSW-560-W-S Audinate Debuts Dante Analog Output Module FOH Pro Divens Outfits Personal Mix Room Dusk Music Festival Debuts with MLA Symetrix DSP upgrades Qatar college auditorium Panasonic develops 10-year maintenance-free projector Signal management: primary applications of networked AV TiO Partners with LifeStyle Homes, Indian River Sight and Sound Screen Innovations Appoints New Director of Commercial Sales ProSource Completes Slate of Local Town Hall Meetings News Features Insights & Blogs Resource Center AVT Subscriptions DSM Subscriptions SCN Subscriptions About Us Contact Us Advertise Events Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use RSS Feeds Log In Newsletters Ad choices Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
null
null
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals Reviews Origin Millennium review Origin Millennium review By Kevin Lee PC & Mac desktops  Gloriously overpowered for modern gaming Shares Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict The Origin Millennium is built for maximum customization with a ton of space for high-end components, cooling and a flexible motherboard mounting system. For Immense power Customizable RGB lighting Supports many motherboard alignments Against Immense price Big for a mid-tower Rattly plastic shell There's been a perfect storm of new computing hardware, thanks to the introduction of Nvidia's Pascal graphics and a new series of Intel Broadwell-E processors. Even having just one of these parts in your PC would translate to exponentially greater performance and higher frames rates. Putting them together would spawn a beast powerful enough to take on the next generation of virtual reality and 4K games released over the next decade. Luckily for us, Origin is exactly the type of company to pull off this sort of madness, packing all of this power into its updated Millennium gaming desktop. Standing at nearly two feet tall, it's a literally tower of power inside and out. However, with a $6K price tag attached, it's a little hard to justify the price even for this much overindulgence in power. Design Although Origin classifies the Millennium as a mid-tower PC, it might be a half-size above its weight class. The case is absolutely massive, measuring in at 21.44 inches tall and 24.8-inches deep. This is something you'd best leave sitting on the ground, and even then you'll need a good chunk of floor space for it to actually fit. Once you get over the immense size of the case, you can't but help to admire the magnificence of this beast. The front of the case is shaped like the prow of some mighty spaceship, and Origin has developed a sleek enclosure with curves and angles in all the right places. The Millennium is also designed to be a showpiece with a large side window to display all of the components and a long strip of LEDs to light up the interior in almost any color. You can also pre-set patterns like strobing, color shifting and, our personal favorite, a flowing rainbow of colors that loops around the case and across the front logo. Origin even throws Millennium buyers a remote designed just for controlling the lights. On one hand, it's convenient if you want to throw on some mood lighting on a whim. But, the remote doesn't offer nearly the same level of customization as a dedicated software solution. More than meets the eye Beyond the lights and large window, the Millennium is a surprisingly understated gaming PC. The power buttons, fan controller and front I/O are all tucked away into a small nook at the top of the chassis. Meanwhile, the front of the case features a swing out door to reveal five 5.25-inch bays and an optional hard drive cage with six hot-swappable bays just waiting to be filled with terabytes of storage. The Origin Millennium has a stealthy design to be sure, but the Maingear Shift is still the slyest machine we've ever reviewed with an all-aluminum chassis to boot. By comparison, our blacked out PC tower features a plastic shell that feels a bit flimsier. Thankfully, though, it's underpinned by a sturdy metal frame. Origin's chassis also comes with variable mounting support, which basically means you can orient the motherboard however you want. It might sound like an excessive level of customization, but it adds nothing to the price and no other boutique PC maker offers the same service. Otherwise, only a few modular PC cases from Cooler Master and BeQuiet offer this same level of customization. And as for usefulness; an inverted configuration (like ours) gives you a right-side facing window as opposed to the traditional left hand window. Meanwhile, a 90-degree configuration helps the video cards exhaust heat through the top of the case – and there's the option of combining these two methods together. Spec Sheet Here is the Origin Millennium configuration sent to TechRadar for review: Case: Origin Millennium mid-tower CPU: 3.0GHz Intel Core i7-6950X (deca-core, 25MB cache, up to 3.5GHz with turbo boost) Graphics: 2 x EVGA GTX 1080 Founder Edition (8GB GDDR5X, SLI) RAM: 16GB Kingston HyperX DDR4 (4 x 4GB, 2,666MHz) Motherboard: ASUS X99 Deluxe II Power Supply: 850 Watt EVGA SuperNOVA G2 Storage: 256GB Samsung 950 PRO (NVMe M.2); 6TB Western Digital Red (5,400 RPM) Optical drive: 16X Blu-ray Burner Ports: 8 x USB 3.0, 3 x USB 3.1 Type-A, 1 USB-C, 4 x USB 2.0, 1 optical audio out, 5 x audio jacks, 1 headphone jack, 6 x DisplayPort, 2 x HDMI Connectivity: 802.11ac Asus Wi-Fi GO! module; Bluetooth 4.0 Operating system: Windows 10 Home (64-bit) Weight: 30 pounds (starting weight) Size: 9.75 x 24.8 x 21.44 inches (W x D x H) This fully-loaded configuration you see listed above goes for a heaping $6,168 (about £4,680, AU$8,020). But, keep in mind this is a monster machine that is ready to go out of the box and precisely overclocked to its limits – that is, if you went for the added service. From hard drives to liquid-cooling and wire work, you can pretty much configure the Origin Millennium anyway you'd like. And, if you want to do it yourself, there's also plenty of room to upgrade this machine. Only one of the six hard drive bays were occupied and above the hot-swap bay is another five 5.25-inch bays. Plus, if you really want to try your hand at water-cooling, you'll find the space you need and mounting points all over. Benchmarks Here's how the Origin Millennium performed in our suite of benchmark tests: 3DMark: Cloud Gate: 61,029; Sky Diver: 74,123; Fire Strike: 28,817 Cinebench CPU: 2,205 points; Graphics: 191 fps GeekBench: GeekBench: 4,299 (single-core); 39,423 (multi-core) PCMark 8 (Home Test): 4,142 points The Division: (1080p, Ultra): 143 fps; (1080p, Low): 264 fps GTA V: (1080p, Ultra): 100 fps; (1080p, Low): 185 fps Unsurprisingly, the Origin Millennium smashed records in our benchmark tests in spectacular fashion. We're used to seeing multi-core GeekBench scores of 16K to 18K, but the 3.0GHz Intel Core i7-6950X chip achieved a 39,423 point result. That's approaching double the 25,257-point performance of the Haswell-E chip we tested in the Maingear Shift. The top-of-the-line CPU is absolutely overkill for just gaming. So, on top of wrecking multiplayer matches, you'll be able stream and even render video at the same time, stressing the CPU a tiny bit. The twin Nvidia GTX 1080s also gave us the extra oomph we needed to play anything we wanted at 4K and on Ultra settings well above 60 frames per second (fps). Virtual reality gaming also went without a hitch, and we bet these GPUs would be powerful enough to drive the next generation of headsets, too. Final verdict The Origin Millennium is one of the most customizable PCs in the computing world. Beyond picking out the specs exactly as you want, the flexible motherboard mount makes it simple to setup the PC for your space with the option of top-down airflow or a right-side window. Other than it being an extra-large mid-tower and feeling a little chintzy, we have no qualms with Origin's mid-sized gaming monster. The Millennium is an attractive looking PC that gives you plenty of room for upgrades and puts all the controls within easy reach. And, if you've configured it for maximum power like us, it's gloriously overpowered for even the most demanding games today. Tags Asus Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 3 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 4 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 5 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 These 7 PC build fails will make you appreciate your rig even more 2 Apple TV now has one more reason to consider cutting your cable service 3 SNES Mini: What we want to see from a Classic Mini NES successor 4 Want an Amazon Prime membership? Here’s why you should wait until Friday 5 Pokemon Sun and Moon Review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, November 19, 2016 As of 4:40 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Microsoft Surface Phone 2016 release date, prices & features: Kaby Lake processor may have delayed launch till March 2017 By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on September 09 2016 1:01 PM 0 0 0 0 A Microsoft logo is seen on an office building in New York City in this July 28, 2015 file photo. Reuters/Mike Segar If reports are to be believed, the delay in the release date of Microsoft Surface Phone 2016 is due to Microsoft’s decision to include the much-talked about Intel Kaby Lake processors. The phone did not make an appearance at the IFA 2016 event in Berlin, Germany. Now, it is rumoured to be released in 2017. There is a dearth of information from Microsoft. The company has not released any official statement regarding the Microsoft Surface Phone 2016 and why it has been delayed. However, as the Kaby Lake processor is expected to arrive by the end of 2016, the Surface Phone could well be made available by March 2017. The Microsoft Surface Phone 2016 may be launched along with other highly-anticipated devices, the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 and Surface Book 2. The Surface Phone is expected to sport some pretty top-class specs and features. Tech enthusiasts believe that the phone will have a large display, huge storage space, big fat RAM and Carl Zeiss lens, reports Mobile & Apps. With a 5.7-inch screen and AMOLED display panel, the Microsoft Surface Phone will reportedly be launched in three variants depending on storage capacity, RAM and processor. The basic model will have a 3GB RAM and 32GB storage whereas another will come packed with 6GB RAM and 128GB internal storage. The third variant may have an 8GB RAM and 500GB internal storage. The rumoured Carl Zeiss lens in the Microsoft Surface Phone 2016's 21MP rear camera and a front camera of 8MP will include a triple-LED flash. There is also a possibility of a USB Type-C port for rapid charging and super-fast data transfers. The Microsoft Surface Phone 2016 is expected to run on Windows 10 codenamed Redstone 2. It will provide users with an amazing user interface. The base variant may be priced at US$700 (AU$916) whereas the premium variant could be purchased for US$1,099 (AU$1,440). Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Bill Gates net worth update: Microsoft founder loses world’s richest man title to Zara retailer Amancio Ortega Microsoft Surface Pro 5 to provide a fascinating experience Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 0 Shares 2 'The Blacklist' season 5 latest updates: Season 5 not happening? Major storyline takeaways from the Season 4 finale 'Dr. Adrian Shaw: Conclusion' 0 Shares 3 'Dancing with the Stars' season 23 episode 13 spoilers: Trio dances begin; Final Four to be announced 0 Shares 4 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 5 NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays 0 Shares 6 Optus and Huawei completed 5G trial in Australia 0 Shares 7 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 9 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 10 ‘Star Wars Rebels’ Season 3 episode 7 preview 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder British woman charged with extramarital sex in Dubai after reporting her gang rape Pregnant Sydney woman burnt by charging iPhone 7 as she slept More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NBA Trade News: Thunder trying to acquire Rudy Gay Russell Wilson wants to bring back Seattle SuperSonics NBA world wants nothing to do with Donald Trump Tim Duncan immortalised: Spurs to retire his jersey Watch Los Angeles Lakers vs San Antonio Spurs: Live steam, preview, where to watch NBA Trade News: Phoenix Suns not shopping Brandon Knight More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Super Mario Run for iOs devices available in Australia on Dec. 15 Apple iPad Pro 2 to take up EarPods? Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 'Pokemon Go' updates: Niantic exec reveals plans for the future NES Classic Edition: Console still available for a thrice the retail price Canon 6D Mark II to sport same full-frame capabilities as 5D? More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘New Girl’ season 6, episode 6 spoilers, recap: ‘Ready’ One Direction's Zayn Malik requested to seek professional help by Mel C ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episode 6 spoilers: ‘Monster in the Closet’ Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry Adele's 2017 Australian tour details: Ticket prices and schedule 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory: Focus on Luke's lightsaber again More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / Former intel briefer: ‘Wildly unlikely’ Trump account correct Former intel briefer: ‘Wildly unlikely’ Trump account correct Posted on Thursday, September 8, 2016 by CNN in Election Donald Trump might not have revealed state secrets, but his controversial description Wednesday night of the agents who gave him his recent intelligence briefings still caused waves. At an NBC commander in chief forum with the presidential candidates, Trump said that the intelligence briefers had indicated through “body language” that they were “not happy” because “our leaders did not follow what they were recommending.” In fact, he said, President Barack Obama and his former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, had done “exactly the opposite” of what the intelligence community recommended. The remarks left intelligence professionals scratching their heads and Republicans scrambling to interpret their candidate’s remarks — because if they’re true, they mark a radical departure from decades of standard practice. Since the intelligence community began briefing presidential candidates in the 1950s, a central pillar of their approach has been to focus on explaining global situations, not offering advice about them, according to David Priess, a former intelligence briefer for President George W. Bush. “Wildly unlikely, let me tell you,” Priess said of Trump’s description of his briefings. “Intel briefers do not make policy recommendations. Period.” A national security expert familiar with the process said Trump’s briefers would not have expressed displeasure in any way. That expert asked to speak anonymously because of political sensitivities. Intelligence analysts and briefers present assessments of global situations to try to reduce uncertainties for an administration making policy decisions, Priess and other former briefers said. They do not recommend a course of action. Doling out policy advice, Priess said, is “the third rail of intelligence — you don’t touch it.” The senior-level intelligence teams that Director of National Intelligence James Clapper set up to handle the candidates’ briefings are career military and intelligence officers, not political appointees, and wouldn’t make such a “rookie mistake,” he said. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence refused to comment. In contrast, the picture Trump painted seemed quite different. In a commander in chief forum on NBC, Trump said he received briefings from experts on Iraq, Iran and Russia, and that one thing had “shocked” him. “It just seems to me that what they said, President Obama and Hillary Clinton and John Kerry — who is another total disaster — did exactly the opposite,” he said, mentioning the current secretary of state. He went on to say that he learned “that our leadership, Barack Obama, did not follow what our experts … said to do.” “I could tell,” Trump added. “I’m pretty good with the body language. I could tell they were not happy. Our leaders did not follow what they were recommending.” Trump advisor Mike Flynn, who attended the briefings with the candidate, supported Trump’s comments in an interview with NBC. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, said he also saw briefers convey displeasure with White House policy. “I sure did … in a very specific way,” said Flynn, who added that intelligence officers made distinctions between their briefing points and White House policy, according to NBC. Some Republicans asked about the comments made by their party’s presidential nominee took issue — if cautiously — with his characterization. “Typically, I will say, with intelligence briefings they really attempt not to give you a direction,” Tennessee Republican Senator Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee told CNN’s Jake Tapper. Corker complained that Tapper’s question put him in a “personality referee position, which is not a position that I should be in or want to be in.” He then echoed Priess’ point that intelligence briefers “try to keep it to the facts of the intelligence gathering they’ve put together.” Priess said it’s possible, given that Trump has no prior experience with intelligence briefings, that the officers describing global hotspots said “something that he interpreted as a policy recommendation.” The national security expert said it’s also possible that the analysis presented by the briefers didn’t align with the President’s narrative. The source offered as an example Obama’s 2014 reference to ISIS as a “JV team,” when many in the intelligence community regarded it as a strong and growing threat. The other interpretation, Priess said, was that Trump is “seeking to politicize intel briefings he’s received in a way that no other candidate has ever done.” Trump’s claims about his briefings weren’t his first apparent inconsistency on intelligence matters. At Wednesday night’s forum, Trump said he had “great respect for the people” who delivered his intel briefings. A day earlier, on FOX News’ “Fox and Friends,” Trump had been asked if he trusted intelligence. “Not so much from the people that have been doing it for our country,” Trump said. Referring to the previous decade as “catastrophic,” Trump said, “I won’t use them, because they’ve made such bad decisions.” Trump also took aim at the top tier of US military leaders Wednesday night, saying they’d been “reduced to rubble” by Obama. Asked about his plan to have generals submit a proposal to defeat ISIS when he’s declared he knows more about the terror group than they do, Trump said, “Well, they’ll probably be different generals, to be honest with you. I mean, I’m looking at the generals.” A President Trump could do that, according to retired Col. Cedric Leighton, a former intelligence officer in the Air Force. But he’d face some hurdles as president that wouldn’t exist for a CEO firing employees, he added. There are historical precedents for presidents handing their generals pink slips, but Trump wouldn’t be able to simply slot in replacements on his own: Generals have to be approved by the Senate. In an institution like the military where leaders pick their replacements, Leighton said that a new face could be “hard to sell to the rank and file — you have to consider morale and the ability of an organization like the Army or Air Force or Navy or Marine Corps to fall in line behind somebody who may not have the credentials they want.” Leighton added, “It could be potentially disruptive to the services.” On Russian TV, Trump says it's 'unlikely' Putin trying to sway election Democrats hit GOP candidate in Nevada over Trump support Related Posts Democratic Senators air concerns to IGs over Clinton email review Clinton plans to develop national standards to manage police shootings Who will Trump pick for the Supreme Court? Everything you need to know about CNN’s GOP debate Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
