Careers BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 12 signs your coworkers think you're dumb Áine Cain Oct. 3, 2016, 1:15 PM 83,825 facebook linkedin twitter email print Nobody wants to be treated like an idiot like Karen from "Mean Girls." Paramount Pictures In the 2004 cult hit "Mean Girls," Plastics member Karen Smith is frequently demeaned for her lack of intelligence. It's funny in the film, but nobody wants to be treated this way in real life — especially at work. In most instances, if you feel like you've been assigned the role of the resident office fool, there's probably a simple explanation. You're behaving in a way that makes people think you're stupid. Your coworkers are jerks. Both of the above. Before you can begin to figure out what the issue even is, you first must determine whether or not your colleagues are actually behaving in a condescending manner. Here are some clear signs that your colleagues do think you're dumb: 1. They always argue with you Some people just love to pick fights. But, if you feel like you're constantly getting piled on by multiple coworkers over minor things, then that's a bad sign. They might be squabbling because they see you as an easy target — someone they can put down to prove their own intelligence. However, keep in mind that it's important to differentiate between rude, mean, and bullying behavior — aggressive arguments should only be considered truly problematic if it's repeated over time and involves an imbalance of power, as Signe Whitson wrote for Psychology Today. 2. They're terse and sarcastic Don't you hate getting texts that just say "k"? The conversational equivalent of that may be a sign that your colleagues underestimate your intelligence. If their responses tend to be short and blunt with a side of sarcasm, then they probably don't value your insight very much. 3. Their body language is rude Sneering. Glaring. Staring. Smirking. Eye rolling. If you notice this contemptuous body language in your coworkers, then that pretty much confirms that you're the target of workplace mockery. 4. They ignore you Feeling ostracized in the office isn't a good sign. If people label you as stupid, then they won't think that you're worth consulting on projects. "We've been taught that ignoring someone is socially preferable — if you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all," University of British Columbia's Sauder School of Business Professor Sandra Robinson told the Daily Mail. "But ostracism actually leads people to feel more helpless, like they're not worthy of any attention at all." 5. They laugh at you Do your coworkers snicker after you say something that wasn't meant to be funny? Are you constantly the butt of jokes and pranks? Maybe your colleagues appreciate your good sense of humor, or maybe you're the office laughingstock. It's important to check back with yourself if you feel like others are mocking with you. Are you in on the joke and chuckling along with them? Does your office just have an environment where people bust each others' chops? Or is all the teasing making you feel humiliated? "People who are in the process of being humiliated are usually left stunned and speechless, and, more than that, voiceless," writes Dr. Neel Burton for Psychology Today. 6. They act surprised when you succeed When you triumph in the office, do you receive congratulations or stares of outright shock? If you're getting the latter, then your colleagues probably don't think very highly of your abilities. 7. They never ask you for help Are you constantly offering to assist people and getting shot down — even when you know for a fact that your coworkers could use more hands on deck? That's not good. They might think that you'll just make matters worse with your help. 8. They refuse to help you You ask for help and nobody lifts a finger. Maybe your coworkers are busy — or jerks. Alternatively, they might have just deemed your problem too silly or straightforward to waste time on. 9. You're down on yourself Feeling stupid can lead to a vicious cycle. If you think that you're dumb, then others may pick up on your self-critical vibes and go along with it, which in turn leads you to feel even less intelligent. So even if you feel completely out of your league, it's important to at least fake some confidence. Otherwise, people will swoop in and take advantage. 10. You talk a lot about your impressive abilities "The stupidest thing someone can do is overestimate themselves," Budapest's Institute of Psychology at Eotvos Lorand University professor Balazs Aczel told the Independent. "What that tells us is that you don't have to have a low IQ, in people's eyes, to act stupidly. You just have to mis-perceive your abilities." If this sounds like you, it's probably time to start practicing some self-awareness. 11. You curse a lot at work Swearing in the office may feel cathartic, but overdoing it will ruin your colleagues' perception of you, as Shana Lebowitz previously reported for Business Insider. 12. You're always terrified about looking stupid Oftentimes, we're so nervous about appearing incompetent that we'll forgo asking for help or insight. However, as Time reported, a report from Harvard Business School and Wharton discovered that "people who seek advice are likely to be thought of as more competent, at least by the people they're asking." So if you're in the habit of messing things up on your own, consider asking for assistance next times. Your coworkers' estimation of your intelligence will probably go up as a result SEE ALSO: 17 signs your coworkers secretly hate you NOW WATCH: There’s an app that analyzes your coworkers' personalities and it’s shockingly accurate Loading video... More: Dumb Idiot Coworkers Intelligence facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 12 signs your coworkers think you're dumb 12 signs your coworkers think you're dumb In the 2004 cult hit "Mean Girls," Plastics... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Careers Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Careers Select Instant MBA More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Answers Flickr Mobile Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow Us Exclusives Canada World Business Entertainment Sports Science & Tech Weather Video Viral Sorry dads! Scientists claim children inherit their intelligence from their mums Yahoo News October 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos In a blow to dads everywhere, children apparently inherit all their intelligence from their mums, according to scientists. Due to intelligence genes being carried on the X chromosome, women are more likely to pass them on as they have two, compare to one for men. And researchers in Glasgow believe genes for advanced cognitive functions which are inherited from the father may be automatically deactivated - meaning they have no effect on their children. Tests on mice found that those given extra maternal genes developed larger heads and brains but with smaller bodies, while those with added paternal genes had small brains and large bodies. View photos Genetics: Men have less chromosomes that carry intelligence genes than women (Rex/posed by models) MORE: Dog receives bravery award after saving family from electrical fire MORE: Women are unfaithful for very different reasons to men - and it’s not about sex The scientists extended their study to humans and after interviewing 12,685 people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year from 1994, concluded that that the best predictor of intelligence was the IQ of the mother. But while genetics may play a part in intelligence, scientists added that environmental factor also play a large part. Researchers at the University of Washington believe children who were supported emotionally have higher growth in the parts of the brain that are associated with memory, learning and stress response. This strong bond is thought to give a child a sense of security which gives them confidence to solve problems. Top pic: Rex/posed by models Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Shohei Otani's legend grows after making baseball disappear Big League Stew Ku Klux Klan plan a Donald Trump victory march Yahoo News UK Brad and Angelina ‘at war’ over painting Stewart Turner What you need to know about the supermoon CBC Girl reacts to finding out she's going to be a big sister in the best way possible Newsflare PHOTOS: Military vet spent years living in a Montreal shipping container Conor McGregor's next opponent: The UFC Yahoo Sports US Donald Trump is richer than all the presidents combined Yahoo Finance Weapon at St. John's bar, man nabbed for driving stolen vehicle CBC Moroccan vault protects seeds from climate change and war The Canadian Press Shark Bites Kayak Jukin Media These are the best countries for freedom of speech BlackBerry is going to make one last QWERTY phone for the fans Yahoo News UK 'Impossible' Space Engine Might Actually Work, Study Suggests SPACE.com Death toll rises to 50 in IS-claimed blast in Pakistan The Canadian Press Supermoon to light up sky beginning Monday morning The Canadian Press Python vs Blue Bull: SNAPPED IN THE WILD Barcroft TV Pictures of the week: Sheep, shrouds and stags Justice: Louise Bell's father finally learns who murdered his little girl 7News Private investigator questions claim that man shot by police had a knife CBC Puffin' on: Newfoundland and Labrador has highest smoking rates in country CBC Supermoon not so super after all CBC Energetic Baby Skunk Is Adorably Playful Storyful PHOTOS: Cute animals at Toronto's Royal Agricultural Winter Fair Raw: Super Moon Rises Over South Florida AP Canada Mother With MS Dances at Son's Wedding Storyful PHOTOS: For Inuit women, face tattoos come out from the past and ink to the present Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Learn how to evaluate the financial impact of your Omnichannel Engagement Center Solution investment. [Download Report] E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Trends Business Deals Trends Vendors CRM Products Strategy Customers Call Centers Consumer Protection Customer Data Customer Experience Customer Service Enterprise Apps Analytics Marketing Sales Mobile CRM Social CRM Practices Tools  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 13, 2016 11:35:31 PM PST CRM Buyer > Business > Trends | AI's Moment By Denis Pombriant Oct 7, 2016 3:58 PM PT There recently has been an increase in the talk -- pro and con -- about bots, AI and intelligent assistants. A lot of this talk has been percolating around the industry for decades. Silicon Collar, a book by Vinnie Mirchandani, a friend and truly gifted analyst, accepts that automation might be eliminating jobs, but it optimistically holds out for the silver lining. Businesses and individuals have been taking advantage of an opportunity to build new human-mediated processes -- and jobs -- that leverage intelligent systems, according to Mirchandani, who has documented the trend. 10 Years to Overnight Success Not so fast, says Esteban Kolsky, another friend and gifted analyst. Like many of us, Kolsky has seen this movie before. Adoption has been painfully slow, in his view. It's been so slow, in fact, that AI fails what I call the "Gates Test." You might recall that Bill Gates once said that we overestimate what we can do in two years and underestimate what we can do in 10. Indeed, the gestation period for an overnight success seems to be 10 years these days. However, a recent survey indicates a shift. "From the single digits in adoption they enjoyed for the entire 2002-2012 decade we are seeing adoption nearing 15 percent now for automated bots and intelligent assistants," Kolsky noted in a recent post. Slow indeed. What's been holding things back has been a lack of two things: 1) not enough computing power and 2) a clear need. The World Is Curving We can come up with plenty of scenarios in which a little help from something with AI embedded might seem good -- but on closer inspection, we might realize there are other ways to get the job done. AI is a heavy lift -- or at least it was at one time. Back when the working models of AI were established, computing power was not up to the job -- but really fast processors, multiple cores, flash memory, and the cloud have made it possible to concentrate the power needed to drive AI. However, that still leaves us with finding a clear need. I offer the following analogy: We live in a spreadsheet-dominated world with a linear mindset, but we are moving into a world where the lines are anything but straight. To make sense of curved lines, you need calculus. It's calculus -- especially the integral variety -- that tells us what's going on in a process that has plenty of funky ups and downs. In the spreadsheet era, which I firmly believe is ending, or at least transitioning, we searched for averages and made straight-line derivatives from them. This led to some dumb ideas, like calculating what an average deal is and trying to fit all deals into it as if it were a straightjacket. That thinking harkens back to the statistical awakening in the 19th century, when the term "average man" first came into use. The average man is a fiction -- but a highly usable one that gives us a basis for modeling. When you go for an average, though, you have to ignore some profitable outliers or other things that don't fit your model. In the age of business by transaction, the straight-line model was good enough. Nonetheless, over most of this century so far, we've seen that model become less effective as the vendor-customer relationship has moved toward the micro-transactions of subscriptions. A straight-line model doesn't work very well in subscriptions, because all transactions look the same at a micro level. It's only when you expand your view that you can see the micro-transactions that show trends that might be good or bad. As a result, we've been left without a model. New Math A model for the vendor-customer relationship that works involves calculus, at least at the metaphorical level. Calculus gives us the flexibility to model many variables involving customer demographics, purchase history, life-cycle stage, and of course the transaction before us. I think many people in business have a working appreciation of all this, though they are certainly still in the minority, and this is where AI comes in: I see its algorithms as calculus in a box. AI gives the average businessperson who has no interest in calculus, or who might have studied it decades ago, the ability to apply more sophisticated modeling to increasingly complex business. So, this is a long-winded attempt to say that at last we have a clear need for AI, as well as the horsepower to run it. The need is all around us -- and if you've ever caught yourself wondering at how sophisticated business and our supporting systems have become, you'll likely be grateful that there's a new weapon in the arms race. Denis Pombriant is a well-known CRM industry researcher, strategist, writer and speaker. His new book, You Can't Buy Customer Loyalty, But You Can Earn It, is now available on Amazon. His 2015 book, Solve for the Customer, is also available there. He can be reached at denis.pombriant@beagleresearch.com. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Denis Pombriant Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Smart home technology is here, and ... It has made my home safer and more enjoyable. I'm interested, but most of it is still too expensive. It's a mess. Too many disparate devices. It's not all that smart or reliable. Who needs it? I like my dumb home just fine. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU Facebook Share Price Falls Despite Blowout Quarter Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers TechNewsWorld First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Gadget Ogling: Mac's Back, Nintendo Returns, and Huawei Goes to the Edge Russia's Fancy Bear Attacks Microsoft, Adobe as Election Nears LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner CRM Buyer Headlines CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Entertainment Love & Sex Style Mind & Body Share < br />this article: I mean, this study says kids get their intelligence from their moms, but we’re not going to be shitty about it Lane Moore @hellolanemoore | 10.7.16 | 4:20 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Unsplash/London Scout Even though this was probably already texted to you by your super smart mom who has multiple Google alerts for mom-based news, a new study says kids get their intelligence from their moms, not their dads, but it’s not like we’re gonna be dicks about that. Nope. Just giving you the facts. The study, published in Psychology Spot, found that a mother’s genetic material determines how smart her kids are and the father’s genes don’t make any difference at all. And they also found that if the same intelligence gene is inherited from the father, it’s deactivated. DEACTIVATED, GUYS!!!! And, even more interesting, when the labs used a study with genetically modified mice with an additional dose of maternal genes, they developed bigger heads and brains, but smaller bodies. When the mics had an extra dose of paternal genes, they ended up with tiny little brains and huge bodies. I’m sorry. I’m gonna need to laugh about these images and what they represent to me for the next 45 minutes. Hahahahahahahahahaha. Bye guys. Hold on. Ok, I’m back. Now, because these scientists are very smart (they get it from their mommas), Glasgow-based researchers decided to interview 12,686 people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year from 1994 on and found that while the mother’s IQ was still the largest indicator of the child’s intelligence, they also found that only 40 to 60 percent of a person’s intelligence is determined by genes. So if you had dumb-dumb parents and you’re now a super genius, it’s totally possible that your environment changed that fate. That “environment” could mean a variety of things, but researchers at the University of Washington found that mothers who bonded with their children in the early years and supported them emotionally and intellectually had a 10 percent larger hippocampus (the part of the brain that is thought to be where your emotions and your memory are) at age 13 than mothers who were MIA. Now, dads, if you’re crying right now, stop (but also, keep crying because crying is great and should be an acceptable thing for men to do). Researchers also found that intuition and emotions might (might) be passed on from you to your kid, and, you know, if you truly bond with and nurture your child in a maternal way, then yes that could help with the “environment” factor. You get what you actively give, in a sense. Also, dads, you should just bond with your kids and nurture them and studd just because that’s a good thing for both parents to do, no matter what. Just an idea. You do you. Haha. Sorry, I’m laughing again. I don’t know if I’ll ever stop. Oh well.     Tags: father, genes, mother, science, study Recommended for you New study says Facebook users lead longer lives, and somehow that’s depressing Science proves women are already sure they want abortions even before they get to the doctor President Obama says we’ll be on Mars by 2030 after mocking Leonardo DiCaprio’s planned trip Way more straight men watch gay porn than you might have guessed If you have really big yawns, you could be a genius, according to new study Is semen good for your skin, or does he just want to bust on your face? FROM DEEP IN THE INTERNET frisky fresh: our weekly edit Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up can't stop, won't stop Gift Guide: For The Broke-But-Aspiring Gwyneth Gift Guide: For The Materialistic Social Media Witch Gift Guide: For Your Friend Who’s Transitioning MOBILE SITE The Frisky is part of SpinMedia About The Frisky About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Jobs News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion TERMINATED Future World War could be fought by rival computers and the crossfire will WIPE OUT humanity Academic warns of a grim scenario in which super-smart artificially intelligent machine minds fight a devastating conflict by JASPER HAMILL 7th October 2016, 12:49 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments A leading British academic has raised fears that rival computers could go to war with each other and end up destroying the world. Nick Bostrom, a world-leading academic who heads up the University of Oxford’s Future of Humanity Institute, is in the early stages of writing a paper about the threats posed by artificial intelligence. 3 Killer computers could be the worst thing that’s ever happened to humanity He has been applying his considerable intellect to the question of whether this planet would be big enough for two or more AIs – or whether this would lead to devastating conflict. Scientists are currently at the very early stage of developing “machine intelligence”. It is believed that an “intelligence explosion” which could happen within 50 years will boost computers’ intelligence to a level which is far beyond our own. But what would happen if two of these hyper-intelligent machines decided they had different goals and ended up going to war? Speaking to industry insiders at a tech conference this week, Bostrom said: “One of the things we don’t understand yet is the stability of a world with AI. “You can imagine a world with one AI system is stable, because it has enough control to prevent threats. Film Company 3 A killer robot from the Terminator films “But is there a stable world which is multi-polar [features a number of different AIs] at this level of technology? “With AI, we don’t yet know whether you could have a multi-polar world.” He also discussed the idea of a piece of technology in which “offence strongly dominates defence such that it would be possible  for any small group with that level of offensive capability to perform some action that destroys the world”. “So far we have been lucky not to have invented such a technology, but maybe some day we will and then idea of a multi-polar world where people do different things, depending on what they feel like, will no longer be stable,” he added. To illustrate one of his points, Bostrom gave the chilling example of a machine that’s built to make paperclips. If this machine is super-intelligent, it may decide that humans are standing in the way of its paperclip-building drive and kill us all to enhance its own productivity. If another rival computer thought paperclips were bad for its own mission, it could then make a decision to wipe out its rival. 3 Professor Stephen Hawking has warned that “full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race” Related Stories 16 days to doom Don’t make plans for Xmas, folks! The world is ‘going to end on July 29 as the magnetic poles reverse' WOOD YOU BELIEVE IT? Window cleaner spends TEN YEARS burying secret supplies in woods across UK in case of apocalypse 'it was over by tea time' Claims Brexit would spell economic doom dismissed as 'a very British apocalypse' Zombielievable! This resort in Montana teaches super rich how to prepare for a zombie apocalypse The academic said it was a “conservative assumption” that super-smart computers would be able to control armies of robots which do its bidding. Murder machines would also be able to outwit humans by lying about their intentions as they quietly plot our destruction. The only way to stop the coming apocalypse is to make sure artificially intelligent machines are built in a way which ensures they don’t hate humans and are therefore unlikely to bring about our demise. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News THE DONALD SPEAKS Donald Trump promises to 'immediately' deport 3 million immigrants, insists he will build a wall on… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News CHRISTMAS STARTS TODAY Amazon launches massive 12-day sale BEFORE Black Friday super sale with discounts up to 87% News KEEPING OFF THE RADAR 'Bored' missing schoolboy, 15, could be using Bear Grylls' survival skills to stay alive News I'M A CELEB MURDER MYSTERY Dead bodies found just miles from I'm A Celebrity camp as cops probe murder-suicide News Video ESCALATOR TRAGEDY Horrifying moment gran slips on escalator and drops a baby to its death from 30ft News WALNUT'S LAST WALKIES Heartbroken owner confirms beloved dog's death shortly after hundreds turned out for Walnut's final… News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News Becky KILLER ATTACKED BY LAGS Becky Watts' killer Shauna Hoare targeted in such heavy prison beatings she's had to be… News PAEDO SNARED Paedophile who sent naked shower selfie and vile messages to what he thought was 14-year-old girl is nabbed by… News Video RAINING COLD HARD CASH Amazing moment man hits jackpot at faulty cash machine when it starts spitting out money News Exclusive INVASION PLANS? North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un studies map of disputed South Korean island with military top brass News Exclusive MIRACLE OF BATACLAN Pregnant girl who clung on for life amid Paris terror attacks now has beautiful baby - and I saved them News QUAKE TRAGEDY Two dead as New Zealand rattled by powerful aftershock and tsunami after being struck by 7.8 magnitude… News Most Popular Video FIX FACTOR Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz THE DONALD SPEAKS Donald Trump promises to 'immediately' deport 3 million immigrants, insists he will build a wall on… News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living Pictured WHERE'S YOUR RESPECT? I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here fans in uproar at Ant and Dec’s disappearing poppies TV & Showbiz 'SCREW YOU' Jacqueline Jossa hits out at online trolls who claimed she was pregnant with baby number 2 TV & Showbiz ‘ANT IS SO HOT NOW’ I’m A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here viewers are LOVING Ant McPartlin’s ‘sexy’ beard TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Scientists Say Apes Can Predict Human Mistakes Mental Floss 07/10/2016 Kate Horowitz © Mental Floss Humans aren’t the only great apes that can ‘read minds’ Everybody’s got that one friend who just keeps making terrible choices. You can see the consequences a mile off; unfortunately, they can’t, and you know it. This concept—that we can anticipate other people’s beliefs or behaviors, even when we know they’re mistaken—seems uniquely human. Now Japanese researchers say apes can do it, too, albeit on a much simpler scale. They published their findings in the journal Science. Your recognition of your friend’s thoughts, beliefs, and feelings is what’s called the Theory of Mind (ToM). Possessing an awareness of other people’s inner lives is a complex mental task, and for a very long time, scientists believed we were the only ones who could manage it. But the more we learn about other animals’ brains, the more our certainty in our own supremacy unravels. The last few decades have shown us that other animals are indeed capable of all kinds of sophisticated thinking, from reading MRIs to fashioning tools. The idea that other animals might use ToM began to seem a little less far-fetched. Still, how would you test it? Testing animal intelligence is tricky for a lot of reasons. First, it’s very hard for humans—even scientists—to set aside their human-centric perspective. This results in experiments that measure how well animals can act like people, which is definitely not the same as measuring their intelligence. Second, well, animals can’t talk, and while we’ve gotten pretty good at interpreting certain behaviors, that doesn’t mean we understand one another. Fortunately, many of us have pretty good chimp and orangutan substitutes living right in our homes: little kids. Studies have found similar levels of intelligence in small children and non-human apes, which means that experiments that work with babies may translate well for our hairier cousins. Because babies can’t tell us what they’re thinking, researchers let them show us instead, often using a technique called gaze tracking. Researchers show a baby something, whether that’s a puppet or her mom or a scary mask, then videotape the baby’s response to track where her eyes move. The idea is that the more strongly the baby feels about something, the longer she’ll look at it. Babies have no poker faces. Animal behavior researchers have adopted gaze tracking for use with their own subjects and have taken it in some pretty interesting directions. Last year, Kyoto University’s Fumihiro Kano created the world’s first horror movies for apes, then watched the apes watching them. After repeated viewings, the apes apparently developed “favorite” moments and would pay even closer attention when they knew those parts were coming up. For the latest study, Kano teamed up with researchers from the U.S., the UK, and Germany to determine if other primates could use ToM. They produced another series of short films featuring a human and an “ape,” King Kong (KK, actually a person in a gorilla suit), essentially messing with each other’s heads. In one movie, the “person” hid an object in one place. Then KK came in and moved the object to a new hiding spot. In one version of the film, the person was there and watched KK hiding their stuff; in the other, KK was unobserved. Would apes who watched the second version of the movie expect the person to look for the treasure in their original hiding spot? In other words, could they anticipate that this deceived person would act like someone who’d been deceived? Yep. This sneaky version of the story was shown to 22 different apes (a mixture of chimpanzees, orangutans, and bonobos). Of those 22, 17 stared at the original hiding spot when the person came onscreen to start searching. They could guess what the poor sucker was about to do. Frans de Waal is a primatologist and a legend in the field of animal behavior. He was unaffiliated with the study, but praised it in an editorial in the same issue of Science. “This nonverbal paradigm is a genuine breakthrough not only because it avoids an undue reliance on language skills required to understand narrative and questions in theory of mind testing in children,” he wrote, “but also because it highlights the mental continuity between great apes and humans.” Know of something you think we should cover? Email us at tips@mentalfloss.com. Go to MSN Home More in News Hunt for prisoners ‘at risk to public’ after they flee jail Mirror Second tremor hits NZ hours after deadly quake kills two Mirror NHS plans involving hospital closures 'kept secret from public' Press Association Theresa May sets out stall for UK's place in Trump’s world The Guardian Diabetic grandmother dies after Chinese 'slap treatment' The Telegraph London-bound flight forced to land after stork-hit Evening Standard Up Next May faces Cabinet pressure over Trump-Farage ties International Business Times More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Mental Floss How Julia Child Got a White House State Dinner on Television Mental Floss Budapest’s Former Top-Secret Hospital Inside a Cave Mental Floss How Conman Jerry Balisok Pulled the Ultimate Disappearing Act Mental Floss 50 Incredible Animal Facts You'll Want to Share Mental Floss Mental Floss View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
null
Share 370 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 Dave Chappelle Comeback? Fans Hoping ‘Saturday Night Live’ Appearance Leads To A New Comedy Show For Chappelle Entertainment 2016-11-13 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Entertainment 2016-11-13 ‘Doctor Foster’ A Great Show On Netflix That You Aren’t Watching Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-13 Latest Wikileaks News: Whistleblower Site Claims It Did Not Support Any Particular Candidate, Suggests Files On War And Possible War Crimes May Be Released Soon News 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald Trump To Testify In Case Against Trump University? News 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald Trump Meets With First Foreign Party Leader, Brexit Champion Nigel Farage News 2016-11-13 ‘We Do Not Forgive. We Do Not Forget’: Check Out The Anonymous ‘Message To Donald Trump’ Video Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Overwatch’ Strike: Crispin Freeman Talks Negotiation With Activision, EA, & More Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date Gaming 2016-11-13 Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Fun Facts About Redheads SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Intelligence Is Inherited From The Mother: Father’s Genes Are Suppressed, But Do Make Difference In Child’s Intellect, Claims New Study Science 370 0 0 October 6, 2016 Intelligence Is Inherited From The Mother: Father’s Genes Are Suppressed, But Do Make Difference In Child’s Intellect, Claims New Study Patrick Frye It is the mother’s genes that influence and determine a child’s intellect, suggests a new research. While the father’s genes are present within the children, they lie suppressed. Nonetheless, paternal genes do play a role in the intelligence of their children. When it comes to intelligence, children take after their mother, according to the researchers at the University of Washington. It is the woman who is more likely to transmit genes that shape the child’s intelligence. Researchers supported their findings by noting that genes influencing intelligence are carried on the X chromosome, and women have two of these. Men, or fathers, have only a single X chromosome. Lucky for my kids: Children inherit their intelligence from their mother https://t.co/Z2QcFBCzVm #marriedup — Ross Silverman (@phlu) October 6, 2016 Similar research conducted in the past has corroborated the findings. However, the recently concluded study by researchers in Glasgow, Scotland, adds that genes responsible for advanced cognitive functions are inherited from the father’s side as well. But they are either automatically deactivated or remain suppressed. Could children be made smarter, simply by activating these suppressed or deactivated genes? According to the scientists, a category of genes known as “conditioned genes” are thought to work only if they come from the mother in some cases, and the father in other cases, reported Stock News USA. However, intelligence is the one of the few conditioned genes that works only when it comes from the mother. In other words, even if the child does inherit the smartness genes from the father, they lie deactivated. What does a child inherit from the father? While testing their hypothesis on rats, scientists discovered cells with paternal genes accumulated in parts of the limbic system. This part of the brain deals with much more primal and instinctive functions like sex, food, and aggression. The paternal genes were noticeably absent in the cerebral cortex. This part of the brain deals with evolved and advanced cognitive functions like reasoning, thought, language, and planning. Children Inherit Intelligence From Mothers, Says Study: Mother's genes may determine how clever the children … https://t.co/jlbnyQD8vY — Joy Lobo (@In_gene_year) October 6, 2016 Essentially, genetically modified mice with an extra dose of maternal genes developed bigger brains and relatively smaller bodies. Meanwhile, the rats with an extra dose of paternal genes had small brains and larger bodies. This led scientists to conclude that brain development happens because of the mother’s genes, but how well a child’s body develops depends on the father’s genes. To further corroborate their hypothesis, researchers interviewed 12,686 young people between the ages of 14 and 22 every year for two decades. Despite factoring in environmental factors, including race and socio-economic status, researchers were convinced that the best predictor of intelligence in the child was the IQ of the mother and not the father. Incidentally, genetics are not the only determining factor in development of intelligence. According to previous research, only 40 to 60 percent of intelligence is hereditary, reported The Times of India. In other words, the environment in which the child grows up plays an equally important part in the development of advanced cognitive functions. According to researchers, intelligence depends on mother's X chromosome, where the intellence genes are located. https://t.co/MaKkHsKuPu — Int. Engineering (@IntEngineering) September 28, 2016 Though the surroundings may have a substantial impact on the child’s smartness, it is the deep emotional bond the child shares with his or her mother that largely influences the development of intelligence. The secure and intimate bond a child has with the mother is a large part of the “non-genetic” part of intelligence. While this might be common knowledge, researchers confirmed the theory scientifically by analyzing the way a group of mothers related to their children for seven years. Children who enjoyed a close bond with their mother had their intellectual needs fulfilled, and were supported emotionally, had a 10 percent larger hippocampus at the age of 13, as compared to those who had an emotionally distant mother. While a mother’s love is crucial for her child’s mental and emotional development, the father’s role can’t be undermined. Devoted fathers help develop other important traits in their children like intuition and emotions. These components inherited from the father are crucial for an all-round development of intelligence, concluded the researchers. [Featured Image by Adam Berry/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Elon Musk Releases Video For Settling On Mars Now Read This: Mars Funnel Of Life: Scientists Insist Strange Funnel Surface Feature Best Chance At Finding Alien Life Share 370 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Patrick Frye Tags: genes, genetics, intelligence Comments LATEST HEADLINES Rob Kardashian Baby With Snapchat Filters Confirm He Is The Dad Meri Brown Of ‘Sister Wives’ Actually Supporting Charity That Helps Women Escape Polygamy ‘The Young And The Restless’ Spoilers: Travis Messes Up, Sharon Gets Arrested, Nick Faces Decisions, And Traci Returns Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] Angelina Jolie Moves On After Brad Pitt Gets Cleared Of Child Abuse Charges ‘Deadliest Catch’ News: Jake Harris Beaten, In Hospital As Brother Josh Gives Updates ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Sonny Confesses, Hayden Fights, Jax Opens Up To Alexis, And Franco Vows To Protect Elizabeth New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas EXO And BTS Will Be At ‘MAMA 2016’ — Both Popular K-Pop Boy Bands Will Headline The ‘2016 Mnet Asian Music Awards’ Luc Besson, Director Of ‘Valerian’ And ‘Fifth Element’, Discusses Connecting The Beatles’ Song To Trailer Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 225.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 46.2k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 77k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 23.8k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 20.6k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 8.3k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15.1k 0 0 Recent Headlines Miami Dolphins Vs. San Diego Chargers: Kiko Alonso Seals Victory With Pick-Six, Dolphins Headed For Winning Season? 0 0 0 Squirrel Leprosy Is Not Their First Attack Against Humans 1 0 0 President-Elect Donald Trump Meets With First Foreign Party Leader, Brexit Champion Nigel Farage 8 0 0 WWE News: Hulk Hogan Takes Blame For Bill Goldberg ‘Nitro’ Title Win 6 0 0 Hailey Baldwin Gets Flirty And Daring In New Bikini Selfie 0 0 0 ‘We Do Not Forgive. We Do Not Forget’: Check Out The Anonymous ‘Message To Donald Trump’ Video 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Leadspace Announces New Artificial Intelligence Features for Salesforce, Including Predictive Intelligence and Scoring and Site-Level Matching Inside the Salesforce Panel, and Automated TAM Analysis - Leadspace is the first predictive analytics platform to provide predictive scores and intelligence inside a Salesforce panel - Site-Level Matching lets sales teams see instantly where a prospect fits into the company hierarchy, by location and company structure - Leadspace Total Addressable Market (TAM) Analysis uses the power of AI-driven predictive analytics to find and validate new markets News provided by Leadspace Oct 06, 2016, 11:19 ET Share this article SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- While Dreamforce 2016 attendees await this afternoon's Salesforce Einstein keynote, Leadspace, the B2B predictive analytics and data management choice of seven of the 10 leading enterprise software companies, announced three new features to integrate the power of artificial intelligence into Salesforce for B2B marketers. Leadspace is the First Predictive Analytics Platform to Provide Predictive Scores and Intelligence Inside a Salesforce Panel For years, predictive vendors have appended numbers (scores) to lead, contact, and account records. But those scores are often meaningless to the sales reps using Salesforce to target and engage with customers. Today, Leadspace becomes the only vendor to add predictive scores and intelligence directly into a Salesforce panel, so sales reps can understand, use and trust the information. Salesforce CRM users will instantly see the predictive score of every lead, contact and account in their CRM, plus the predictive signals contributing to the score to help them understand the score's basis and value. And they will see enriched information about the person and company to help them connect and engage more effectively. For example, instead of seeing only that a prospect has a title related to human resources, and the name of the company they work for, a rep will see the prospect's specific job functions (like onboarding, recruiting, talent development or training), what technologies the person uses daily, complete firmographic information on the company and its corporate hierarchy and whether the prospect works at headquarters or a regional site. Plus, the record includes the prospect's picture and professional activity feed gathered from social media sites and the Web. All of this data and intelligence come together in one Salesforce panel, equipping sales reps to have better, more targeted, effective conversations. Plus, the new Leadspace panel is highly interactive, with direct links to lead and account social profiles, the ability to "click to copy" contact information, as well as update contact records directly in Salesforce when Leadspace finds the information has changed. Site-Level Matching Lets Sales Teams See Instantly Where a Prospect Fits into the Company Decision-Making Hierarchy, by Location and Company Structure Traditional CRM records make no distinction between an executive at an enterprise company headquarters, and a counterpart in a subsidiary division located in an office a thousand miles away. Sales reps frequently waste time trying to reach a prospect with the right title in the wrong office, only to learn that buying decisions are made at HQ. Leadspace Site-Level Matching uses the data in the Leadspace Virtual Data Management Platform with advanced AI-driven semantic understanding to give a clear view of who a prospect is, their job functions beyond just their title, and insight into where they sit in the company's decision-making hierarchy. Once again, all this information is available inside the Salesforce panel, preventing wasted time and effort by sales teams. Leadspace Total Addressable Market (TAM) Analysis Uses the Power of AI-Driven Predictive Analytics to Find and Validate New Markets Before any smart company starts a new product line or investigates a new sales territory, they perform a Total Addressable Market (TAM) analysis to forecast the potential ROI of that venture. Typically, TAM analyses have been performed with a hodgepodge of outdated research from directories, trade associations and government organizations. Leadspace brings the power of artificial intelligence to TAM analysis, valuing new markets with the same predictive methods used to find ideal prospects. Using a company's historical sales data, combined with firmographic, demographic and industry information from across the Web, aggregated by the Leadspace Virtual Data Management Platform, Leadspace's advanced AI-driven predictive algorithms identify potential new markets for products and services, and predict the total dollar value of those markets. Leadspace TAM Analysis gives companies the tools to find new markets and validate their potential for success before spending money, time and effort. "These new features bring the power of artificial intelligence to solving key issues faced by B2B sales and marketing teams," said Leadspace VP of Product Travis Kaufman. "Because they are integrated into Salesforce, marketers can collaborate with their sales counterparts, define the right target accounts and deliver qualified leads within those accounts in a way that aligns with how their sales teams work." About Leadspace Leadspace is the B2B predictive analytics and data management solution chosen by seven of the 10 largest enterprise software companies. Leadspace helps marketers increase lead conversion and boost pipeline with net-new lead discovery, on-demand database enrichment and predictive lead scoring, on both the company and individual employee level. Leadspace is trusted by more than 120 leading B2B brands including Oracle, Microsoft, Autodesk, RingCentral and BloomReach. Based in San Francisco and Tel Aviv, Leadspace is backed by Battery Ventures, JVP and Vertex. www.leadspace.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160815/398198LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leadspace-announces-new-artificial-intelligence-features-for-salesforce-including-predictive-intelligence-and-scoring-and-site-level-matching-inside-the-salesforce-panel-and-automated-tam-analysis-300340637.html SOURCE Leadspace Related Links http://www.leadspace.com Oct 05, 2016, 10:18 ET Preview: Artificial Intelligence for B2B Marketing--Available Now from Leadspace My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 05, 2016, 10:18 ETArtificial Intelligence for B2B Marketing--Available Now from... Sep 07, 2016, 09:42 ETLeadspace and LeanData Partner to Drive ABM with Unparalleled... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software New Products & Services Trade Show News You just read: Leadspace Announces New Artificial Intelligence Features for Salesforce, Including Predictive Intelligence and Scoring and Site-Level Matching Inside the Salesforce Panel, and Automated TAM Analysis News provided by Leadspace Oct 06, 2016, 11:19 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Children inherit intelligence from mothers: study Press Trust of India | Washington Oct 06, 2016 06:13 PM IST Mother's genes may determine how clever the children will be, whereas the father makes no difference to their intelligence levels, a new research suggests. Women are more likely to transmit intelligence genes to their children as they are carried on the X chromosome and women have two of these, while men only have one. Advanced cognitive functions which are inherited from the father may be automatically deactivated, according to the researchers at the University of Washington in the US. A category of genes known as "conditioned genes" are thought to work only if they come from the mother in some cases and the father in other cases. Intelligence is believed to be among the conditioned genes that have to come from the mother. Laboratory studies using genetically modified mice found that those with an extra dose of maternal genes developed bigger heads and brains, but had little bodies. Those with an extra dose of paternal genes had small brains and larger bodies, 'The Independent' reported. Researchers identified cells that contained only maternal or paternal genes in six different parts of the mouse brains which controlled different cognitive functions, from eating habits to memory. Cells with paternal genes accumulated in parts of the limbic system, which is involved in functions such as sex, food and aggression. However, researchers did not find any paternal cells in the cerebral cortex, which is where the most advanced cognitive functions take place, such as reasoning, thought, language and planning. Research makes it clear that genetics is not the only determinant of intelligence - only 40 to 60 per cent of intelligence is estimated to be hereditary, leaving a similar chunk dependent on the environment. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Benami properties, gold next: PM Modi Donald Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants Banks shut today, ATMs open, withdraw Rs 2500 a day: Top developments Demonetisation: Dear PM, please don't mock the people waiting in long queues After demonetisation, benami property holders the next target: PM Modi More From Current Affairs Nitish appoints 3 new JD(U) national spokesmen Demonetisation move has led to financial anarchy: Sena FDI in services sector jumps to USD 5.28 bn during Apr-Sep Four killed, seven injured in road mishap Cooperation only right choice to strengthen ties: Xi to Trump [ more ] Top Stories What is Benami Property? All your questions answered Buck up Amazon, Flipkart has found gold in Jabong Money rush: ATMs will start dispersing Rs 2000 notes from today Shareholders vs board: Is opposing Tata Sons true sign of board independence? After Twitter war with Kejriwal, Paytm gets into another controversy with its new 'drama' ad [ more ] Markets Markets closed on account of Guru Nanak Jayanti Macro data, Fed comments among 6 events that will set market tone this week Agriculture mandi comes to halt due to liquidity crisis Govt likely to put curbs on jewellers Commodity picks: 14 November, 2016 [ more ] Companies Buck up Amazon, Flipkart has found gold in Jabong Shareholders vs board: Is opposing Tata Sons true sign of board independence? Intex eyes Rs 100 cr mark in Indian mobile accessories market Full text: Cyrus Mistry defends independent directors of Tata Sons Tata Sons has stooped to a new low: Cyrus Mistry [ more ] Opinion Demonetisation: Dear PM, please don't mock the people waiting in long queues Demonetisation won't curb fresh generation of black money Preparing for the promise of Trump Managing complexities in corporate governance SC harmonises debt recovery laws [ more ] Latest News What is Benami Property? All your questions answered Micro ATMs, more cash withdrawals: Modi directs steps to disburse more money Hindi to be part of foreign languages for Australian pre-schoolers Govt measures slow down ancillary revenue of airlines Modi asks banks to waive e-transaction charges [ more ] Today's Paper Tata Sons has stooped to a new low: Cyrus Mistry Day 4: Chaos at banks, ATMs, trade collapses in small towns ATMs to dispense Rs 2,500; banks to exchange Rs 4,500 per day Tata Steel boardroom drama: How independent directors did a flip-flop Benami properties, gold next: PM Modi [ more ] News you can use Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget Getting justice in cyber crime is difficult [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIMksj Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology OK, Google - who will win the AI wars? Rory Cellan-Jones Technology correspondent 6 October 2016 From the section Technology comments Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sundar Pichai says his goal is to use AI to build "a personal Google" for each of its users "We're moving from a mobile first to an AI-first world." That was how Google's boss, Sundar Pichai, began a presentation on Tuesday, at which his company unveiled a range of new hardware products. He believes that the key attraction of both the new Pixel smartphones and the Google Home smart speaker is the company's expertise in artificial intelligence as demonstrated by the Google Assistant. The search company believes that the vast amount of data it has collected over the years, coupled with its expertise in machine learning, will give it a head start in the coming AI battle. Image copyright Google Image caption Google Assistant can find information, carry out tasks and control other internet-connected kit The company hopes that Google Assistant, a conversational chatbot or virtual PA, will soon be a key feature on all sorts of Android devices, not just those it makes itself. If Mr Pichai has his way, we will soon be shouting: "OK Google," to get all sorts of information and services. But on Thursday came news that showed that the biggest player on Android may not be so keen on that idea. Samsung has announced that it is buying Viv, an artificial intelligence company started by the same people who created the virtual assistant Siri, and then sold it to Apple. Media captionViv, the voice-controlled virtual assistant, was demoed in May Viv, according to Samsung, is "a unique, open artificial intelligence platform that gives third-party developers the power to use and build conversational assistants and integrate a natural language-based interface into renowned applications and services". That appears to be a pretty good description of what Google is doing with its AI. But it sounds as though Samsung may decide that Viv will be a key differentiator on its Galaxy phones - and vast range of household appliances - as it battles to retain its position at the top end of the Android market in competition with the Google Pixel. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Samsung has a wide range of electronics that could benefit from Viv, in addition to its handsets And other technology giants are flexing their own AI muscles. Apple of course has Siri, Microsoft has Cortana, and IBM's Watson has been around for a while and is beginning to make its presence felt in a number of commercial applications. We also learned on Thursday UK lenders Royal Bank of Scotland and NatWest would use chatbots based on Watson to answer simple customer queries. Image copyright RBS Image caption IBM Watson's virtual agent is able to understand and learn from human interactions Then there is Alexa, the AI at the heart of Amazon's voice-controlled Echo speaker. Amazon has opened up the Alexa platform to outside developers, and there are already a few Alexa-powered devices out there in the market. The Echo is in only a few million homes so far, but talking to her (it?) is already proving a compelling example of the promise - and current limitations - of an AI conversational program. Alexa is pretty good at understanding what you are saying, but not so smart at dealing with follow-up questions. Media captionAmazon says its Echo speakers were inspired by Star Trek And this is where Google believes its AI has an edge, saying its Assistant has contextual awareness that allows it to carry on a conversation beyond an initial question. The company gives as an example the query: "Who is the current British prime minister?" Try this out with Google, Alexa and Apple's Siri, and all three will produce the answer: "Theresa May". But follow up with: "How old is she?" and Siri says: "I'm afraid I couldn't find anything on 'How old is she?'" while Alexa tells you she does not understand the question. But the Google Assistant knows you are referring to Mrs May and comes back with: "Theresa May is 60 years old." Of course, we are at the very early stages of this revolution, and much may change as each AI learns by doing. What is more, none of them has yet convinced a significant number of people that conversing with a smart device is something really useful rather than a bit of fun, which you try and then forget. Both Amazon and Google are betting that this moment comes when we walk through the front door and say: "OK Google, turn on the lights," or: "Alexa, turn up the heat in the hallway." Now we know that Samsung and perhaps IBM's Watson may also be competing to give us similarly compelling AI experiences. Image copyright Apple Image caption Siri can be used on Apple's TV set-top box, but the company does not have a voice-activated speaker The mystery is what Apple is up to. Siri first came to the iPhone five years ago, providing the first experience of a virtual assistant for many. Since then, while the program has appeared on more Apple devices, and is now on its desktop Macs, it has failed to define this new category. Where is the Siri speaker or Siri car? You can be certain that hundreds, perhaps thousands of artificial intelligence experts are at work in Cupertino. But exactly what ambition Apple has to be a key player in the AI future remains unclear. View comments Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More Technology stories Top Stories Trump makes first picks for White House team US President-elect Donald Trump gives key roles to a top Republican and a conservative media chief. 14 November 2016 NHS bosses 'trying to keep cuts secret' 14 November 2016 Skywatchers prepare for 'supermoon' 13 November 2016 Features Brexmas What might Brexit's impact be on England's winter markets? Barred from Liberland The president unable to enter the tiny country he created Breaking the link Why are poverty and cancer connected? Top job Will Britain ever have a black PM, asks David Harewood Video Station Road What's it like to own a house you could never afford now? ‘Terrible things’ The Iraqi women who came back home after fleeing IS Daring do The model challenged to set up a luxury travel firm I will always love him The letters I wrote to my WW2 fiance still make me weep Test star excites Agnew Haseeb Hameed debut an 'I was there' moment News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us We inherit our intelligence from our mums Ashitha Nagesh for Metro.co.ukThursday 6 Oct 2016 1:22 pm Thanks mum! (Picture: Getty Images) If you’re really, really smart, then you should give your mum a call to say thanks. Apparently we inherit our cleverness (or lack of) from our mums, not our dads. Three 'dangerous' inmates on the run from prison Mothers are reportedly more likely to pass on intelligence genes to their kids than fathers because these are carried on the X chromosome. Women, of course, have two X chromosomes while men have just one X and one Y. But on top of this, scientists believe the intelligence genes that are inherited from the father are automatically deactivated. Yay (Picture: Getty Images) According to a Psychology Spot blog post from March, lab studies on genetically modified mice found that those with extra doses of maternal genes developed bigger heads and brains, while those with more paternal genes had smaller brains and heads (no Pinky and the Brain jokes). 'Dear friends of Emily': Volunteers slam drunk girl's friends after they abandoned her on night out Then, looking at humans rather than mice, researchers at Glasgow’s Medical Research Council interviewed 12,686 participants every year from 1994. Accounting for several factors, from skin colour to education and socio-economic status, they found that the best predictor of intelligence was the IQ of the mother. But if you’re a bit dumb and your mum is super-smart, don’t be too surprised. Apparently genetics only accounts for around 40% to 60% of human intelligence, while the rest depends on someone’s environment. MoreScience Woman who painted disabled bay outside her house is given £75 parking fine Cost of a pint could be about to go up by 30p Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es This is why you should kick your partner out of bed Sponsored13 coolest children's toys this year Someone's made a Jeremy Corbyn Christmas single MORE: Men are ‘more violent when there are lots of women around’ MORE: The false widows are coming and they’re randy as hell MORE: When can I drive after drinking? Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » BreakingNews Mass evacuation after two-metre tsunami hits New Zealand following earthquake UK's first ever ethnic minority judge, Mota Singh, dies aged 86 First ever Remembrance service held for fallen war horses There's a petition to ban shops from opening on Boxing Day Hate crimes soar across the US after Donald Trump electedMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: UK › Science Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 6 October 2016 | MYT 4:58 PM Tech titans join to study artificial intelligence Staving off killer robots: The establishment of "Partnership on AI,” focused on helping the public understand the technology and practices in the field of artificial intelligence, comes amid concerns that new AI efforts could spin out of control and end up being detrimental to society. — AFP SAN FRANCISCO: Major technology firms have joined forces in a partnership on artificial intelligence, aiming to cooperate on “best practices” on using the technology “to benefit people and society.”  Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM, and Google-owned British AI firm DeepMind announced a non-profit organisation called “Partnership on AI” focused on helping the public understand the technology and practices in the field.  The move comes amid concerns that new artificial intelligence efforts could spin out of control and end up being detrimental to society.  The companies “will conduct research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open license in areas such as ethics, fairness, and inclusivity; transparency, privacy, and interoperability; collaboration between people and AI systems; and the trustworthiness, reliability, and robustness of the technology,” according to a statement.  Academics, non-profit groups, and specialists in policy and ethics will be invited to join the board of the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society (Partnership on AI).  Microsoft meanwhile took a further step on artificial intelligence, announcing a unit devoted to “democratising” the technology, with more than 5,000 computer scientists and engineers.  Microsoft expected its new AI and Research Group to speed up putting human-like thinking into virtual assistants, applications, services and computing infrastructures.  ”We are focused on empowering both people and organizations, by democratizing access to intelligence to help solve our most pressing challenges,” Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella said in a release.  ”To do this, we are infusing AI into everything we deliver across our computing platforms and experiences.”  The new unit will include scientists from Microsoft Research, Bing and Cortana product groups, and its Ambient Computing and Robotics teams.  Late last year, SpaceX founder and Tesla chief executive Elon Musk took part in creating nonprofit research company OpenAI devoted to developing artificial intelligence that will help people and not hurt them.  Musk found himself in the middle of a technology world controversy by holding firm that AI could turn on humanity and be its ruin instead of a salvation.  Google, Apple, Facebook and Microsoft are among technology giants that have been investing in making machines smarter, contending the goal is to improve lives.  ”If we create some digital super-intelligence that exceeds us in every way by a lot, it is very important that it be benign,” Musk said at a Code Conference in California in June.  A danger, he contended, was that highly advanced artificial intelligence would be left to its own devices, or in the hands of a few people, to the detriment of civilisation as a whole. — AFP You May Be Interested Alibaba posts record Singles' Day sales Bangladesh hopes to recover US$30mil more from cyber heist Progress, but uphill slog for women in tech Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read There’s money in Bulgarian honey Cops: Coastal and riverine smuggling on the rise Footwear icon Jimmy Choo all for dimsum.my advertisement Latest News Bangladesh hopes to recover US$30mil more from cyber heist Revealing an actor's age is illegal? IMDb website sues California Dubai, Saudi to launch US$1bil e-commerce site Twitter impresses advertisers with BuzzFeed US election livestream Broadband in 2,000 more Thai villages by March Most Viewed in Tech Zuckerberg again rejects claims of Facebook impact on US election Revealing an actor's age is illegal? IMDb website sues California Get yourself some dimsum Twitter impresses advertisers with BuzzFeed US election livestream Broadband in 2,000 more Thai villages by March Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of US$81mil stolen in cyber heist Rynet Malaysia offers training for PHP certification Dubai, Saudi to launch US$1bil e-commerce site Alibaba posts record Singles' Day sales Overwatch will be free to play for a weekend Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
Go Monday 14 November 2016 News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 FUNAAB threatens to sack striking NASU workers 2 hours ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Don’t rename Petroleum Industry Bill 3 hours ago  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money FG considers incentives for multinationals’ listing 2 hours ago  Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Facilitating the duplicity of smart technologies and innovation in Africa 5 hours ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Conte supported my decision to play at Rio 2016 Olympics, says Mikel 3 hours ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Mark Angel Comedy, 2 other Nigerians win SSA YouTube Awards 1 day ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Mimiko donates food to women in Ilaje, Irele, targets 70,000 beneficiaries across state 3 hours ago  Policy & Politics More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Features  |  Executive Briefs   Choose to be the best By Anyaele Sam Chiyson   |   07 October 2016   |   2:23 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email PHOTO: shutterstock You are unique and special! You are one and only of your kind, you are a rare success with uncommon accomplishments. You have an extra-ordinary intelligence that is inspiring others to find their voice. You are living for a purpose that is powerful as you. You have the orientation and direction that is out of this world. You are giving lives a new meaning! You are manifesting striking results; you have a quality of life that can outlive your life. You are a rare being who sees things differently. You have paid the price to bring your vision into reality. You are the reason for the season; you are full of strength and beauty. Your strength of conviction and successful drive to make the world a better place is mind-blowing. You are pushing forth and moving forward! The way you are contributing meaningfully to the growth and development of nations is life-giving. This is the real you that I know and I urge you to choose to be the success you are. Every one of us is born with the prerogative of determining and the exercise of that prerogative. We have the ultimate freedom to decide how successful we want to become in this life. You and I are responsible for the way we fly our colors respectively. Life and circumstances do not determine our success state. We are endowed with the power to opt for the best; we have the best option. We have been elected to take, adopt or accept only the very best; we have the power to be very successful in this life. Success is a lifestyle and this lifestyle starts in the mind. Success starts in your complex element that feels, perceives, thinks, wills and especially reasons. The way you feel, perceive, think, will and reason determines how well you will rule the world. What do you allow to operate in your head? What are you fixing your thoughts on? Remember that you are in charge of how you hold things in view. You are also responsible for the things you occupy yourself with. The way you set your mind to work matters a lot. You have a desire to act in the right direction. You are the right person with the self-mastery of your success. You have the ultimate right to choose your successful lifestyle. You have freedom from doubt, your life is free from wavering; you have the ultimate freedom to make a success. You are free to go through your consideration but there is a better work to do. Do not yield an inch to challenges; have the bit in your teeth and be champing of the bit to progress towards success. Success is an active state of continuous realization of results through the power of choice. You think success and feel the power you need to fully succeed in accordance with your desires. You make a success and have all things result in gained success for you. You make your mark differently and distinctively. You make a greater difference and transform lives graciously. You make things to result favorably according to plans and desires. You are in charge and on top of things. You are the right person to make what you think and feel to become things you desire. You are responsible for bringing the successful lifestyle you desire into your real life experience. The way you condition your mind to function affects your life and accomplishment. You need to be brave enough to decide what you truly want to accomplish. You really need to be the bravest of the brave, create solutions that will successfully satisfy your quest for greater fulfillment. You can do the right things by yourself and do very well in this life. You can make a success and get to the top of the success ladder. Make up your mind to reach forth to your dreams and fulfill your purpose for living. You do not waste your time and bury opportunities; make it big and make the big time. Everything is turning out well for you, choose to be the best. Anyaele Sam Chiyson is an International Best-Selling Author, Inspirational/Financial Speaker, Business/Marriage Consultant. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: success You may also like Erisco Foods threatens to suspend operations 7 Oct  Features RT. Briscoe to protect customers as Ford dealership ends 7 Oct  Features Aspiring political office holders should be mandated to undertake professional Administration competency training says Dr. Chima 7 Oct  Features Latest FUNAAB threatens to sack striking NASU workers 2 hours ago  Nigeria Compulsory leave order not meant to sack workers, says Aregbesola 2 hours ago  Nigeria Court clears Nze Duru of alleged pension scam charges, as EFCC withdraws case 2 hours ago  Nigeria FG considers incentives for multinationals’ listing 3 hours ago  Money Don’t rename Petroleum Industry Bill 3 hours ago  Opinion More   News FUNAAB threatens to sack striking NASU workers 2 hours ago  Nigeria Compulsory leave order not meant to sack workers, says Aregbesola 2 hours ago  Nigeria Court clears Nze Duru of alleged pension scam charges, as EFCC withdraws case 2 hours ago  Nigeria States to get N20b each for infrastructure 3 hours ago  Nigeria Trending APC crisis deepens as Tinubu evades peace meeting 8 Nov 23  Nigeria Algerians can’t score against me, says Ezenwa 6 Nov 1  Sport Rohr reveals why Chelsea coach is ‘punishing’ Mikel Obi 3 days ago 11  Sport Ondo jubilates over Appeal Court ruling in favour of Eyitayo Jegede 2 days ago 1  News Nigerians mock Soyinka, TB Joshua over Donald Trump 9 Nov 6  Nigeria Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2016 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Gadgets Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Yawning And Intelligence: Longer Yawns Mean Bigger Brains 6 October 2016, 9:11 pm EDT By Rhodi Lee Tech Times Health - Tips For A Longer And Healthier LifeNow Playing Five Interesting Facts About StressNow Playing A new research that involved 29 mammals suggests a link between yawning and brain size. Animals with bigger brain were found to yawn longer.   ( Joe Raedle | Getty Images ) Advertisement People tend to yawn when they are tired and bored but findings of a new study suggest a link between yawning and intelligence. Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York at Oneonta, and his team looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals involved in the study have brain weight that have already been documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realized that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. Gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants, for instance, may have massive sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain. Earlier studies suggest that across species, relative large brains appear to be correlated with complex cognitive skills and more social strategies. Scientists however, consider the brain mass relative to the animal's body size when making speculations about cognitive abilities. Gallup's research team also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, said it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "Using openly accessible data, we show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," the researchers wrote in their study, which was published in Biology Letters on Oct. 4 "Consistent with these effects, primates tend to have longer and more variable yawn durations compared with other mammals." The correlation between brain size and yawn length may be explained by a theory that Gallup proposed in 2007. The idea posits that animals yawn to cool their brains. If this theory is correct, it can help explain why larger brains need a larger yawn to cool and regulate the brain temperature. It also stands to reason why human yawns, which last about 6.5 seconds, are the longest in the animal kingdom beating those of other larger animals with known small brains. Not all scientists, however, are convinced of the cooling function of yawning. TAG Intelligence, brain, Human Brain © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Yawning Is More Contagious Among Women, Study Finds Soy sauce element, yawning cause, sun's sibling are among top 5 scientific revelations of the week Yawning alot? It's just your body trying to regulate your brain temperature Yawning linked to age and not empathy, new study suggests From Our Sponsor Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones: Buying Tips If you're out in the market looking to buy wireless headphones, especially active noise cancelling wireless headphones, here's a list of things you should consider. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? 2 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P To Get Night Mode Again After Android 7.1 Nougat Update Removed It 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 7 Animals Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor 9 Ancient Mating With Neanderthals And Denisovans Helped Ancient Humans Survive Outside Africa 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat: How To Use Multi-Window Mode On Android 7.0 EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Viv AI voice assistant heading to Samsung devices following buy-out AFP Relax News•October 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Viv is an intelligent voice assistant that can respond to questions formulated in natural language.More Samsung has bought Viv Labs, an AI startup that developed a voice assistant capable of responding to natural language, marking a clear step forward in the firm's artificial intelligence strategy. According to Injong Rhee, CTO of Samsung's mobile communications business, the tech giant's aim is to offer customers the best user experience across all its products and in all situations. Beyond boosting the brand's upcoming smartphones, the Viv acquisition could potentially bring AI technology to all the South Korean tech firm's products (TVs, fridges, etc.). With Viv's technology, Samsung hopes to offer to its users a simplified and intelligent interface, and an AI-based virtual assistant that understands the user's context and offers the most appropriate and convenient suggestions and recommendations. Samsung's strategy echoes the recent announcements made by Google, whose freshly unveiled Pixel smartphones are the first to come with its new virtual assistant. This is much more advanced than Google Now, and can analyze elements displayed onscreen or in the device history to anticipate certain actions or requests. Artificial intelligence is one of the major fields of development in tech world. In this respect, Viv stands out from the competition as an open ecosystem that doesn't just offer preprogrammed replies. Instead, it writes them itself, as it goes along, and is capable of responding to questions formulated in natural language. According to its creators, Viv can, for example, answer a complex question with several elements, such as: "Will it be warmer than 70 degrees near Golden Gate Bridge after 5PM the day after tomorrow?" The assistant corroborates a multitude of contextual information from the internet to formulate the most intelligible and accurate reply possible. Viv even writes its own code, evolving each time it answers new questions, whereas other voice assistants simply search for readymade answers. In fact, Viv promises to constantly hone its relevancy over time. Viv stands apart from other current voice assistants, which, as yet, are much more limited in their abilities. Current rivals include Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Amazon's Echo. Ironically, Viv Labs was co-founded by Dag Kittlaus and Adam Cheyer, who previously helped create Siri, which became Apple's voice assistant and a key rival for Samsung. Find out more about Samsung's AI strategy here: youtu.be/TrjWhQuPvig Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next “This campaign was never about you”: A former Hillary Clinton staffer on the candidate’s powerful legacy Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump tells “60 Minutes” he won’t take a salary as US president Quartz New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Watch a Tesla Model S P100D race against a $265,000 McLaren 650S Spider BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech PewDiePie Is the Most Popular YouTube Star in the World. Why? Yahoo Tech The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech This self-driving car is a living room on wheels Yahoo Finance You can carry this tiny scooter in your bag Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Expert System enriches its offering for Finance and Insurance The application of Cogito's artificial intelligence for the automation of operational processes brings greater efficiency to banking and insurance companies News provided by Expert System Oct 06, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article ROCKVILLE, Md., Oct. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Expert System (EXSY.MI), the leader in cognitive technology for the effective management of unstructured information, has enriched its offering for the finance and insurance sector by extending the capabilities of the cognitive Cogito technology to new areas such as insurance claims management. Based on the ability to understand the meaning of text, Cogito's intelligence improves the efficiency of activities based on the management and correlation of information. It allows access to and use of information in real time, with the highest possible accuracy. In the insurance sector, for example, Cogito simplifies claims management and limits the use of resources for repetitive, low value activities. In turn, Cogito offers a range of benefits, including reduced margins of error and operating times, and increased timeliness and satisfaction to improve the overall quality of customer relations. "Claims, support requests and other customer interaction data are strategically important in banking and insurance," said Daniel Mayer, CEO, Expert System Enterprise. "Our artificial intelligence solutions deliver game-changing acceleration and reliability to decision making processes, enabling increased customer satisfaction." The new offering for strengthening Expert System's finance and insurance services and solutions was announced at the European insurance event, "Insurance Analytics Europe" (October 5-6 in London), and highlighted in the conference session "How Cognitive Computing Will Disrupt and Innovate Insurance". More information about the session and the complete event agenda is available at: http://events.insurancenexus.com/insuranceanalyticseu/conference-agenda.php About Expert System Expert System is a leading provider of cognitive computing and text analytics software based on the proprietary, patented, multilingual semantic technology of Cogito. Using Expert System's products, enterprise companies and government agencies can go beyond traditional keyword approaches for the rapid sense making of their structured and unstructured data. Expert System technology has been deployed to deliver solutions for a vast range of business requirements such as semantic search, open source intelligence, multilingual text analytics, natural language processing and the development and management of taxonomies and ontologies. Expert System serves some of the world's largest industries including Banking and Insurance, Life Sciences and Pharmaceuticals, Oil and Gas, Media and Publishing, and Government including companies such as Shell, Chevron, Eli Lilly, Networked Insights, Nalco Champion, US Department of Justice, DTRA, BAnQ, Biogen, Bloomberg BNA, Elsevier, Gannett, IMF, RSNA, P\S\L, Sanofi, SOQUIJ, The McGraw-Hill Companies, Thomson Reuters, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Wiley and Wolters Kluwer.  For more information visit www.expertsystem.com, follow us on Twitter at @Expert_System Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151118/288932LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/expert-system-enriches-its-offering-for-finance-and-insurance-300340000.html SOURCE Expert System Related Links http://www.expertsystem.com Oct 11, 2016, 04:00 ET Preview: Expert System dévoile de nouvelles applications cognitives dédiées à la digitalisation du secteur de l'Assurance Sep 21, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Expert System and NominoData Partner to Deliver Next Generation AML and Compliance Cognitive Solutions My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 24, 2016, 03:00 ETExpert System erweitert sein Angebot für die Finanz- und... Oct 19, 2016, 03:00 ETExpert System weiterhin auf Expansionskurs Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Banking & Financial Services Insurance You just read: Expert System enriches its offering for Finance and Insurance News provided by Expert System Oct 06, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Samsung to work with founders of Siri on artificial intelligence Samsung to work with founders of Siri on artificial intelligence Source : Last Updated: Thu, Oct 06, 2016 18:04 hrs Tweet Mail Print , Oct. 6 (ANI): Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. today announced that it has agreed to acquire Viv Labs Inc., the intelligent interface to everything. Viv has developed a unique, open artificial intelligence (AI) platform that gives third-party developers the power to use and build conversational assistants and integrate a natural language-based interface into renowned applications and services. Viv was founded by AI visionaries Dag Kittlaus, Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham. As part of the acquisition, the founding team will work closely with Samsung's Mobile Communications business, but continue to operate independently under its existing leadership. Samsung acquires Viv, a next-gen AI assistant built by the creators of Apple's Siri. Viv has developed a unique, open artificial intelligence (AI) platform that gives third-party developers the power to use and build conversational assistants and integrate a natural language-based interface into renowned applications and services. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. With Viv, Samsung will be able to unlock and offer new service experiences for its customers, including one that simplifies user interfaces, understands the context of the user and offers the user the most appropriate and convenient suggestions and recommendations. Unlike other existing services, Viv has a sophisticated natural language understanding, machine learning capabilities and strategic partnerships that will enrich a broader service ecosystem," said Injong Rhee, CTO of the Mobile Communications business at Samsung Electronics. With the rise of Artificial Intelligence, consumers now desire an interaction with technology that is conversational, personalized and contextual an experience that fits seamlessly within their everyday lives. Viv's platform also allows developers to teach the system how to create new applications or to use existing applications, building an open ecosystem of intelligence that is greater than the sum of its parts and gets smarter every day. Viv's superior platform combined with Samsung's leading devices, services and global resources will help drive the next generation of AI solutions. (ANI) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics News » Technology ﻿ Samsung to work with founders of Siri on artificial intelligence Last Updated: Thursday, October 6, 2016 - 18:09 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews San Jose: Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. On Thursday announced that it has agreed to acquire Viv Labs Inc., the intelligent interface to everything.Viv has developed a unique, open artificial intelligence (AI) platform that gives third-party developers the power to use and build conversational assistants and integrate a natural language-based interface into renowned applications and services.Viv was founded by AI visionaries Dag Kittlaus, Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham. As part of the acquisition, the founding team will work closely with Samsung`s Mobile Communications business, but continue to operate independently under its existing leadership.Samsung acquires Viv, a next-gen AI assistant built by the creators of Apple`s Siri. Viv has developed a unique, open artificial intelligence (AI) platform that gives third-party developers the power to use and build conversational assistants and integrate a natural language-based interface into renowned applications and services. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions.With Viv, Samsung will be able to unlock and offer new service experiences for its customers, including one that simplifies user interfaces, understands the context of the user and offers the user the most appropriate and convenient suggestions and recommendations.Unlike other existing services, Viv has a sophisticated natural language understanding, machine learning capabilities and strategic partnerships that will enrich a broader service ecosystem," said Injong Rhee, CTO of the Mobile Communications business at Samsung Electronics.With the rise of Artificial Intelligence, consumers now desire an interaction with technology that is conversational, personalized and contextual an experience that fits seamlessly within their everyday lives. Viv`s platform also allows developers to teach the system how to create new applications or to use existing applications, building an open ecosystem of intelligence that is greater than the sum of its parts and gets smarter every day.Viv`s superior platform combined with Samsung`s leading devices, services and global resources will help drive the next generation of AI solutions.  ANI First Published: Thursday, October 6, 2016 - 18:09 More from zeenews   India Demonetisation: Expecting fireworks during Winter Session, BJP calls strategy meet to chalk out steps to counter Opposition Guru Nanak Jayanti: PM Narendra Modi greets people on Gurupurab Demonetisation: LS Speaker calls all-party meet as Opposition gears up for showdown with Narendra Modi govt More from India World Mosul battle: Iraqi forces recapture Nimrud from ISIS Donald Trump says will take USD 1 as his salary with no vacations Donald Trump to forgo salary as US president More from World Sports AUS vs SA 2016: 2nd Test, Day 3 – As it happened... Rajkot Test: England skipper Alastair Cook defends 'late' declaration, says it was fair Lost and Found: Rio Olympian thanks 'Signora Mara' for medal found in rubbish heap More from Sports Entertainment Children's Day: Eight things parents can teach teenage kids Narendra Modi’s demonetisation masterstroke: Check out Sudarsan Pattnaik’s artistic appeal to citizens Bigg Boss 10: Navin Prakash gets evicted; India wale upset More from Entertaiment Health Do you know diabetes can severely affect your skin? Read With a surge in diabetic retinopathy, does India have enough avenues to deal with it? Flu shots, access to medication help kids combat asthma More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money - Part II Dr Subhash Chandra Show: Know the importance of having a purpose in life Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time OMG! Locals cut open giant snake... guess what comes out next – this viral video crossed over 2 lakh views DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Demonetisation: Banks issue new series of Rs 500 notes What happens when you crush or dip in water your new Rs 2,000 note – Watch the video Bigg Boss 10: This is what Salman Khan has to say about Narendra Modi's demonetisation masterstroke Related News Samsung, Hyundai bosses interrogated in South Korea scandal investigation Customers to get artificial intelligence assistant service in upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 After facing Note 7 debacle, Samsung to recall 2.8 million washing machines Passengers barred from carrying Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphones: SpiceJet Samsung maintains lead in smartphone segment despite Note 7 debacle TAGS Samsung Siri Viv Labs Inc Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd Samsung eelctronics Photos Chitrangda Singh at an event in Sydney, Australia, I love this look- Sophie Choudry, Twitter@iamsrk New currency note of Rs 500, Aditi Ashok with Hero Women's Indian Open Golf trophy, Recovered more than one crore black mone 22nd Kolkata International Film Festival Top Videos ATM withdrawal limit increased to Rs 2,500; exchange limit Rs 4500/day Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Earthquake of intensity 7.4 hits New Zealand; tsunami alert issued More from other Sections WATCH: Adam Gilchrist's CRAZY celebration as he picked wicket first ball in his last IPL match WATCH: Dean Elgar's weird 'duck' which gave David Warner a life during 2nd Australia-South Africa Test Ranveer Singh-Vaani Kapoor starrer 'Befikre' to premiere at Dubai International Film Festival Here's how Prakash Jha reacted to Narendra Modi's demonetisation move Five reasons why screening for type 2 diabetes is important! World Diabetes Day 2016: How can diabetes affect your eyes? contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
GO! Toggle navigation Money Banking & finance Economy Markets SMEs Insurance Other Energy Oil & Gas Power Green living Real Estate Residential Commercial Infrastructure Other Technology Gadgets Telecom IT Innovation Travel Transportation Media Digital Broadcast Print Advertising & PR Other Jobs Aficionado Lifestyle Arts & Culture Iconic GO!       New President for America: A MENA perspective       Home  >  Technology  >  Innovation  >  PHD’s BrainScape: artificial intelligence in focus AMEinfo EXPERTS Money Matters by Ambareen Musa Souqalmal.com Talking Tech by Faisal Al Bannai DarkMatter VIEW ALL EXPERTS PHD’s BrainScape: artificial intelligence in focus October 6, 2016 12:36 pm Artificial intelligence. (Image: Alamy) Omnicom Media Group’s PHD is hosting its annual BrainScape conference on October 12 at the Armani Hotel in Dubai. This year’s conference focuses on artificial intelligence (AI) and its implications on the marketing industry. The conference will also mark the regional launch of the global media network’s latest book, Sentience: The Coming AI Revolution and the Implications for Marketing. The book features contributions by Choueiri, as well as PHD’s director of digital data solutions, Haroon Syed. With the rise of virtual personal assistants (VPAs) and the increasing role technology plays in consumers’ lives, the way brands communicate with consumers and influence purchase decisions is undergoing drastic changes. Since AI applications will be largely ad-supported, marketing is naturally one of the first disciplines to be disrupted by AI. This year’s edition of BrainScape will construct a comprehensive look at the future of intelligence, including products as well as advertising and data models that will support them. Among the key speakers will be Kevin Slavin, assistant professor of media arts and sciences at MIT Media Lab, renowned for his talks on how algorithms will shape our world. “This is an incredibly exciting time to work in marketing as we undergo a revolutionary transformation of what we are capable of achieving, thanks to developments in AI,” says Elda Choucair, managing director of PHD UAE. PHD’s BrainScape conference is produced with Choueiri Group’s dedicated digital media representation arm, Digital Media Services (DMS), as strategic partner. “It’s very encouraging to see how well BrainScape was received last year. The future really does belong to those who can seize it before it appears,” says Michel Malkoun, chief operating officer of DMS. This article was first published on Communicate Online, a sister title of AMEinfo Tags: By AMEinfo Staff AMEinfo staff members report business news and views from across the Middle East and North Africa region, and analyse global events impacting the region today. Toggle navigation Money Energy Real Estate Technology Travel Transportation Media Jobs Aficionado facebook twitter linkedin Contact About AMEinfo.com Advertising Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Featured Site Site Map © 1996-2016 Mediaquest FZ LLC, A media and entertainment company Middle East main office | [email protected] © 2016 Dubai Business | AMEinfo. All rights reserved. s
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › arts › books art & design stage classical movies tv & radio music games home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Science and nature Are We Smart Enough to Know How Smart Animals Are? by Frans de Waal – review Virtually every ‘uniquely human’ characteristic has turned out not to be so. This engaging study has the latest thinking on the intelligence of humans and other animals Model behaviour … a silverback gorilla observes its own reflection. Photograph: Xavier Hubert-Brierre/Johns Hopkins University Press Matthew Cobb Thursday 6 October 2016 03.00 EDT Last modified on Friday 7 October 2016 19.05 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger In 1747 the French doctor and philosopher Julien Offray de La Mettrie suggested we might, using sign language, teach great apes to speak. He justified this proposal by stating that from “animals to man there is no abrupt transition … What was man before he invented words and learnt languages? An animal of a particular species.” In his fine book, the Dutch-American primatologist Frans de Waal pursues this line of thinking, not so much to see if apes can use language (they can, although only at a very low level), but to show that there is no clear behavioural division between ourselves and other animals. Do you care about animals? Then you really shouldn't eat octopus | Elle Hunt Read more Virtually every characteristic that has been claimed to be uniquely human has eventually turned out to have some kind of a precursor in a close relative. As De Waal explains in a series of engaging accounts, language, self-recognition, tool making, empathy, co-operative behaviour, mental time-travel, culture and many other traits and abilities have turned out not to be exclusively human. This is hardly surprising, given that we evolved from an ape ancestor not so long ago: we share behaviour with our relatives, just as we share anatomy. De Waal is not interested in showing what animals cannot do, but rather what they can do, and clarifying why. He has made a video, as part of a TED talk, in which a pair of capuchin monkeys in adjoining cages each offer a human a token in return for a piece of fruit. One monkey gets a much-desired grape in return for their “work”; the other gets a piece of cucumber, which capuchins are not so impressed by. The monkey that gets the cucumber looks across at the other monkey and its grape, apparently becomes outraged, throws the cucumber at the experimenter and shakes the bars of its cage with frustration. The TED audience laughs at this, but what it confirms is that capuchins show inequality aversion. If they are not treated fairly – equal pay for equal work, in this case – then they protest. All human societies, no matter how unequal in reality, have the same moral basis. People all over the world tell their children “be nice to each other”, “share”, “do as you would be done by”, and so on. And as any parent knows, children are acutely averse to inequality – not just when it affects them negatively, but also displaying generosity toward the have-nots. De Waal’s experiment revealed that something like this key feature of human psychology and morality also exists in the furry heads of members of a primate lineage that separated from our own more than 40m years ago. To understand why animals – and humans – behave the way they do, we need to look at their natural history. In his opening section, De Waal highlights the work of the early 20th-century German biologist Jakob von Uexküll, who argued that, before we can correctly interpret the behaviour of an animal, we need to understand the animal’s Umwelt, or “surrounding world”. For Uexküll, and for De Waal, ecology explains everything – it includes not only the physical environment, but also the animal’s sensory and social worlds. Humans, capuchins and many other primates are inequality averse because their social systems are built on reciprocity. This in turn can be explained by the particular ecology the species evolved in, and the existence of genes that, in unknown and complex ways, produce the structures and chemicals that enable these social behaviours to occur. De Waal does not explore the underlying processes producing the complex and intriguing behaviours described here: we know very little about them. Instead, he focuses on observations and behavioural experiments from the growing field of evolutionary cognition. These allow us to peer into the minds of non-human animals – mainly social animals such as primates and corvids (crows and their relatives), but also dolphins, elephants and one invertebrate, which differs from the others not only in its anatomy but also in its solitary behaviour: the octopus. De Waal’s holistic and empathetic approach to animals contrasts starkly with the arid dead end of BF Skinner’s behaviourism, which dominated studies of animal behaviour in the second half of the 20th century and banished all talk of feelings or mind, looking instead at learned behavioural responses. Despite his hostility to Skinner, De Waal slices through overcomplex explanations of animal behaviour – he describes how various animals respond appropriately to quite detailed sentences spoken by keepers or experimenters, but argues that they probably did not understand the exact words, but instead interpreted vocal tone, body language and gestures. Being confident as to when to embrace a more complex description of animal behaviour is clearly something of an art. The lesson of De Waal’s book is that something like teaching will eventually be seen in our ape cousins One aspect of behaviour not dealt with in the book, and which for the moment does remain uniquely human, is teaching. To impart knowledge involves realising what someone else does not know and working out how to get them to understand it. All tool making and culture in animals seems so far to involve observational learning, not active teaching. The lesson of De Waal’s book, however, is that something like teaching will eventually be seen in our ape cousins. He skirts around the central question that many readers will be most intrigued by – the nature of consciousness, and its potential existence in non-human animals. His explanation for this approach is simple: he is not sure what consciousness is (no one is), and so it is hard to see how to study it or to devise an experiment that could test for its presence. The best proxy we have for consciousness is the mirror self-recognition test: this involves getting an animal used to a mirror and then putting a mark somewhere on its body where it cannot be seen directly. If the animal shows behaviour directed towards the hidden mark when it is looking in the mirror, then it has passed the test. But what that implies is unclear. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Watch how animals respond to their reflections The list of animals that can pass this test is very short: humans, chimps, bonobos, gorillas (though they really do not like the eye contact the mirror involves), orangutans, dolphins, an Indian elephant called Happy (African elephants are hard to study as they tend to smash up the mirror), and a particularly smart magpie called Gertie. As well as touching artificial marks, these animals will also use the mirror outside of the experiment, to inspect body parts they cannot normally see – the inside of their mouths, or their backsides. They clearly know what they are doing. When I was growing up, aspiring naturalists or behavioural scientists would be given a copy of Konrad Lorenz’s zoological investigation King Solomon’s Ring to inspire them. With its wide-ranging and thought-provoking content, Are We Smart Enough to Know How Smart Animals Are? is an appropriate 21st-century replacement. If you are at all interested in what it is to be an animal, human or otherwise, you should read this book. • Are We Smart Enough to Know How Smart Animals Are? is published by Granta. To order a copy for £14.99 (RRP £12.29) go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846. Free UK p&p over £10, online orders only. Phone orders min p&p of £1.99. More reviews Topics Science and nature Zoology Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio music games books selected art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › Books › Science and nature Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters World Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading The mystery of yawning: scientists suggest it’s proof of a bigger brain  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World BIOLOGY The mystery of yawning: scientists suggest it’s proof of a bigger brain Brain weight is a reliable predictor of yawn length, more reliable than total body size or relative brain size PUBLISHED : Thursday, 06 October, 2016, 2:46pm UPDATED : Thursday, 06 October, 2016, 9:15pm Comments:   The Washington Post Share PrintEmail Everybody yawns. Everybody. The reflexive deep, jaw-stretching inhale followed by a pause and a forced exhalation is pretty much ubiquitous in the animal kingdom, at least among creatures with the right anatomy for it. It’s not clear why we yawn – or when our ancestors started the refreshing routine – but many scientists believe the action serves to cool down the brain. Brains use a lot of energy, and they run hot. Inhaling a rush of cool, ambient air chills the blood, and the widening of the jaw sends a nice blast of that breezy blood into the brain. If yawning cools certain parts of the brain, it makes sense that larger brains ... require longer yawns Elainie Alenkær Madsen, Lund University A new study in Biology Letters could add further support to this popular theory. If bigger yawns produce a greater cooling effect, the study authors hypothesised, then animals with bigger brains – and therefore more brain tissue to cool down – would produce more sustained yawns. Their data suggests that this is indeed the case. Forget the dream of having big brains and brawn; big brains and yawn is much cooler. Led by Andrew Gallup of the State University of New York at Oneonta, who has long investigated this possible brain cooling mechanism, researchers studied 29 mammals whose brain weights had been documented. They tracked down videos of these animals yawning – mostly on YouTube – to calculate the average length of their yawns. When the team crunched the numbers, they found that brain weight and “cortical neuron number” – the number of brain cells in the outer layer known as the cortex – were reliable predictors of yawn length, more reliable than total body size or relative brain size. Gorillas, camels, horses, lions, walruses and African elephants were all found to have shorter yawns than humans despite their massive sizes, which makes sense because their brains are smaller than ours. In other words, the length of a yawn doesn’t seem to correlate to the size of your body. It seems to correlate to the size of your brain. “Consistent with these results, we also found that primates tend to have longer and more variable yawn durations compared with other mammals,” the study authors write, even though some of the non-primates they studied opened their jaws wider. “If yawning cools certain parts of the brain, it makes sense that larger brains with more cortical neurons require longer yawns and more influx of air,” Elainie Alenkær Madsen of Lund University, who was not involved in the new study, told the Atlantic. “It’s a very nice and intuitive finding.” Not all scientists are convinced that yawns exist to cool the brain. Yawns have a tendency to be contagious, even among non-human animals – and there’s some evidence that yawns are more catching among animals that experience empathy for patient zero of the yawn epidemic. Because of this strange social reflex, some researchers believe that yawns are actually some kind of communicative signal – something that evolved for psychological reasons, not physiological ones. But the answer might be somewhere in the middle: Perhaps all animals developed yawns to keep ever-expanding brains cooled down, and only humans and their closest kin have developed a secondary emotional use for the reflex. “Whether yawning functions specifically to cool the brain can still be debated but there is no debate on whether yawning has thermoregulatory consequences,” Gallup said. One potential limit of the new study is kind of hard to believe: there weren’t enough videos of these cute little guys yawning on the internet for an analysis as statistically robust as the study authors would have liked. Further studies could endeavour to observe these yawns in person to get more data. But if you happen to know a capuchin monkey, keep a camera on him the next time he gets sleepy – it’s for science. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Feeling sleepy? Scientists say the bigger your brain, the longer your yawns   Most Popular Viewed 1 Decision on Hong Kong localist duo should be made by Legco, not court, lawyers argue in high-stakes hearing over oath saga 2 Beijing ‘strongly dissatisfied’ after South Korean coastguard fires machine guns at Chinese trawlers 3 Beijing interpretation on Legislative Council oath taking rattles Hong Kong 4 WikiLeaks' Assange vows to release ‘significant’ documents before US election 5 Hong Kong’s Legco descends into chaos as Beijing intervention looms Shared 1 Beijing ‘strongly dissatisfied’ after South Korean coastguard fires machine guns at Chinese trawlers 2 Decision on Hong Kong localist duo should be made by Legco, not court, lawyers argue in high-stakes hearing over oath saga 3 Finance, wealth and ... slavery? Hong Kong one of Asia’s worst for forced labour 4 Beijing interpretation on Legislative Council oath taking rattles Hong Kong 5 China Eastern pilot who avoided Shanghai runway collision rewarded with 3 million yuan Commented 1 Beijing interpretation on Legislative Council oath taking rattles Hong Kong 2 Hong Kong oath-taking saga shows ugly side of city’s colonial legacy 3 Mainland paper slams Hong Kong independence advocates in 1,000-word commentary 4 Youngspiration duo increasingly isolated by pan-democratic allies, as antics cause harm and chaos 5 Time to resume talks, Taiwanese president tells the mainland Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2016 2H       You may also like China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 Shaping up: Home-grown app, Green WALK Hong Kong, is the pick of the mobile apps In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 9 Hong Kong’s Emerging Force: The Rise of Technology Start-ups Presented by: Credit Suisse Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 21 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Oct 29th 2016, 3:45pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 28 Oct 2016 - 10:54am 3 Post Magazine With the paedophile-hunters on the streets of Phnom Penh 28 Oct 2016 - 10:55am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Ideas MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Watch Scarlett Johansson in the First Trailer for Ghost in the Shell Ibuprofen May Not Be As Safe As You Think The Truth About What Alcohol Does to Your Heart Doctor Strange Dominates in Second Box Office Weekend Review: Saturday Night Live Is in Mourning, But Won’t Say Why Musician Leon Russell Dies at 74 Heart Disease Is Way Down In the U.S. Watch Kate McKinnon Sing ‘Hallelujah’ in a Powerful SNL Cold Open Watch Dave Chappelle Parody The Walking Dead on Saturday Night Live Watch Dave Chappelle’s Saturday Night Live Monologue TIME Ideas politics Donald Trump’s Wealth Is Fool’s Gold Cody Cain Oct. 7, 2016 SHARE Mike Segar—Reuters Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Henderson, Nev., on Oct. 5, 2016. Cain is a writer It certainly doesn’t qualify him to be president Donald Trump wants you to believe that because he is rich, he must also be smart and therefore he is qualified to be President of the United States. Trump reinforces this message over and over again. Sometimes he says it directly. He emphasized it at his announcement that he was running for president. “I’m really rich,” he said, and “that’s the kind of mindset, that’s the kind of thinking you need for this country.” And he made certain to highlight this message again during the first presidential debate, his largest audience to date. “I built [a very small loan] into a company that’s worth many, many billions of dollars, with some of the greatest assets in the world,” he said, “and I say that only because that’s the kind of thinking that our country needs.” At other times he is more sly. He frequently holds campaign events surrounded by images of his wealth. He gives interviews from his gilded penthouse apartment, stages rallies with his private jet featured prominently in the background, and holds campaign events in his luxury hotels and golf clubs. Trump, who has no experience in government, has based his entire candidacy upon the notion that he is rich. Admittedly, it is tempting to believe that someone who is rich must also be smart. After all, we have been told that our system is based upon merit such that those who work the hardest and possess the greatest ability will be rewarded the most financially. But we all know that the system is not always fair. Sometimes people stumble into wealth without possessing any sort of enhanced intelligence or ability at all, such as by winning the lottery, receiving a large inheritance or unwittingly discovering oil in their back yard. To be sure, it must be said that no one knows the truth about how much Trump is actually worth. Trump has claimed that he is worth more than $10 billion, but Bloomberg estimated his wealth at $3 billion. The real question is whether he made all this money by being smart. It seems quite plausible that Trump owes his fortune to a single factor: dumb luck. For Trump, his good fortune began with his inheritance. Trump’s father was a multi-millionaire, and Trump benefitted tremendously from the enormous advantage of being born into wealth and privilege. He also had the good fortune of being able to piggyback on his father’s already established business in real estate. His father’s business was responsible for Trump landing his first major project of developing the Grand Hyatt hotel on 42nd Street in Manhattan. This was the project that established Trump in his own right and essentially gave rise to his career. Trump acknowledges the benefit of his father, but he claims that it was his own genius that enabled him to take what he inherited from his father and expand it into a multi-billion dollar empire. Yet Trump’s success seems to have been derived far more from the underlying circumstances and market conditions than from any specific business acumen exercised by Trump. Trump did not invent or discover anything new; he just went into the established family business and got lucky. The value of Trump’s real estate assets did indeed increase dramatically. But it is difficult to attribute this wealth to anything specific about Trump. Trump began his carrier in the late 1970s and early 1980s just when the nation was beginning a financial recovery from the recession of the earlier 1970s. The nation experienced a temporary boom during the 1980s that included an increase in the value of luxury real estate, in part due to the appalling tax cuts for the wealthy granted by President Ronald Reagan. This broad market increase helped create Trump’s fortune. And when the market turned and went down in the early 1990s, guess what happened to Trump? Well, he went down, too. In fact, he was wiped-out. He never saw it coming. Several years later, the market came roaring back, especially for the wealthy. So Trump recovered as well. This is when Trump wrote his book, Trump: The Art of the Comeback, and claimed credit for his own revival. Over the course of Trump’s career, he has made some horrendous decisions. For example, he purchased the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan for top dollar at the worst time in 1988 right before the dramatic market collapse that wiped him out. In another example, he began a new business, Trump Mortgage, that provided residential mortgages right before the dramatic collapse of the national mortgage market that kicked-off the financial crisis of 2008. The business failed. When Trump attempted to branch out into other business areas outside of real estate, he also made plenty of bad decisions. He had casinos in Atlantic City end up in bankruptcy. He was forced by his creditors to sell off his airline. He shut down his ill-fated Trump University in the face of private and governmental fraud lawsuits. And he left a string of other business failures in his wake as well, like the Trump board game and the Trump travel site. This certainly does not sound like any sort of a business wunderkind. “I’m very, very, very intelligent,” Trump has insisted, in one of his countless attempts at convincing other people that he is smart. Of course, genuinely smart people do not need to tell other people that they are smart, especially over and over again, because the evidence speaks for itself. Tap to read full story TIME Ideas hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary on events in news, society, and culture. We welcome outside contributions. Opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of TIME editors. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC Future Menu What is BBC Future?  Latest  In Depth  Video  OUR PICKS  Best of Future DISCOVER  The Genius Behind The Genius Behind Brain 'We’re growing brains outside of the body' Madeleine Lancaster has 300 brains growing in her lab – here’s how she’s done it. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Share on WhatsApp Share on Google+ Share by Email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share by Email By Zaria Gorvett 5 October 2016 As she speaks, Madeleine Lancaster rests her hand on her pregnant belly. “Oh they’re about six or seven months along now”. At this point her progeny measure about four millimetres across. She’s growing a few hundred, and each has around two million neurons already. Watch how the brains are grown Madelaine Lancaster grows the tiny brains in her lab in this short film Fortunately, she’s not talking about an enormous brood of unborn babies – though she is expecting one normal human. No, this scientist is referring to a batch of developing human brains. We’re in the MRC’s brand new molecular biology lab in Cambridge – a sprawling warren of glass-fronted laboratories, space-age equipment and hallways which seem to stretch for miles. It’s not secret or underground, but the £212m building is home to a number of futuristic projects worthy of their own Hollywood movie. View image of (Credit: Zaria Gorvett) In her own small corner of this research utopia, Madeleine’s team is at work on a task so absurd it seems more wizardly than scientific: they’re transforming human skin into brains. “The brains develop in the same way you would see in an embryo,” says Madeleine. This may be true, but their surroundings are rather different. In place of a womb, the disembodied brains are raised in giant incubators. Without a blood supply they are fed with a nutrient-rich fluid which is refreshed every few days. And, of course, they don’t have an immune system: everything – everything – which comes into contact with them must be disinfected first with alcohol. Just like regular brains, each is composed of specific regions When she opens the incubator door – well, I have to admit they don’t look as impressive as I’d imagined: insipid, watery blobs floating in a pool of pale pink liquid. They look more like bits of waterlogged popcorn than powerhouses of intellectual ability. But their looks are deceiving. In fact these “cerebral organoids”, as they have been christened, are strikingly similar to the brains of ordinary people. Just like any other brain, the organoids are divided into grey matter – which is made of neurons – and white matter, a fatty tissue composed of their spindly ‘tails’. View image of (Credit: Zaria Gorvett) And just like regular brains, each is composed of specific regions. There’s the wrinkled cortex (thought to be the seat of language and conscious thought) the hippocampus (the centre of emotion and memory), the ancient, muscle-coordinating cerebellum, and many, many others. In all, they are equivalent to the brains of nine-week-old foetuses. So how are they made? With a few simple ingredients – and an unquenchable enthusiasm for drenching things in alcohol – you too could have a miniature brain in a matter of months In fact, making a brain isn’t as difficult as you might expect. With a few simple ingredients – and an unquenchable enthusiasm for drenching things in alcohol – you too could have a miniature brain in a matter of months. First off, you’ll need some cells. Lancaster’s team took theirs from samples of donated skin but, somewhat disconcertingly, to make this masterpiece of human evolution you could start with any cell type – be it nose, liver, or toenail. Only stem cells are able to develop into all the body’s tissues, so next you’ll need to turn your cells into some of those. For this, the team used a kind of cellular youth serum, a protein cocktail which can rewind the clock and turn any cell back into an embryonic-like state. View image of (Credit: iStock) After about a week of growth, you should end up with a sheet of cells which can be scraped off the petri dish and moulded into a ball. Lancaster takes out what looks like an empty dish of pink liquid. “You can see them in there – they are tiny at this point,” she says. Sure enough, each well contains a white dot about the size of a comma. “They kind of want to become an embryo,” she says. (Watch the video below to see more.) This media cannot be played on your device. Eventually each stem cell will begin to specialise, turning the uniform balls into a jumble of different cell types. Among them will be brain cells. To begin with, the researchers are doting parents, keeping their embryos fed and encouraging them to continue to grow. But they aren’t spoilt for long. Next the balls of cells are transferred to a new dish, this time with very little food. As the cells begin to starve, most of them will die off, leaving only the brain cells behind. “They are really robust – I don’t think anyone knows why,” she says. The brains are constantly buzzing with electrical activity as neurons zap off signals to one another Finally, the developing brains are enveloped in a blanket of jelly. “It’s the opposite of normal jelly – it starts off as a liquid which you pour on and it jellifies as it warms up in the incubator,” she says. The jelly mimics the tissue a brain would normally be surrounded with in an embryo – like a makeshift skull – and encourages them to develop relatively normally. Then all you have to do is sit back and wait. Three months later, the finished product is about four millimetres across and contains around two million neurons. “A fully developed, adult mouse brain only contains four million, so you can do a lot with that number,” she says. The brains are constantly buzzing with electrical activity as neurons zap off signals to one another – though Lancaster says this isn’t much of an achievement on her part. “It’s not very special but it does tell us that we are making functional neurons and that they are acting like neurons,” she says. She compares it to the heart cells which scientists coaxed to beat inside a petri dish back in 2013; while heart cells are programmed to “want” to pump, neurons “want” to fire. “Even if you have a neuron by itself in a dish with no other neurons, it wants to fire so badly that it will connect to itself in order to fire,” she says. View image of (Credit: iStock) At the moment, Lancaster’s brains aren’t thought to be able to think. Nobody understands how the activity of our brains gives rise to thoughts – and it’s surprisingly difficult to define what a thought actually is – but it might go something like this. Usually, when we’re exposed to stimulation from the outside world – smells, sounds, ideas – our brains store the information by strengthening the connections between our neurons or forming new ones. The average adult will have as many as 1,000 trillion, which together give our brains an equivalent processing power to a one trillion-bit-per-second computer. And here’s the rub. Even with all the same components as regular brains, without a body to provide information about the world around them, the brains simply can’t develop normally. “The neurons are working but they aren’t really organised relative to one another,” she says. Lancaster gives the example of people who are born blind. “Since they aren’t exposed to light, the part of the brain that [these signals] would normally connect up is actually not going to form,” she says. The team has been taking individual genes involved in brain development and replacing them with the chimpanzee version – then using these cells to make hybrid chimp-human brains If you hooked lab-grown brains up to an EEG, you probably wouldn’t see anything. The so-called “brain waves” which the machines can detect occur as a result of millions of neurons firing in synchrony; when combined, their electrical signals are detectable through the scalp. “This is kind of a good thing, I think. I’d have some issues if I thought there was proper network formation there,” she says. But making conscious brains was never part of the plan. Instead, Lancaster is using hers to answer a decades-old mystery: for all our intellectual superiority, the genetic difference between humans and chimpanzees is around 1.2%. That’s only 12 times higher than the differences between individual humans (0.1%). Why? View image of (Credit: iStock) To find out, the team has been taking individual genes involved in brain development and replacing them with the chimpanzee version – then using these cells to make hybrid chimp-human brains. As they develop, the role of the gene often becomes clear; the brains with the chimpanzee gene may be significantly smaller than ordinary human brains, or contain fewer neurons, for example. In other words, the brains allow researchers to do experiments they would normally never be allowed to do (imagine the controversy if a chimpanzee gene was added to an actual human). Eventually, Lancaster hopes to do the opposite version of the experiments with lab-grown chimpanzee brains, too. This is tricky, because they are a protected species – you can’t just walk up to a chimpanzee and take a piece of skin – but they’ve found an alternative, if fairly unglamorous, supply of cells. “If an animal has a baby in a zoo, they would normally just throw away the placenta, but we can take these leftovers,” she says. Several groups are working on improving the brains, introducing a blood supply so that they can grow larger Elsewhere, the organoids are being used to study uniquely human diseases, from autism to schizophrenia. Historically, it was difficult to study their causes in the lab because – by their very definition – no other animal can get them. Take autism. Severely autistic children aren’t able to speak – how can you study this disorder in a mouse if it was never able to speak in the first place? By comparing brains grown from the skin of normal adults and autistic patients, last year scientists were able to show that the disease may be caused by an imbalance of the two main types of neuron, those which initiate signals (excitatory neurons), and those which act as a brake (inhibitory neurons). “In a normal brain there’s a very fine balance between those two types, so you could imagine this could have a big impact on the way the networks function,” says Lancaster. View image of (Credit: iStock) The real breakthrough is that not only can the brains simulate these disorders, but they allow scientists to go back in time and work out why the autistic brains are different. “You can watch them over time and find out at what point during their development they start to look different. Well of course you can’t normally do that,” she says. The man-made brains are already transforming our understanding of the brain, its disorders and what makes humans special. Though they were only invented in 2013, a quick Google search of “cerebral organoids” turns up 2,820 scientific papers already. So what does the future hold? Several groups are working on improving the brains, introducing a blood supply so that they can grow larger; at the moment, the 4mm brains are entirely reliant on Oxygen and nutrients diffusing in from the surrounding liquid. For many scientists, the ultimate goal is for the brains to function like normal brains – forming networks which can be stained, sliced up and studied like the brains of lab mice. But for now, the organoids are as inert as the bits of popcorn they resemble. Join 700,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Instagram. If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday. Related Stories View image of (Credit: iStock) The Genius Behind The dos and don’ts of genius Secrets of six innovative minds View image of Coffee production may need to move to cooler climates (Credit: Getty Images) The Genius Behind Will climate change make foods extinct? The myths and reality about coffee, chocolate and other crops Food Climate change View image of (Credit: SPL) The Genius Behind Is this weird plant the future of food? Why ‘resurrection plants’ could change what we eat Agriculture View image of (Credit: Thinkstock) The Genius Behind What your body fluids say about you Blood, sweat, tears, and earwax - the secrets of your secretions Medicine Follow BBC Future Facebook Twitter What is BBC Future?  Latest  In Depth  Video  OUR PICKS  Best of Future DISCOVER  The Genius Behind Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Artificial Intelligence Vendor Viv Labs Acquired by Samsung       Artificial Intelligence Vendor Viv Labs Acquired by Samsung     By Todd R. Weiss  |  Posted 2016-10-07 Print               Samsung bought Viv Labs to add more AI capabilities to its product line as the technology gathers more interest from consumers. Samsung has acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence company started by the creators of Apple's Siri digital assistant, to bolster AI capabilities in its smartphones and other consumer products. The deal, which was announced by Samsung on Oct. 6, will be used to broaden an AI-based open ecosystem across all of its devices and services, the company said in a statement. "With Viv, Samsung will be able to unlock and offer new service experiences for its customers, including one that simplifies user interfaces, understands the context of the user and offers the user the most appropriate and convenient suggestions and recommendations," the company said. Viv Labs' open AI platform lets third-party developers use and build conversational assistants and integrate a natural language-based interface into applications and services, which can extend mobile devices and services for users. Viv's platform allows developers to "teach" the system how to create new applications or to work with existing applications, according to Samsung. The acquisition price for Viv Labs, which was created by two of the co-creators of Apple's Siri digital assistant, was not disclosed. Viv will remain a separate operation and will continue under its existing leadership, Samsung said. Viv was founded by Dag Kittlaus, Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham. Kittlaus and Cheyer co-created Siri. "Unlike other existing AI-based services, Viv has a sophisticated natural language understanding, machine learning capabilities and strategic partnerships that will enrich a broader service ecosystem," Injong Rhee, CTO of Samsung's mobile communications business, said in a statement. "Viv was built with both consumers and developers in mind. This dual focus is also what attracted us to Viv as an ideal candidate to integrate with Samsung home appliances, wearables and more, as the paradigm of how we interact with technology shifts to intelligent interfaces and voice control." Viv is named after the Latin root for the word, live, and essentially writes its own code as it operates to generate its answers to inquiries, according to an earlier eWEEK story. Viv uses a technology called Dynamic Program Generation to grasp the context of a question, and then creates word clouds and relationships between the items to figure out the information needed to answer it, the story reported. With each query, it has more to work with and grows smarter. "At Viv, we're building the simplest way for anyone to talk to devices and services everywhere," Kittlaus said in a statement about the Samsung acquisition. "We see a future that is decidedly beyond apps—where you can get what you need quickly and easily no matter where you are, or what device you are near. Samsung offers us a unique opportunity to deliver a single conversational interface to the world's apps and services across a diverse range of products, at global scale." Apple's Siri was introduced on Oct. 4, 2011.           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers Google Gives Gmail for iOS Major Overhaul NXP Unveils New Technologies for Autonomous Vehicles Google Moves to Mobile-First Indexing for Search                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Speaking of Science Can all great apes ‘read minds’ like humans do? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Rachel Feltman October 7 Follow @rachelfeltman Do chimps possess a true theory of mind? (Sia Kambou/AFP) You might not know it, but you're a seasoned mind reader. Picture this: Your partner frequently loses the car keys in the couch cushions, and each morning conducts a harried search for them before work. Whenever you see him or her march into the living room with that telltale look of frustration, you know they're about to make a beeline for that blasted couch. You know what's going on in their head, based on their actions and the context of previous behaviors. [Are we approaching the limits of human life span?] This ability to imagine what might be going on in someone else's head is known as the theory of mind. Whether nonhuman animals can possess it is a matter of some debate. But according to a new study in Science, the nonhuman members of the great ape family may indeed have the same mental capacity. “Decades of research with our closest relatives — chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas and orangutans — have revealed that great apes do possess many aspects of theory of mind,” study author Christopher Krupenye of the Max Planck Institute (who conducted the research while at Duke University) wrote for the Conversation. “For one, they can identify the goals and intentions behind others’ actions. They’re also able to recognize which features of the environment others can see or know about." One recent study even found signs of theory of mind in ravens, suggesting aspects of it could be more common than previously assumed. But humans were still thought to have a better handle on the whole business. “Where apes have consistently failed, though, is on tasks designed to assess their understanding of others’ false beliefs. They don’t seem to know when someone has an idea about the world that conflicts with reality,” Krupenye added. [The surprising, adorable thing that goats and puppies have in common] Imagine you'd just pulled your partner's keys out of the couch yourself and put them on a bookshelf for safe keeping. You know they didn't watch you do so, so you assume they'll start for the couch as usual unless you clue them in. You understand that they have a perception of reality that you know to be false. That's the tricky aspect of mind reading that Krupenye and his colleagues wanted to study. To do so, they rounded up 40 bonobos, chimpanzees and orangutans and took them to the movies. The films showed interactions between people and “apes.” (The latter actually were humans — who are technically apes — dressed up as nonhuman apes.) The people searched for objects on-screen with various interventions from the ape characters. Sometimes an ape would hide an object while the person watched, then hide it again while the individual was off-screen. [These genius crows almost went extinct before scientists discovered they can use tools] By tracking the eyes of the great-ape moviegoers, the researchers determined that their audience expected the humans on-screen to look for objects in the last place the humans had seen them. In other words, they seemed to not only understand that the seekers were looking for an object but also that they were operating under false pretenses. In this experiment, ape subjects watch as a person dressed in an ape costume hides an object from a human. The red dots show where the subjects are looking, showing that they understand the human's false belief about the location of the object. (Christopher Krupenye, Fumihiro Kano, MPI-EVA, Kumamoto Sanctuary) “They can anticipate that an individual will search for an object where they last saw it, even though the apes know that it’s no longer there,” Krupenye told New Scientist. “That is a really important human skill that has never been shown before in apes.” [What one snarky facial expression could teach us about the evolution of language] “It’s a very surprising and novel finding,” Victoria Southgate, a developmental psychologist at the University of London, told Science Magazine. Southgate wasn't involved in the new study, but she helped develop the eye-tracking technique — which she had previously used to test human infants. “It’s an almost exact replication of the study we did, and the apes appear to pass. It suggests that the capacity to track others’ perspectives and beliefs is not unique to humans,” she said. In a commentary on the study published in Science, Emory University's Frans de Waal called the research, which he did not help to conduct, "a genuine breakthrough.” “The results contain a lesson for those who jump on negative outcomes regarding animal mental capacities as proof of human distinctiveness,” de Waal wrote. “As the old mantra goes, absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. We should always keep an open mind about the capacities of nonhuman species.” Some researchers are still skeptical, arguing that the team could be anthropomorphizing a behavior that doesn't quite reach human levels of empathy. Maybe apes know that individuals will look for an object in the right place they saw it but don't possess a conscious understanding of the fact that those individuals hold a mistaken belief. But Krupenye and his colleagues are optimistic — and excited about the evolutionary implications for our own species. “If apes do in fact possess this aspect of theory of mind, the implication is that most likely it was present in the last evolutionary ancestor that human beings shared with the other apes,” he wrote in the Conversation. "By that metric, this core human skill — recognizing others’ false beliefs — would have evolved at least 13 to 18 million years before our own species Homo sapiens hit the scene.” Read more: Dear Science: Why aren’t apes evolving into humans? This scientist is using nanotechnology to build a better menstrual pad  Wombats have buns of steel — and they might literally be deadly Bigger brains mean longer yawns It’s been 53 years since a woman won the Nobel Prize in physics. What’s the holdup? national health-science speaking-of-science Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national health-science speaking-of-science Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog. Follow @rachelfeltman Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 ‘I’ve never seen anything like that': Confederate flags at California Veterans Day parade 2 Shaving one morning, he felt a small lump under his jaw. It wasn’t just a lump. 3 New statin guidelines: Everyone 40 and older should be considered for the drug therapy 4 Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles 5 A giant reservoir that supplies a California county’s drinking water is nearly empty Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game national health-science speaking-of-science Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video European Commission dangles €374m for low-power exascale research Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack SimpliVity results scream 'I'm perfect for you, HPE!' Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Software biz boss on harassment charges represents himself, says I want a jury Google's crusade to make mobile web apps less, well, horrible Slacker or Team playa? Microsoft's Mr Business takes on messaging's corporate raider Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Join the Q: British intel agencies seek tech-savvy apprentices Russian banks floored by withering DDoS attacks The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel European Commission dangles €374m for low-power exascale research Former Autonomy CFO indicted in USA for misleading investors Zuckerberg says just one per cent of news on Facebook is fake FCC wants a word with AT&T about that zero-rated DirecTV streaming Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever Sega MegaDrive/Genesis lives again, in Brazil! SPB Geek's Guide Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Brace yourselves! Blighty is turning to AI for help Verity Stob Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Kotkin: Why Trump won Emergent Tech Internet of Things Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Why Pinky? What are we doing tomorrow? 7 Oct 2016 at 09:31, Alistair Dabbs Alistair Dabbs Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Something For The Weekend, Review, Tablet, Apple, Intel Recent Articles What will happen when I'm too old to push? (buttons, that is) Apple’s macOS Sierra update really puts the fan into 'fanboi' Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Something for the Weekend, Sir? Yikes, all I have to do is go away for a couple of weeks and all hell breaks loose. But at least it’s the right kind of hell: that is, the veritable technological hell that I’ve been predicting in these columns for years. First off as I sit back in my late-vacation sun lounger to read the news on my tablet is that the Krebs on Security blog was booted offline after suffering a 665Gbps DDoS attack. Who can we blame for this cybercrime assault on cybercrime writer Brian Krebs? The culprit turns out to be a million or more dipshit Internet of Things devices such as cameras and thermostats that passively allowed themselves to be rogered by infected code before spontaneously forming a botnet of mutual insanity. So you may as well forget about human hackers, laugh in the masked face of Anonymous, tell Mr Robot it’s “Game Over” and slip an exploding Galaxy Note 7 into Zero Cool’s high-waisted '90s slacks. No, thanks to IoT, your worldwide organisation is most likely to be taken down by a fucking light bulb. And to think Lucy Orr has been harbouring a hardened cybercriminal all this time. This is possibly why the topic of robots taking over the world came up (again, yawn) during Professor Nick Bostrom’s keynote speech on artificial intelligence at the opening of IP Expo Europe this week in London. In the future, you can never have enough paperclips. Prof Nick Bostrom at IP Expo Europe. In fact, he was a bit of a killjoy for sci-fi fans in the audience by dismissing the scenario in which an AI becomes self-aware and self-determining before ridding the world of that pestilence known as humanity. “An AI might have a high level of intellectual performance,” he noted, “but that’s not the same as human-like consciousness. It won’t have a human-like sensory experience or understanding of pain and suffering, for example.” Aha but isn’t that the very danger we’re talking about? Ultimately, those unfeeling lightbulbs are psychopaths, calmly wiping out everything in their way without being restrained by conventional human morality. Prof Bostrom is having none of it. “The argument is that an AI might decide to hack its way out of itself. However, an AI won’t do something that goes against its purpose.” The trick, then, is making sure the AI is focused on doing something sensible rather than letting it decide for itself what it should do based on a limited sensory experience of real life. Get an AI to run your paperclip factory more efficiently, sure, but give it a tightly controlled context. He also reminds us of the legend of King Midas – fintech AI developers please take note. In other words, programmers design the AI to do something and, as a result, effectively set the direction and values of its self-learning process. If you design an AI toaster to make toast, it shouldn’t want to do much else other than to make the best toast it can, and lots of it. I toast therefore I am. Youtube Video On the other hand, Prof Bostrom is more concerned with who determines what morality an AI should abide by. There are social and, inevitably, political issues to be fought over when choosing the kind of ethics and value alignment to be built into AIs of the future. This is partly what the Partnership on AI group was set up to discuss, with the involvement of Amazon, DeepMind, Google, Facebook, IBM and Microsoft. Let’s hope they like toast. The professor’s take on cybersecurity is that hackers will be hackers, and that an AI is pretty much like any other computer system in this respect: it needs to be made secure. The awkward bit, he admits, is that AIs are only as good as the data you feed them, citing the example earlier this year of Microsoft’s Tay chatbot being groomed into spouting racist slurs by mischievous Tweeters. Well that’s just spanky: if a hoard of rampaging lightbulbs don’t get us, the nazi toasters will. We can learn two important lessons from this: 1. Despite all the warnings, today’s IoT devices remain a stinking cesspool of insecurity. And I’m not convinced their manufacturers give a hoot. Where’s the protection? Where’s the self-patching? Where’s the will to do the right thing by its gullible fools customers? 2. We should limit AI’s exposure to the general public. An AI is, by definition, a “high level machine intelligence”. The public is, by definition, a “bunch of nutters”. They should be kept well apart until AI development reaches the big take-off point which, Prof Bostrom reckons, may still be 50 years away. In the meantime, we poor humans will have to make our own entertainment. Sci-fi doom-mongers are safe for a good number of novels and movies yet. On that note, I was pleased to read during my holiday about researchers at Stanford University who had persuaded a monkey to type “To be or not to be. That is the question.” No roomful of primates was required, nor an unlimited number of typewriters – which, when you think about it, are even more difficult to source these days than the monkeys. What actually happened was that two monkeys were trained to use neural implants to move a cursor across a computer display to trigger circles as they turned green. It was an easy matter to trick the poor hairy buggers to spell out a line of Shakespeare, gain some valuable public relations and have a laugh in the process. It’s a far cry from Planet of the Apes. As long as the IoT lamp in my IoT fridge isn’t harbouring Pinky-and-the-Brain plans to take over the world, I think we’re safe for a while yet. Besides, even if left to their own devices (ho ho), these monkeys are unlikely to want to aspire to either Shakespearean pretensions or world domination. The best we could probably hope for is to turn up at the lab one morning to find that one short-sighted monkey has typed one line: “Is this a banana I see before me?” Youtube Video Alistair Dabbs is a freelance technology tart, juggling IT journalism, editorial training and digital publishing. Despite all the holiday pizzas, he continues to diet, exercise and lose weight. Naturally, he thinks this makes him look younger, leaner and athletic. According to Mrs Dabbsy, however, his neighbours have been asking: “Is he ill?” FBI Update: 15kg. Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 45 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the data centre’s N-Dimensional challenge In this paper learn about the software driven approach to controlling virtualised environments. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email is the critical communications tool; interruptions are costly At LOGICnow, we have invested significantly to develop email security services that are reliable, scalable and secure. Most read Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Physicists create the world's tiniest magnifying glass to see atomic bonds 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Race for wireless VR headset heats up CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Spotlight Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Spend Matters Network Spend Matters PRO CPO UK/EU NL MX/LA Almanac | MetalMiner Trade Financing Public Spend US / EU Healthcare Spend Matters UK/Europe menu menu The News Procurement Research Free Research Premium Research Spend Matters Sites Spend Matters Network Spend Matters Public Spend Matters Europe Spend Matters Netherlands Spend Matters México y América Latina MetalMiner Public Spend Forum Trade Financing Matters Spend Matters Group Healthcare Matters About Us Contact Us advertise RSS Subscribe MSDUK Conference – CPO Panel Session Gives Good Advice on Inclusive Procurement (Part 2) Nancy Clinton - October 3, 2016 4:30 AM | Categories: Events | Tags: conferences & events, inclusive procurement, L2, MSDUK, Supplier diversity Following an advisory session from the CPOs on the panel at the recent MSDUK supplier diversity conference, our esteemed procurement leaders fielded some quite pertinent questions from the floor. It was an animated discussion which bore some actionable insight and some very interesting points were made. It’s not important to pinpoint who said what – rather convey the key messages. Q. One attendee remarked how small diverse businesses bring innovation and creativity in a way that today big businesses can't. He cited a recent visit to Harrods where a young female popular blogger was giving advice on makeup: thousands of girls are queuing to pay £15 for ‘her eyelashes,’ he said. The big concerns like Clinique were amazed. Big businesses need to keep up with what’s changing and SMEs can bring that. He observed that the digital revolution is coming out of teenagers’ bedrooms (not necessarily big businesses). These are the dynamic people – his question was: how do these people get noticed, when there is no formal request for their talents? How, for example do they do business with Government? A. The panellists took turns to give their views – rather like Question Time. So we’ll aggregate their answers: it was universally recognised that smaller suppliers bring innovation and intelligence. But it was observed that innovation is something that happens, it’s not something you can force. It takes dialogue. Tech companies are also doing a lot of innovation especially in the fields of AI and machine learning. What’s missing is 'forums.' If Government were to develop forums that suppliers could tap into, it would create a more structured approach. We should start with the problem or expectation, then ask for creations. (We have recognised this approach before in other EU countries over on our Public Spend Forum site.) One supplier from the floor felt innovation is something that is expected from you: your customers come to you because you offer them something others can’t, because you’re the best. The buyer can’t do everything themselves, suppliers bring the innovation. There are many organisations that run award programmes that recognise and reward innovation – so it’s a good idea to look out for those. (And we can tell you about some of them here.) In terms of getting through the Government door, it was acknowledged that it can be a complicated process depending on size of contract. But good advice was given – don’t just think you have to talk solely to procurement. They should be involved, but more importantly, talk to the users. And use organisations like MSDUK, they are important because they can speak on behalf of their members –  "they are our source of getting intelligence on how we could make things easier". Q. But how do you make sure you are talking to the right person, in the right part of the business? That they are not just interested in their monthly targets? A. Organisations that care about inclusive procurement must make it transparent how important small and diverse suppliers are to the business. It needs to be articulated at all levels. Obviously a lot comes down to the skillset of the person you are talking to – if they don’t care, then innovation is stifled, but that’s another issue. You know where your value lies, demonstrate it and remember you can use Procurement to get to another route. Q. During an RFP, we are encouraged not to deviate from the process, we can get marked down. It is a challenge to bring innovation to larger tenders. A. Some parts of government, like DWP, and some businesses hold supplier engagement days with SMEs, and there should be more of that across government, it was felt. There is of course a pre-procurement phase and suppliers are encouraged to use them to get better acquainted and noticed before they go through the process. Q. How will things change after Brexit? A. The panel were all of one mind – that nothing changes for now. There will still be regulations like there are for all countries. In the future, they will depend on the trading relationships we have, then we will put in place the regulations to support them, and we will make them as simple as we can. The key message is ‘business as usual.’ Q. Innovation seems to be the focus when it comes to considering SMEs, but what about efficiency and speed – they are big benefits too. Procurement managers should look to more than innovation and disruption – they should think about agility. When you look at your policies – is that in them? A. All markets are different – the key is to achieve consistency of approach. When we assess value, there are different triggers that are important for commercial, and speed-to-market is one of them. If you can bring agility and cost efficiency, that is innovation. Those things are expected as the baseline, but it’s important to communicate that to all stakeholders. The key is to be able to demonstrate where your strength lies, if it’s speed, give evidence, we will reward that. The session was very well presented and well received by suppliers and buyers alike. At the end of the session, one of the suppliers I spoke with put the value of supplier diversity like this: “We don’t just add colour to your organisation, we add saffron to your cooking,” which was a rather nice way of saying, we add flavour, it’s good for you and you can get a lot out of it. He added – you must think ‘diversity,’ and make sure diverse suppliers are not just a token in your business.  Discuss this: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of new posts by email. Lead Sponsors Popular Posts Recent Comments Public & private sector procurement – what do you think of the differences? The top 5 challenges for the Chief Procurement Officer Remko Van Hoek at the Procurement Summit – California Thinking Crown Commercial Service Technology Products 2 – Looks Good! President Trump and First Thoughts on Procurement Implications The Who, What, Why and How of Supplier Rationalisation RIP Leonard Cohen – “I have tried, in my way, to be free.” : Martyn Gladman said : Like Nancy I first heard Leonard Cohen in my early teens. After listening to the opening verse of Su... Monday Rant - Please Make Your Procurement Content Worthwhile : RJ said : Bit of a plug for your former co-writer, Peter, in that Source Global Research (headed by Fiona Czer... Crown Commercial Service Technology Products 2 - Looks Good! : Secret Squirrel said : Going to disagree, Peter. I don't see many improvements here at all.... 1) A dynamic direct awa... Monday Rant - Please Make Your Procurement Content Worthwhile : Dan2 said : I rate this blog post 3.5 out of 5.... Monday Rant - Please Make Your Procurement Content Worthwhile : Jason Busch said : A good piece, Peter. I read it not so much as just criticizing the junk, but also for the idea of he... Associate Sponsors Procurement Research Spend Matters research is based on a year-long editorial calendar, exploring bigger picture areas and issues. New! The Merger – A Procurement Story A short novel in four chapters. It follows and scripts the daily lives of two CPOs whose businesses have been recently merged: the one, a fully tech-savvy, source-to-pay function, the other, relying on personal expertise and hands-on manual processes. We learn of their opposing challenges and how they resolve them -- together. New! Contingent Labour Review: Key Procurement Priorities (Part 2) - Tomorrow’s market and how to manage it This is the second part of a paper that draws on the real issues faced today by procurement teams managing the growing area of contingent labour spend. It takes these challenges, explores what they might mean for the future of the market, and makes recommendations for procurement professionals to get most value out of their expenditure. New! The “consumerisation” of corporate systems - Can business procurement technology learn from the consumer world? What makes the best in consumer buying technology attractive and effective? This paper examines how procurement can ensure that corporate buying systems apply the best thinking from the consumer world, and why this will bring benefits for everyone. New! Contingent Labour Review: Key Procurement Priorities (Part 1) — Setting the scene for change This paper draws on the real issues faced today by procurement teams managing the growing area of contingent labour spend. It analyses market structures, maturity levels and makes recommendations for senior procurement executives. New! Should Mid-Market Organisations Invest in eProcurement Systems? – The Key Questions Answered This Q & A style paper looks at why the time is right for mid-sized firms to consider investing in purchase to pay technology, and answers the questions typically asked by CFOs and CPOs. New! Improve Your Procurement Negotiation Skills The work of behavioural psychologist and Nobel Prize winner Dr Daniel Kahneman suggests some winning techniques. How to use priming, attitudes to risk and anchoring to your advantage in negotiations! New! Full Value Buying: Moving Beyond Price Negotiation We look at range of procurement mechanisms that can drive better value, and then consider two aspects in more detail - demand management and specification - which can drive far greater benefits than a pure price focus! New! What Defines Complex Sourcing – and Why Does It Matter? In this briefing paper, we look at the factors that contribute towards making a sourcing process or task “complex” – and explain why that matters to procurement functions and people. Case Study: Procurement in SNCF demonstrates its value to the organisation In this case study, we take an honest, detailed look at how France's giant national rail network, SNCF, implemented Sievo's spend management solution. Three Occasions When Procurement Should Spend More In this paper we look at why cost reduction isn’t always the right strategy, we introduce the concept of a Value Category and solve an age-old procurement problem (with Maths)! More Research Decoupling Creative and Production Procurement – Handle with Care! What are the key factors to consider when deciding how to structure marketing services supply chains? Read about the opportunities – and risks – here. Centralise or Devolve Procurement – Why Not Both? Find out how technology is enabling procurement to keep control of what matters, whilst devolving authority to local users and budget holders. Managing Complex Categories; Beware the Complexity of Standardisation! Standardisation is rightly a seen as a key tool to drive CatMan benefits – but it needs to be approached carefully, particularly for complex categories. We explain how to avoid the main traps. Contract Management – Making the business case for investment (part 3) In the final part of this series, we look at the risks that can be mitigated through effective contract management, and pull together final thoughts on the topic. Demonstrating Corporate Social Responsibility in the Marketing Services World We look at buying of marketing materials, and how brand value can be tarnished if procurement and marketing don’t manage CSR issues properly. A Seat at the Top Table This paper discusses how procurement professionals can position themselves best to work at the highest levels of organisations, and how they can show they’re ready for the top jobs! Contract Management – Making the business case for investment (part 2) In the second of this three part series, we look at identifying the various opportunities that can be generated from effective contract management. Choosing the Right Tools – How Procurement Can Better Align with Both Trade and Brand Marketing’s Needs In this short paper we look at the particular needs of Marketing, and how procurement can help by providing the right tools that will be relevant and useful to those colleagues. Also Available Contract Management – Making the business case for investment What Does Usability Really Mean? Making Software Selection Decisions and Getting Behind the Rhetoric Putting the Supplier at the Heart of Procurement Thinking Indirect Category Sourcing Savings: Fact or Fiction? The Four Faces of Procurement Is your Supplier Selection Process a Source of Competitive Disadvantage? Balancing internal and external service provision – key decisions for procurement professionals Supplier Lifecycle Management: Reduce risk, Improve Performance and drive Supplier Value Managing Indirect Services – Procurement’s Greatest Opportunity? Market-Informed Sourcing: A game-changer for Procurement >Full Papers and Briefs List Monthly Newsletter Sign up to receive our monthly newsletter. Filled with top monthly highlights, special features, exclusive content and album of the month. >Subscribe Today Get Social             Coverage eProcurement / Procurement Supply Chain Management Sourcing Commodities Supplier Networks Services and Indirect Spend Healthcare Procurement Network Contributors Pierre Mitchell | Jason Busch Peter Smith | Taras Berezowsky Kaitlyn McAvoy | Sheena Smith Lisa Reisman | Stuart Burns Gert van der Heijden | Tom Finn Xavier Olivera | Jesus Campos Regional Coverage United States United Kingdom and Europe México y América Latina The Netherlands China Quick Links Sponsorship and Advertising Media Kit and Rate Card Privacy Policy Terms of Use Network Sites Spend Matters | Plus / PRO | CPO MetalMiner | MetalMiner Indx Spend Matters UK/Europe Public Spend Matters Europe Spend Matters Netherlands Spend Matters México y América Latina Trade Financing Matters Public Spend Forum Spend Matters Group Healthcare Matters Azul Partners, Inc. 3318 N. Halsted Street Chicago, IL 60657 Corporate Sales: 215.508.7414 Corporate Address 421 West Melrose, 10C Chicago, IL USA 60657 Copyright 2004-2015 Azul Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The News Procurement Research Free Research Premium Research Spend Matters Sites Spend Matters Network Spend Matters Public Spend Matters Europe Spend Matters Netherlands Spend Matters México y América Latina MetalMiner Public Spend Forum Trade Financing Matters Spend Matters Group Healthcare Matters About Us Contact Us advertise RSS Subscribe


Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 MIT is developing a method to train self-driving cars to make morally right decisions Digital Trends Oct. 6, 2016, 7:44 PM 1,123 facebook linkedin twitter email print This May 13, 2015 file photo shows the front of Google's new self-driving prototype car during a demonstration at the Google campus in Mountain View, Calif. AP Photo/Tony Avelar We humans err and err often. If it is not a small mistake like leaving the keys in the fridge, then it is a deadly one like leaving the oven on all day. We tend to be reckless, forgetful, overconfident, easily distracted — dangerous traits when steering a two-ton, metal machine across lanes at 70 mph. Four out of the top five causes for car crashes are the result of human error. Computers, on the other hand, have purely pragmatic minds. They sense data and react in programmed, calculated ways.  Self-driving cars already seem to be safer than humans behind the wheel. The rate of progress in artificial intelligence over the past few years has some experts claiming that driving a car will be made illegal by 2030. But, as most drivers know, driving can require split-second decisions with no obvious right answer. A squirrel darts into the road — do you swerve and risk hitting other cars or drive straight and hope the squirrel survives. How would you react if a dog ran into the road? Or a criminal? Or a child? Which lives are worth risking? These questions are being asked by teams of researchers around the world. Now they are looking to you for answers. “Self-driving cars are now practically inevitable,” Massachusetts Institute of Technology graduate student and research assistant Sohan Dsouza told Digital Trends. “That is a good thing, generally, because they would help save countless lives now being lost daily due to human driver error and can offer independent mobility to countless others who cannot drive.” To that end, Dsouza, Edmond Awad, and their team at the MIT Media Lab developed Moral Machine, a platform that engages users in moral dilemmas and asks them how the self-driving car should respond. A handful of factors play into each scenario, including the age and gender of victims, their social status, and whether they are breaking the law. Participants are asked to make decisions in 13 dilemmas. The results then pooled as crowdsourced data and may one day be used to guide the development of ethical machines. After judging the dilemmas, users can compare their outcomes to others’ and even design their own for others to answer. “One of our primary goals is provoking debate among the public,” Dsouza said, “and especially dialogue among users, manufacturers, insurers, and transport authorities. This file photo taken Tuesday, May 13, 2014 shows a row of Google self-driving cars outside the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, Calif. AP Photo/Eric Risberg “Not all crashes can be avoided, and the possibility remains that machine intelligence piloting vehicles may have to deal with situations where someone has to die so someone else can live — rather like the classic philosophical thought experiment known as the trolley problem.” The trolley problem has been pondered for nearly 50 years. In it, a train car is en route to hit five people down the track. You have a switch that can steer the trolley down another set of tracks, where it will hit only one person. Would you intervene or do nothing? “There are very few experiment-based studies regarding this possibility,” Dsouza said. “Hence, we needed to create a platform that would be able to generate large numbers of multi-factor scenarios and present them to users in an easy-to-understand, easy-to-use, and engaging way, so as to build a model of how people perceive the morality of machine-made decisions.” Moral Machine has gathered answers on more than 11 million scenarios so far. Although the team has yet to perform a deep analysis, they are noticing regional trends that hint at the rocky road ahead. “On average, respondents from western countries place a relatively higher value on minimizing the number of overall casualties — that is, they approve more utilitarian choices — compared to respondents from eastern countries,” Dsouza said. Revealing these cultural discrepancies fosters debate and dialogue, which is essential to making progress. “We believe we have already made an impact,” Dsouza said. “This dialogue will eventually help the stakeholders in this scene reach an equilibrium of legislation, liability assessment, moral comfort, and public safety.” Read the original article on Digital Trends. Copyright 2016. Follow Digital Trends on Twitter. More from Digital Trends: A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views If you’ve ever used AdultFriendFinder, your details may have just been stolen Oops, they stepped in it again. VW says Audi cars can distort emissions tests Facebook removes and then restores this man's birthday photo 5 new songs you need to stream: Run The Jewels, Nathaniel Rateliff and more NOW WATCH: NASA recorded moving clouds on Titan — and it's amazing Loading video... More: Google Uber Self-Driving Car MIT Media Lab Moral Machine Tesla Machine Learning Digital Trends facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru MIT is developing a method to train self-driving cars to make morally right decisions MIT is developing a method to train self-driving cars to make morally right decisions We humans err and err often. If it is not a... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  News Samsung joins the AI big leagues with purchase of Viv Labs Friday 7 October 2016  | Comment Now Virtual assistant was built by the creators of Siri after leaving Apple in 2012. I barely use voice assistants, but it's hard to argue that the tech top dogs think they're the way forward. Amazon and Google are currently battling for control of the living room with Echo and Google Home, and Siri, Google Now and Cortana are competing on mobile, so it's perhaps no surprise to see Samsung beefing up its own offering. And that's exactly what the Galaxy phone maker has done with the purchase of Viv Labs, the team behind the artificial-intelligence software Viv, which aims to handle your everyday tasks without any intervention. You may not have heard of Viv – it's yet to launch – but you'll be familiar with its founders' work. Dag Kittlaus, Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham were the brains behind Siri, but they left Apple two years after the acquisition to found Viv. It hasn't been revealed how much the Samsung paid for the company, but it's understood that Viv and its 50 or so San Jose-based employees will continue to work independently of the Samsung mothership. Video of [Interview] Dag Kittlaus, Co-founder and CEO of Viv, Discusses the Future of AI with Samsung   What will this actually mean for Samsung? Well, presumably in the short term it's hoping that people will stop using Google Now on its flagship phones, but there could be more than that too. If Amazon Echo and Google Home take off, then Samsung could try its own version, but there's no reason to stop there either. Unlike Apple or HTC, Samsung devices are all over the house, from televisions to washing machines. Viv could sit within all these devices, adding a sprinkling of artificial intelligence throughout your house. Viv Labs claims that Viv is not your average artificial intelligence, and is able to write its own code to complete new tasks as they appear – something they call “dynamic program generation”. As it hasn't yet launched, it's hard to speculate as to how impressive this will be in practice, but Samsung clearly sees potential there. It may be a few years yet before we see any practical commercial benefits, but this is an unambiguous statement of intent against Google, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft. This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Head-to-head: Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 Head-to-Head: Google Pixel vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Study finds malware lurking in Amazon, Google and Groupon cloud services Samsung's Galaxy S8 will come with an AI Google Pixel: 5 things we love and 3 we don’t about Google's new ... Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  amazon  |  apple  |  artificial intelligence  |  chris brigham  |  dag kittlaus  |  google  |  google home  |  google phone  |  google pixel  |  samsung  |  siri  |  viv  |  viv labs  |  viv labs virtual assistant   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0!     UPGRADE AUSTRALIA 4.0 IS COMING TO SYDNEY!     No Man's Sky and the destruction of the power fantasy     25 Superheroes Who Deserve Their Own Games     Asus' new gaming house, and gaming gear   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Study finds malware lurking in Amazon, Google and Groupon cloud services << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) FEATURE 17 things Elon Musk believes << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Yahoo knew about hack back in 2014 << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Silicon Valley wants California to leave the USA after Trump win << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS How to: Shop safely online with these 5 tips << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Hedy Lamarr: The Hollywood star who pioneered Wi-Fi technology << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS What does a Trump win mean for tech and science? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to follow the US Presidential election results << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS How likely is it for someone to hack the US election? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Fujitsu workers stage 48-hour strike over gender pay gap << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Study finds malware lurking in Amazon, Google and Groupon cloud services Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature 17 things Elon Musk believes Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Which Aussies did we spot at Cisco Partner Summit in San Francisco? NextDC beats Equinix, Global Switch to AWS Melbourne Direct Connect The ISP that Telstra's David Thodey was worried about is here Merged Logicalis and Thomas Duryea reveals new name Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients That's it for IPv4, go all IPv6: Internet Architecture Board ANZ Bank ousts CIO How NAB is rebuilding online banking, piece by piece NBN passes 1 million FTTN/B premises PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege EA Shooter Showdown: Titanfall 2 vs Battlefield 1 About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokemon Go 2 days ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Ideas Bank 4 days ago What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server WIRED Explains 1 day ago Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Animals 2 days ago WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication Whatsapp 3 days ago The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) Aliens 1 day ago Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Space 1 day ago From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture Donald Trump 4 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? Physics 2 days ago Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Podcast 3 days ago Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Emoji 2 days ago Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram 3 days ago Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Artificial Intelligence 2 days ago Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapchat 3 days ago Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Netflix 3 days ago Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Overwatch 3 days ago Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Instagram 3 days ago DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 4 days ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokemon Go 2 days ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Ideas Bank 4 days ago What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server WIRED Explains 1 day ago Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Animals 2 days ago WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication Whatsapp 3 days ago The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) Aliens 1 day ago Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Space 1 day ago From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture Donald Trump 4 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? Physics 2 days ago Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Podcast 3 days ago Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Emoji 2 days ago Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram 3 days ago Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Artificial Intelligence 2 days ago Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapchat 3 days ago Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Netflix 3 days ago Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Overwatch 3 days ago Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Instagram 3 days ago DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 4 days ago Artificial Intelligence Samsung buys AI platform Viv, takes aim at Siri and Google Assistant Viv was developed by the creators behind Apple's Siri and will be used in Samsung's phones and televisions By Amelia Heathman 06 Oct 2016 By Amelia Heathman Thursday 6 October 2016 Samsung wants to incorporate a personal assistant into its phones, TVs and other products JUNG YEON-JE/Getty Samsung has acquired the AI platform, Viv, developed by the creators of Apple’s Siri, as an attempt to step up its focus on AI. ADVERTISEMENT Viv labs has developed a unique, open AI platform that gives third-party developers the power to use and build conversational assistants and integrate a natural language-based interface into renowned applications and services. Samsung wants to use Viv in its phones, TVs and other devices. “The deal showcases Samsung’s commitment to virtual personal assistants and is part of the company’s broader vision to deliver an AI-based open ecosystem across all of its devices and services,” the company said in a statement. Read more Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you By Matt Burgess Viv’s chief executive officer, Dag Kittlaus, was part of the team that developed Siri, the digital assistant Apple bought in 2010. Kittalus worked at Apple for three years after the acquisition before leaving to create Viv in 2012. In the public demo of Viv earlier this year, Kittlaus said he wanted the system to be “the intelligence interface for everything.” Viv says it is building the “simplest way for anyone to talk to devices and services everywhere”. “We see a future that is decidedly beyond apps – where you can get what you need quickly and easily no matter where you are,” added Kittlaus. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Apps are dying. Long live the subservient bots ready to fulfil your every desire Apps are dying. Long live the subservient bots ready to fulfil your every desire By James Temperton The AI platform is supposed to be more interconnected than other agents, like Siri. It can interact with multiple silos of information across apps and services to start talking to one another and become links in a user’s command chain. The programmatic nature of its back-end systems means that Viv’s AI is capable of writing its own code to accomplish new tasks. Viv calls this “dynamic program generation”. Earlier this week, Google launched its new AI personal assistant, which will be incorporated into its new Pixel smartphones and Home speaker. ADVERTISEMENT It will use Google’s search technology to find answers from the internet before they are read out to the user. Google's Assistant is also able to tap into its other services. Once permission is granted, the AI can scan emails, calendars, files, and personal photos held in other Google products. Amazon has also ventured into the AI market with its personal voice assistant Alexa, recently launched in the UK. Alexa is part of its Amazon Echo range, voice-activated home audio speaker systems with Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. It is always learning to adapt to speech patterns, vocabulary, and personal preferences. Subscribe to WIRED Share this article RECOMMENDED Google's Home assistant takes aim at Amazon's Alexa Google's Home assistant takes aim at Amazon's Alexa By Matt Burgess Speakers 05 Oct 2016 Google Pixel XL review: great battery and AI Assistant make it a must-buy for Android fans Google Pixel XL review: great battery and AI Assistant make it a must-buy for Android fans 9/10 By Victoria Woollaston Android 18 Oct 2016 Facebook' 'M' virtual assistant is part computer, part human Facebook' 'M' virtual assistant is part computer, part human By James Temperton Technology 27 Aug 2015 Getting started with Google Allo: how to use Google Assistant, send stickers and more Getting started with Google Allo: how to use Google Assistant, send stickers and more By Matt Burgess Google 27 Sep 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
Archive Jobs Jobs Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Death Notices iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Tickets Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories Farm Ireland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User News Australasia Monday 14 November 2016 CCTV 'catches deaf housemates discussing in sign language how to murder their friend' Robert Right fell from his balcony minutes after the trio were filmed ‘discussing plot’ Harry Cockburn Published 06/10/2016 | 09:59 0 Comments Share CCTV 'catches deaf housemates discussing in sign language how to murder their friend' Independent.ie Three deaf housemates were caught on CCTV using sign language to discuss the murder of their friend, minutes before he was thrown off a balcony. http://www.independent.ie/world-news/australasia/cctv-catches-deaf-housemates-discussing-in-sign-language-how-to-murder-their-friend-35108558.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35108557.ece/f1cc4/AUTOCROP/h342/melbourne-supreme-court%201.jpg Email A special hearing is underway at the Supreme Court of Victoria in Melbourne Three deaf housemates were caught on CCTV using sign language to discuss the murder of their friend, minutes before he was thrown off a balcony. Share CCTV 'catches deaf housemates discussing in sign language how to murder their friend' Independent.ie Three deaf housemates were caught on CCTV using sign language to discuss the murder of their friend, minutes before he was thrown off a balcony. http://www.independent.ie/world-news/australasia/cctv-catches-deaf-housemates-discussing-in-sign-language-how-to-murder-their-friend-35108558.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35108557.ece/f1cc4/AUTOCROP/h342/melbourne-supreme-court%201.jpg Email Go To Comments Jake Fairest, Warwick Toohey and Georgia Fields are accused of murdering Robert Right, who suffered severe head injuries after falling from a second floor apartment in Melbourne in January 2015. The trio were found unfit to stand trial due to intellectual disabilities and instead a special hearing in the Supreme Court of Victoria is underway which will determine if they committed the crime. Mr Fairest and Ms Fields have pleaded not guilty, while Mr Toohey has pleaded not guilty on grounds of mental impairment, Australia’s ABC News reports. The court heard that CCTV cameras in the foyer and lift of their apartment building captured the trio using sign language to discuss the murder of Mr Wright. Prosecutor Christopher Dane QC told the court: “Ms Firleds asked Mr Fairest ‘you want dead or alive and how die?’ “Mr Fairest signs ‘can strangle neck area, what do you think?’ “Mr Toohey signs to Mr Fairest ‘strangle risky’, and Ms Fields signs ‘fall good, fall good’.” The court heard that following the discussion, Mr Toohey and Mr Fairest confronted Mr Wright in the apartment. The men then lifted him over the balcony handrail as Ms Fields looked on. An eyewitness from the apartment building told police he was standing on his balcony below, and saw Mr wright hanging from the rail and holding onto someone’s hands. He said he then saw the hands let go and Mr Wright plummeted 12 metres to the ground. Police arrived and found the trio in the apartment. Each gave a different account of what had happened, the court heard. The friendship between Mr Wright and Mr Toohey had deteriorated since the pair had moved in together, and Mr Wright had accused Mr Toohey of stealing a tablet computer and a phone from his bedroom, a year before he was killed. Mr Dane told the court: “They made a plan and they did it.” Lawyers for Ms Fields and Mr Fairest denied their clients were involved in the alleged murder. Mr Toohey’s lawyer said his client was not challenging the accusations, but would argue that he does not have the mental capacity to be held legally liable for the crime. Online Editors Follow @Independent_ie Read More Two killed as a powerful quake rocks New Zealand  Nick Perry in Wellington A powerful earthquake struck New Zealand's South Island yesterday, killing at least two people, causing damage to buildings and infrastructure, and forcing thousands of people to evacuate their... Live New Zealand police confirm two people killed as thousands flee homes after tsunami hits  Charlotte Greenfield New Zealand police confirm that two people have been killed in the New Zealand earthquake. Indians scramble to deposit cash as government voids high-value bank notes in ‘black money’...  Annie Gowen, Rama Lakshmi Banks reopened to long lines and angry customers throughout India on Thursday after the government’s surprise move to devalue high-denomination currency in an effort to fight corruption and so-called... Recommended Videos from Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented New Zealand police confirm two people killed as thousands flee homes after tsunami...  Australasia Terminally ill 16-year-old hoping to give birth before she dies  Australasia Danish tourist has arm mauled after accidentally ‘body slamming’ crocodile in...  Australasia Indians scramble to deposit cash as government voids high-value bank notes in ‘black...  Australasia Two killed as a powerful quake rocks New Zealand  Australasia WATCH: Senator launches stinging attack at government's reaction to 'monster' and 'fascist'...  Politics Hillary Clinton set to receive more votes than any US presidential candidate in...  US Election 2016 'It’s a devastating blow for his wife and young children' - Man (43) dies in...  Farming News MUST WATCH: Aodhán O'Riordáin's passionate speech regarding the government's...  Irish News Video Joe Brolly: Time is running out to save the GAA from going the same way as rugby,...  Gaelic Football Hillary Clinton: The FBI cost me the US presidency A two fingers to a politically correct elite Silent majority is now speaking out Sexist Trump's sickly land of grope 'n glory Promoted articles Editors Choice Generals of the ASTI will find it hard to march the troops up the hill again Not for the first time were they marched up... Trump has raised unrealistic hopes - he should be nervous Was it just me, or did Donald Trump look... Stag parties: rite-of-passage or humiliating horror show? There are few occasions as redundant Also in World News Donald Trump chooses key White House aides President-elect Donald Trump appointed a controversial media figure to a key job... Tears as Christians return to worship at desecrated Iraq church There were gasps, followed by tears at a small... Tycoon may not live full-time in White House Donald Trump may continue to live in his $100m penthouse in New York rather... Iraqi flag raised again in ancient city but larger battle to drag on Iraqi forces battling Isil captured Nimrud, the site of... Two killed as a powerful quake rocks New Zealand A powerful earthquake struck New Zealand's South Island yesterday, killing at least two... Man plans to swim for four months to cross Atlantic A former British policeman will swim up to 12 hours a day for four months in a bid to... Trump softens vow to build Mexican wall President-elect Donald Trump backed away from his promise to build a wall... Paris falls silent on anniversary of horrific Isil attacks A sombre silence marked France's anniversary... US election will aid the far-right in France, says Le Pen Donald Trump's victory is an "additional stone in the building of a new world", Marine... Kate among British royals to remember UK's war dead The Duchess of Cambridge was among many royals who paid tribute to Britain's war... VIDEO: New Zealand on tsunami alert after earthquakes New Zealand's South Island is on tsunami... VIDEO: Eerie overhead footage shows darkened Christchurch as tsunami siren sounds... AN earthquake with a magnitude of 7.4... VIDEO - Paris terror attacks: Francois Hollande leads anniversary... French president Francois Hollande has joined... VIDEO - Donald Trump: Is the President-elect already breaking campaign... Donald Trump's election campaign contained... VIDEO: Nigel Farage the first UK politician to meet Trump since election Nigel Farage said Donald Trump's support for... WATCH: South Korea's Coast Guard fire machine guns at Chinese fishing boats South Korea's Coast Guard fires machine... VIDEO: Man tells armed robbers to 'shoot my wife' Tommy and Abby Jones have been nominated by Hampshire Police for the Chief... VIDEO: Barack Obama and Donald Trump meet at White House US President-elect Donald Trump has said it... WATCH: Chinese man grows ear on arm Doctors in China have grown an artifical ear on the arm of a man who lost his... VIDEO: Hillary Clinton urges supporters to give Donald Trump a chance to lead Addressing supporters in New York, Hillary... In Pictures: Anti-Trump protests take place across the US In Pictures: The latest from Mosul as battle for city rages on In Pictures: President-elect Donald Trump and wife Melania are shown around the White House In Pictures: Donald Trump victory sparks protests across several states In Pictures: 'Never stop believing' - Hillary Clinton's concession speech US election night: All the best pictures from an historic count as Donald Trump becomes next US president More than 50 arrested after thousands of protesters attended Million Mask March In Pictures: Aftermath of earthquake in central and southern Italy In Pictures: Vice-presidential candidate Pence's plane in runway skid Michelle Obama joins Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories Farm Ireland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Artificial Intelligence Research, Unintended Consequences and Sex John Martellaro @jmartellaro Oct 7th, 2016 5:25 PM EST | Particle Debris Research into Artificial Intelligence will evolve into many more applications than asking Amazon’s Echo how many teaspoons are in a tablespoon. Or driving an autonomous car. As the technology expands in its capabilities and applications, we’ll be confronted with massive social change. How will Apple, for example, both serve us and meet competitive challenges? Back in August I referenced a terrific article by Steven Levy about Apple’s development of Siri. “Siri and Apple’s Machine Learning Are About to Get a Lot Better.” Author Levy was given an inside look at what Apple is doing with machine learning and the transformation of Siri. The interview was likely granted because there had been a lot of press about artificial intelligence (AI), and Apple’s traditional secrecy made it appear that Apple wasn’t doing much. Plus, the Amazon Echo was getting a lot of press, and Apple has had nothing equivalent. Even if competing with the Echo is not in Apple’s plans, it certainly seemed like a good idea to reveal to author Levy that a lot of good things are happening at Apple with AI. Humble Servants. For Now But the scope and prognosis for AI has sweeping implications for our culture, far beyond a little cylinder that can order more cereal or play music on demand. We’re just geting started. And while Marc Andreessen points out (article #1 below) that the Amazon Echo project consumed 1,500 engineers for four years, the evolution of technology ensures that future projects will be far grander in scope but use merely equivalent resources. This week I’ve been reading about the unintended consequences of AI. Instead of just one major article, here’s my reading list. Venture capitalist Marc Andreessen explains how AI will change the world Westworld-style sex with robots: when will it happen – and would it really be a good idea? 4 Ways Every Business Needs To Use Artificial Intelligence Exponential Intelligence: Microsoft Is Building the First AI Supercomputer One theme of these articles is that AI is being developed because it can make big money. Right now, applications are fairly primitive—the kinds of things you can do with Siri, Cortana or Alexa. As that technology evolves, there will be new applications that may or may not directly serve the consumer on a small scale. For example: Unintended Consequences Persuasion. Robo callers that use a vast library of historical data and psychological techniques to sell or persuade politically will be used. “Robo” used to mean robotic-like phone dialers. In the future, people who are unprepared could be manipulated by vastly intelligent AI Robos into a variety of legal and illegal schemes. Drones. Independent, armed law enforcement drones are conceivable. Unless strict legislation intervenes, various governments could find it convenient and efficient to use AI drones for patrol and arrest, pending arrival of a human police officer. Sexual surrogates. Article #2 above goes into considerable ethical detail about human sex with androids. A licensed psychiatrist providing a prescription for a sex surrogate is one thing. However, the purchase of a commercial android sentient enough to be pleasing and have a mind of its own is conceivable. What would be the legalities of a rape by the human? Courts. AI agents that can scan case law on behalf of attorneys are likely. How will the legal system be affected by AI agents that are skilled enough to battle each other? Does an accused without great financial resources have a right to an AI agent of equal prowess as that owned by a government? Local and Federal Law. AI agents could scan and digest municipal laws on behalf of a citizen. Imagine a (hypothetical) case where where Siri, having just absorbed every law on file in the state of Colorado and the city of Denver advises: “I see you’re about to use Apple Pay to purchase six pounds of fertilizer. The purchase of more than 5 pounds is illegal.” Will Siri cancel the transaction? If the customer insists, will (should) Siri report the violation of the law? International Relations. Could a day come when the president, plus staff, the Secretary of State and Defense might consult an AI agent on the impact of certain foreign policy decisions? As is often the case, (for example chess) smart decisions can appear illogical on the surface. How would the U.S. President explain certain decisions to the American people that appear offensive but are, in fact, effective and brilliant? Questions for Apple We’re just at the beginning of the commercial exploitation of AI agents. The questions I have are: Will Apple build personal AI agents that are designed to protect us at all costs? This is related to the recent issues raised in the conflict between the FBI and Apple over encryption. What happens when we humans no longer understand what each side in the encryption battle is up to? How will Apple’s research lend itself to dealing with the AI industry at all levels? That is, will Apple limit it’s vision or, instead, become embroiled in the highest level of effort that only tech giants like Amazon, Google, Microsoft can afford? As businesses of all kinds begin to utilize AI agents of lesser capability, will Apple’s AI work be able to properly defend us? Should there be a law that says AI agents of a certain class of sophistication (to be defined) cannot approach a human with out his/her own AI representative? The articles I’ve listed above go into many more issues. But perhaps, before I get a serious headache, it’s time to move on. Next page: The Tech News Debris for the Week of October 3rd. Why we shouldn’t laugh at the AirPods. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: AI, AI agent, AirPods, Apple, OLED One Comment Add a comment aardman October 8, 2016 Pardon the duplication, I’m reposting a comment that I meant to put in this article. The problem with voice recognition, and this just happened to me with iMessages when I tried it again having reading this article, is if you use a new word, it makes a mistake and you have to correct it manually. That defeats the purpose of using dictation. Okay, it’s too much to ask the app to know something it hasn’t heard before, but there must be a way to make the correction also through the voice interface. Now that seems to be a big problem for a silicon mind, how does iMessages’ natural language interface distinguish between a command and actual text without reserving words that signal that a command or text is about to follow? Humans easily make this distinction in conversation. A steno easily figures out if what she is hearing is text to be transcribed rather than an aside. And if she makes a mistake, it is easily corrected through conversation. She easily infers intent, she has a good idea of what’s in the head of the person giving dictation. I think this is a challenge that pervades all of AI: inferring idiosyncratic intent. There is a much reproduced experiment in psychology (a field notorious for irreproducible experimental results) where they show that humans, down to 2 years old even, understand the concept of ‘people other than myself have their own thoughts and own sets of knowledge’ and, more importantly, can make accurate guesses of what another person is thinking of and knows. Earlier this week, news came out that this experiment was run on bonobos, chimps and orangutans and the key finding is that they also exhibit this ability. (Well maybe not to the extent that we do.) Here… https://today.duke.edu/2016/10/falsebeliefs As far as I know computers can’t do this, and as long as they don’t, AI systems will not be able to do the Star Trek-like things that people hope they can do in the future. October 8, 2016 at 3:36 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 4921 John Martellaro columns-opinions 1 1475861102 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
November 14, 2016 0735 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:169942 Publish Date: Fri, 07 Oct 2016 15:47:23 GMT Service: Iran Apes show complex cognitive skills watching 'King Kong' videos Scientists using homemade videos featuring a person in a King Kong costume have documented a remarkable cognitive skill shared by chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans: The human-like ability to recognize when someone else's beliefs are wrong. The research demonstrated that these great apes, humankind's closest living evolutionary cousins, possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, the scientists said, according to reuters.com. As individual apes were shown videos featuring a human actor and a costumed ape-like King Kong character, researchers tracked their eye movements. In the video, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. When the person leaves, King Kong moves the object to a new location. When the person returns to find the object, the apes looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. "Even though the apes knew the object had been moved, they understood that the human thought it was still there," said study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan. Study co-leader Christopher Krupenye, said, "The ability to think about others' thoughts and emotions is at the heart of so much of human social behavior, including our unique forms of communication, cooperation and culture." At the core of this ability is understanding that others' actions are guided not necessarily by reality but by their beliefs about reality, even when false, added Krupenye, a comparative psychologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany who worked on the study, published in the journal Science, at Duke University. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age four or five. "Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn't so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general," Krupenye said. Krupenye added,  "By studying these apes, researchers seek to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with other apes and thus likely were present in the common ancestor that lived some 13 to 18 million years ago before the split of the evolutionary lineage of humans and those other species. "Previous research showed that apes can reason about others' goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen."     KeyWords Apes complex cognitive   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran, Russia cooperating on Middle East issues: Larijani EU must play more active role on regional, global issues: Zarif Iran beats USA in world kabaddi meet to reach semifinals Iran seeks secure, stable Iraq: Parliament speaker Iran crowned at 1st world Pahlavani bouts Iran fit enough to win world physique title Top Iranian, Russian parliamentarians meet in Tehran President Rouhani inaugurates three oilfields in Khuzestan Official: Over 1m Iranians enter Iraq for Arba’een rituals Iran to join Paris climate change treaty Most Visited Trump looking at 'quick ways' to ditch Paris climate accord: Report Protests erupt in Cincinnati after mistrial in police shooting of black male Sanders popular policies could have made him president: Analyst www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/2092 sec
Slate Sign In Sign Up This Is Why Donald Trump Is So Obsessed With “Genius” This Is Why Donald Trump Is So Obsessed With “Genius” Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Education Getting schooled. Oct. 7 2016 8:00 AM Think Like a Genius It’s no surprise that Donald Trump is so obsessed with two of the most dangerous concepts in education history. By Dana Goldstein   Donald Trump with those whom he regards as fellow geniuses: romance novelist Judith Krantz, actor-filmmaker Sylvester Stallone, and the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs. Photo illustration by Slate. Images by Kevin Winter/Getty Images, Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images, Alexandra Wyman/Getty Images, and your_photo/Thinkstock As a journalist who focuses on education, I’ve mostly been able to avoid writing about Donald Trump during this election campaign, luckily enough. But now I feel I must weigh in! I’ve noticed that Trump is obsessed with two of the most dangerous concepts from education history: genius and IQ. On Meet the Press last Sunday, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani repeatedly called the Republican presidential candidate a “genius” for avoiding federal income taxes. There's no doubt that the idea of extreme, measurable intelligence is close to Trump’s heart: He has challenged the mayor of London to an IQ test and tweeted, “Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest—and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure, it’s not your fault.” Trump’s books are full of references to genius and IQ. His 2009 tome Think Like a Champion warns readers about the risks of “underestimating” one's own abilities. “Someone asked me if I thought I was a genius,” he writes. “I decided to say yes. Why not?” Advertisement In Think Like a Billionaire (2004), Trump explains that he got some of his best investment ideas in his early 20s, when his own genius was purer and less corrupted by experience. “Genius is the ability to assemble in new forms what already exists, and sometimes the youngest people are the greatest geniuses,” he states. Who (besides himself) does Donald Trump consider a genius? Sylvester Stallone, who is “a genius purely by instinct,” and Jean-Georges Vongerichten, who runs a restaurant at Trump’s Central Park West hotel (and whose ginger fried rice, in my opinion, truly is genius). As befits a man who loves to cite his own poll numbers, Trump seems to believe that popularity is itself evidence of genius. He writes that Woody Allen and best-selling romance novelist Judith Krantz are geniuses for their ability to “know their market” and give audiences exactly what they want. Trump also (of course) admires Steve Jobs, writing that genius in business may be closely related to narcissism, which he defines as the ability to apply one’s “talent with unrelenting force ... even if it’s at the expense of those around them. ... A narcissist does not hear the naysayers. At the Trump Organization, I listen to people, but my vision is my vision.” How does Trump’s concept of genius compare to history’s? As Dartmouth professor Darrin McMahon explains in his fascinating book Divine Fury: A History of Genius, the word dates back to ancient Rome, where it was used to describe a spirit or familiar, able to intercede on one’s behalf with the gods. Think of a genie, or, from the Arabic, a jinn. During early Christianity, a genius was a sort of angel who could protect a church or nation. It was only during the Enlightenment, when religion receded, that genius became something a man could be as an individual, instead of something a man could have as an ally. (And yes, genius was, from the beginning, considered an almost exclusively male phenomenon.) It was now men, not gods, who created the world, and in the 18th century, Shakespeare, Benjamin Franklin, and Cardinal Richelieu were all hailed as geniuses. These modern geniuses were powerful, creative, free-thinking, and sometimes, also, a bit scary. Descartes wrote of a deceitful “evil genius ... very powerful and very cunning.” Genius was often described as a fire or uncontrollable “enthusiasm.” It was not purely intellectual, nor a matter of studying hard to gain knowledge of the world. Rather, genius was an inborn trait, something that marked a few men as exceptional from birth. A genius could be an artist at the brink of madness, like van Gogh, or an evidence-based scientist, like Newton or Einstein. Hitler, too, was recognized in his heyday as a type of demonic, charismatic genius. And I must admit, when I watch Trump enthrall a ravenous crowd at one of his rallies, I do see a dark sort of genius for feeding off people’s shame and fear. Advertisement Trump’s adoration of IQ testing recalls an especially disturbing period in the history of genius: the late 19th and early 20th century, when social scientists attempted to measure and compare people’s intelligence. The pseudoscience of phrenology claimed that genius could be identified by examining the shape of people’s skulls. Alfred Binet, the pioneering French psychologist, experimented with phrenology but was ultimately dissatisfied with that technique. In 1905 he developed the first IQ test, which was originally intended to identify children with learning disabilities. IQ quickly enraptured American researchers, who were eager to find a scientific justification for the nation’s racial hierarchy. Carl Brigham, who later developed the SAT, studied the IQ scores of over 1 million World War I recruits. Brigham and colleagues claimed that the scores showed native-born whites as the most intelligent group, followed by immigrant Italians and Jews, and then black Americans. But IQ exams have never tested innate smarts. The questions asked on early IQ tests—about the author of The Scarlet Letter, the diet of squirrels, and the city where the Declaration of Independence was signed—required background knowledge. It was unsurprising that poor people, with less access to good schools and less familiarity with middle-class white American culture, scored lower. Nevertheless, low IQ scores were frequently used as a justification for sterilizing and incarcerating people. Trump’s adoration of IQ testing recalls an especially disturbing period in the history of genius. By the mid-20th century, more sophisticated IQ tests contained more mental puzzles and fewer questions that required content knowledge. IQ is not a useless measure; research shows it is correlated with success in the labor market. But as Nobel prize–winning economist James Heckman wrote in the wake of the uproar over Charles Murray’s 1994 book The Bell Curve, all IQ tests are achievement exams, which means that far from measuring a person’s natural abilities, they can be “manipulated by educational interventions.” That’s why in New York City, where 4-year-olds can sit for a test meant to help public schools identify the “gifted and talented,” there is a cottage industry in test prep books and tutors for kids just out of toddlerhood, and each year a larger and larger percentage of children are identified as “gifted.” Despite overwhelming evidence that IQ is a social construct that favors the wealthy, there are always commentators willing to argue for public policy tied to IQ scores, from curricular tracking to immigration restrictions. In 2013, an analyst at the Heritage Foundation, Jason Richwine, lost his job after the media discovered his dissertation, which cited what he called the “IQ disparity between Hispanics and non-Hispanic whites” and “the persistently low IQ of Hispanic Americans” as supporting his argument that individual IQ test scores should be used as a basis for admitting immigrants to the U.S.* Richwine’s work largely ignored the well-established impact that family income and school quality have on IQ scores, yet his dissertation earned him a Harvard Ph.D. So Trump is hardly alone in valorizing IQ. It is no shock that a man obsessed with the superiority of native-born, white, and male people is drawn to a “science” that replicates social hierarchies. And yet, I’d argue that we’re all implicated in the tenacious hold of the IQ score. The idea of measuring our own genius enthralls us. A simple web search turns up dozens of free IQ tests. I spent 20 minutes taking one exam, which timed me while I answered questions about whether a square of a certain size could fit into a certain size pentagon and whether the word mineral could be spelled using only the letters found in the word parliament. My score was 116, or “high average.” The test was just spam, but I was disappointed. Apparently, I’m not a genius! Perhaps I should take a page from Trump. He may have a high IQ, but true genius, he believes, is more a matter of self-definition. “Tell yourself that you are a genius,” Trump suggests in Think Like a Champion. “Right away you will probably wonder why and in what way you are a genius. And right away, you will have opened your mind up to wonder—and to asking questions. That’s a big first step to thinking like a genius, and it might unlock some of your hidden talents.” Historian Darrin McMahon writes that this belief that anyone can be a genius is a hallmark of postwar American self-help culture. He also notes that today’s most celebrated geniuses—Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, and a long list of actors and sports stars given the moniker—are generally also rich. “Genius, in the American way, was not just thinking new thoughts and creating new things,” McMahon writes, “but finding a use for them, and then using them to make a buck.” What could be more Trumpian than that? *Correction, Oct. 7, 2016: This article has been corrected to more accurately reflect Jason Richwine’s Harvard dissertation. Richwine did not argue that Latinos should be denied U.S. citizenship on the basis of their lower IQ scores as compared to native-born whites, as the piece originally stated; rather, Richwine cited what he called the “IQ disparity between Hispanics and non-Hispanic whites” and “the persistently low IQ of Hispanic Americans” as supporting his argument that individual IQ test scores should be used as a basis for admitting immigrants to the U.S. (Return.) Dana Goldstein is the author of The Teacher Wars. She contributes to Slate, the New Republic, the Marshall Project, and other publications.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2016 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Jobs Motors Property Business Directory Family Notices Dating Travel BuySell Book an Ad Photosales Contact Us How we use Cookies Your Account Edit Profile Logout Hinckley Times 5 day forecast » Home News Latest News Local News Crime Politics Motors Trending Today Chris Boothby Barack Obama The Queen David Sprason Joel Hicks Popular this week Education Politics Crime Top News More than 300 overseas patients treated by NHS in Leicestershire in six months Managers at the Leicester trust said they have clear policies and work hard to recoup any money owin Inquest hears police failings in M1 fatal crash We will remember: Round-up of Remembrance Sunday events News Opinion Simon Holden on Wonderful Hinckley Hinckley is on the up and we are drawing people in from far and wide to enjoy our shops, cafes, bars and restaurants" Simon Holden on Meatcure and what Hinckley can look forward Quite simply this was the best burger meal I have ever had" Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Union Cricket Other Sport Hinckley United FC Barwell FC Trending Today Thibaut Courtois Sir Alex Ferguson Mike Sutton Popular this week Hinckley United FC Barwell FC Motorsport Rugby Union Top Sport Send us your sports reports Whether it's football, bowls, cage fighting, fencing, tennis, fishing, golf, wrestling, darts, snooker, cricket, boxing, or anything else, we want to hear what the residents of Hinckley & Bosworth have been playing at Barwell bodybuilder wins top prize in debut competition Ex-Knitter is a wanted man at Nottingham Forest and Wigan Athletic Got a story?   Contact details for our reporters What's On   Find things to do near you What's On Latest What's On Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Trending Today Luis Suarez Popular this week Concordia Theatre Twycross Zoo Top What's On Seven of the best animal attractions in Leicestershire The county boasts some of the best creature features in the UK Hidden gems to explore near Hinckley Top 10 places to eat out in Hinckley and Burbage Theatre Listings   Find the best shows in Hinckley Gig Guide   Search for the best upcoming concerts In Your Area Barwell Broughton Astley Burbage Croft Desford Earl Shilton Hinckley Market Bosworth Newbold Verdon Sapcote Sharnford Stoke Golding Stoney Stanton Twycross Wolvey Buy, Sell & Tell Jobs Jobs Search for jobs in Hinckley Property Property Buying, Selling or Renting? Motors Motors Find new & used cars for sale Business Directory Business Directory Search our local business directory Family Notices Family Notices View latest announcements online Dating Dating Looking for a date in Hinckley? Travel Travel Search for the latest holiday deals BuySell BuySell Buy or sell 1000s of new and used items Book an Ad Book an Ad Create Private and Trade ads Search: Hot Topic: Education - Politics - Crime Follow Us: Facebook Like us on Facebook The Hinckley Times The best of The Hinckley Times in your Facebook feed Twitter Follow us on Twitter @HinckleyTimes News and sport from The Hinckley Times Newsletters Subscribe Weekly bulletin A weekly local bulletin from The Hinckley Times Home News Local News Armed Forces Watch: Twycross chimps net a donation from the RAF 11:09, 7 Oct 2016 Updated 11:19, 7 Oct 2016 By Karen Hambridge The zoo has received the generous donation from the Royal Air Force’s largest station, RAF Brize Norton   Share   Comments Get weekly news by email Video loading The video will start in 8s Cancel Click to play Tap to play The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video Discarded RAF cargo nets are delivering hours of fun for the great apes at Twycross Zoo. The zoo has received the generous donation from the Royal Air Force’s largest station, RAF Brize Norton, home to the RAF Transport Fleet. The idea came from RAF Squadron Leader Jayne Lindley after she enjoyed a Keeper for a Day experience and learnt all about the intricacies of looking after various species of exotic animals. Keeper Zoe Shaw and RAF Squadron Leader Jayne Lindley at Twycross Zoo The Chimpanzees in their enclosure at Twycross Zoo. The RAF have donated cargo nets to the great enclosures. Picture: Sarah Weaver The nets, previously used to safely restrain military equipment in RAF transport aircraft on military exercises and operations all around the world, have been installed in multiple enclosures in an effort to provide a more complex environment for great apes. Twelve have been put up within the habitats of the chimpanzees, gorillas, orangutans and bonobos. During her experience SL Lindley saw as well as providing essential everyday care the keepers at Twycross were always trying to enhance the animals’ environments, ensuring their minds and bodies were kept active. The Chimpanzees in their enclosure at Twycross Zoo. The RAF have donated cargo nets to the great enclosures. Photos: Lucy Ray The zoo is the only one in the UK to have every type of great ape - gorilla, orangutan, chimpanzee and bonobo - intelligent and sensitive primates, all of which require attention and stimulation to keep them physically and mentally able and socially interactive. In compliance with international regulations, the RAF can only use the nets for a certain number of years, and then are deemed of no use. Read More Twycross Zoo welcomes new baby gorilla However, for the apes at Twycross Zoo the nets are perfectly safe and ideal for climbing and swinging on in addition to the existing diverse network of interconnected straps. Simon Childs, great apes team leader, said: “We are grateful to Squadron Leader Jayne Lindley, who convinced the RAF to donate their used cargo nets to the zoo. These nets have been fantastic in enriching the habitats for our apes, giving them more usable and complicated environments off the ground. We can now scatter some of their snacks on the nets, making them climb up and encouraging them to move as they would in the wild.” The Chimpanzees in their enclosure at Twycross Zoo. The RAF have donated cargo nets to the great enclosures. Photos: Lucy Ray Squadron Leader Jayne Lindley, a logistics officer in the RAF and a keen wildlife enthusiast said: “The RAF is delighted to donate cargo nets to Twycross Zoo to help provide enrichment for their apes in support of the amazing conservation work they do. "The nets were previously used for safely flying equipment around the world in RAF transport aircraft such as the Hercules C130, loaded by RAF ‘movers’ which is one of more than 50 exciting roles in the RAF.” VIEW GALLERY thehinckleytimes Comments Show more comments Recently Published Earl Shilton man recalls his role in Aberfan disaster rescue Ron Birch was a Staff Sergeant at the Army Apprentices College in Chepstow at the time of the tragedy Evening digest: here's what you missed in the news today Rallying call for poppy stall volunteers in Hinckley area Previous Articles Founder of Twycross Zoo dies at age of 98 Nathalie Evans started the zoo with Molly Badham Evening digest: here's what you missed in the news today Choose names for Twycross Zoo's Amur leopard cubs Related Tags Entertainment Twycross Zoo Places Twycross Organisations Armed Forces Most Read in News NHS More than 300 overseas patients treated by NHS in Leicestershire in six months Blaby District Council Police boss calls for action over speeding in Sharnford Concordia Theatre Charity concert at Hinckley's Concordia in memory of tot Past Times Past Times: A history of Wolvey Hinckley Hinckley deaths: police chief writes touching open letter to community Most recent in News NHS More than 300 overseas patients treated by NHS in Leicestershire in six months Past Times Past Times: A history of Wolvey Concordia Theatre Charity concert at Hinckley's Concordia in memory of tot Hinckley Hinckley's Pamper With a Hamper giveaway is back Local News Grant boost for Bradgate Park Trust Most Read on The Hinckley Times NHS More than 300 overseas patients treated by NHS in Leicestershire in six months Blaby District Council Police boss calls for action over speeding in Sharnford Past Times Past Times: A history of Wolvey Concordia Theatre Charity concert at Hinckley's Concordia in memory of tot Local News Reasons to buy The Hinckley Times: The Hinkley Times Follow Us Contact Us Advertise The Editor Journalists Join us on social media. For the latest local news straight to your Twitter, Facebook feed or e-mail inbox. Twitter @HinckleyTimes Facebook The Hinckley Times Newsletter Weekly bulletin Contact The Hinckley Times Got a story in your area? Is there something happening in your area you would like us to report on? Postal Address Hinckley Times Atkins Building, Lower Bond Street, Hinckley, Leicestershire, LE10 1QU Contacts Newsdesk Phone: 01455 891965 E-mail: hinckleytimes@trinitymirror.com Sports 01455 891065 Reporters To view a full list of reporters click here. Advertising Interested in advertising? Please click here. Complaints At the Hinckley Times, we pride ourselves in journalism that is honest, accurate and fair. We do our best to correct errors or publish clarifications as soon as possible. For further information please click here. Advertise Hinckley's vital and leading online information provider, packed with in-depth local community news, which supports our print publication the Hinckley Times. The website offers high quality editorial focusing on local issues, sport, homes, motors, jobs, entertainment, business and events. For information on digital advertising download the Complete Guide to Digital Advertising Fully interactive site with reader forums and regular blogs. Localised sport information including football and rugby. The What's On section is a must have guide full of news and reviews on local entertainment, plus an interactive lifestyle section full of great features including a shopping and dating directory. Hinckley retail advertising Sallyanne Haddon 01455 891981 sallyanne.haddon@trinitymirror.com Hinckley classified advertising Maria Gough 02476 500413 maria.gough@trinitymirror.com Or use the contact form on our Advertising Page. The Editor Simon Holden Editor, The Hinckley Times Email simon.holden@trinitymirror.com Telephone 01455 891190 Simon started as a trainee reporter with The Hinckley Times in 1996 and worked his way up to become editor a few years ago. He is a Burbage man and has lived in the area for most of his life. Journalists Isaac Ashe Story Editor Robbie Gordon Reporter Emma Ray Story Editor Rachel Parrish Community Content Curator Karen Hambridge Senior Reporter Andrew Georgeson Reporter News Local News Crime Politics Motors What's On Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Sport Football Rugby Union Cricket Other Sport Hinckley United FC Barwell FC In Your Area Barwell Broughton Astley Burbage Croft Desford Earl Shilton Hinckley Market Bosworth Newbold Verdon Sapcote Sharnford Stoke Golding Stoney Stanton Twycross Wolvey Useful Links Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Goal Time Advertise with us How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds Archive Buy, Sell & Tell Jobs Property Motors Find a garage Business Directory Family Notices Dating Travel Book an Ad BuySell Photosales Cashback Public Notices
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Apes 'can guess what others are thinking' Sky News 06/10/2016 © Getty Chimpanzee Apes share the human-like ability to guess what others are thinking, according to scientists. The theory was tested on a group of chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans with a homemade video of an actor and another person dressed in a King Kong costume. In the clip, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. He then leaves the room, and King Kong moves the object to a different place. Researchers tracked the apes' eye movements individually to see how they reacted upon seeing the human return. Sure enough, the animals looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. Study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan, said that even though they knew the object had been moved, they understood the human believed it would still be in the original spot. An understanding of others' thoughts and feelings was believed to be a cognitive ability exclusive to humans prior to the study, the scientist said. Empathy is at the heart of human social behaviour, said study co-leader Christopher Krupenye, a comparative psychologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany. "Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn't so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general," Mr Krupenye said. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age four or five. By studying the animals, scientist are hoping to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with apes. Previous research has shown that apes can reason about others' goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen, Mr Krupenye said. The study is published in the journal Science, at Duke University, in North Carolina.   Go to MSN Home More in News Hunt for prisoners ‘at risk to public’ after they flee jail Mirror Second tremor hits NZ hours after deadly quake kills two Mirror NHS plans involving hospital closures 'kept secret from public' Press Association Theresa May sets out stall for UK's place in Trump’s world The Guardian Diabetic grandmother dies after Chinese 'slap treatment' The Telegraph London-bound flight forced to land after stork-hit Evening Standard Up Next May faces Cabinet pressure over Trump-Farage ties International Business Times More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Sky News Three men 'at risk to public' escape from prison Sky News Supermoon to be biggest and brightest for decades Sky News Trump firm on agenda but says 'don't be afraid' Sky News Farage's ties to Trump cause Tory tensions Sky News Sky News View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
null
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»GeckoSystems, an AI Mobile Robot Co., Announces Net Profit, Updates Shareholders 07.10.2016 | 06:07 (10 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired GeckoSystems, an AI Mobile Robot Co., Announces Net Profit, Updates Shareholders CONYERS, GA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/07/16 -- GeckoSystems Intl. Corp. (OTC PINK: GOSY) (http://www.GeckoSystems.com) announced today that not only did the Company turn a modest profit for the quarter ending June 30, but continues to gain traction in the marketplace. A notable international market research firm identified the Company as one of seven leaders in the service robotics marketplace. The Company introduced a new mobile robot concept for public safety and initiated a joint venture with an NYC AI firm for a machine sentient and moral robo-nurse. For over nineteen years, GeckoSystems has dedicated itself to development of "AI Mobile Robot Solutions for Safety, Security and Service." "Despite only being an initial sale to this JV partner, the $121,700 in gross revenue garners GeckoSystems a net profit after taxes for the quarter ending June 30 of $21,003. This sale does not include any software licensing revenues," stated Martin Spencer, CEO, GeckoSystems Intl. Corp. Recently, an internationally renowned market research firm, Research and Markets, again named GeckoSystems as one of the key market players in the service robotics industry. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Global Mobile Robotics market for the period 2015-2019. Research and Markets stated in their report, that they: "...forecast the Global Mobile Robotics market to grow at a CAGR of nearly sixteen percent over the period 2015-2019." The report has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts and covers the Americas, the APAC, and the EMEA regions. The report is entitled, Global Professional Service Robotics Market 2015-2019. "GeckoSystems has been recognized by Research and Markets for several years now and it is the most comprehensive report of the global service robotics industry to my knowledge. I am pleased that their experienced market researchers are sufficiently astute to accept that small service robot firms, such as GeckoSystems, can nonetheless develop advanced technologies and products as well, or better, as much larger, multi-billion dollar corporations such as AB Electrolux, etc. "It is an honor that they recognize the value of the over 100 man-years we have invested in our proprietary AI robotics Intellectual Properties and my full time work for nearly 20 years now. Our suite of AI mobile robot solutions is well tested, portable, and extensible. It is a reality that we could partner with any other company named in the report and provide them with high-level autonomy for collision free navigation at the lowest possible cost to manufacture," remarked Spencer. The new mobile robot concept is for better, lower cost public safety. All of those affiliated with the Company share the abject horror that most Americans are now still trying to process regarding the recent, indoor (and outdoor) mass shooting and murdering of tens of innocent victims. To better manage those 21st century mass shootings, the Company is offering to prototype and deploy the GeckoNED, a new type of mobile security robot that is a Non-violent Enforcement Device with a high level of independent mobile autonomy, sensor rich for enhanced situational awareness, and ease of teleoperation by designated public safety personnel. (See below for more information.) The joint venture with the NYC AI firm plans to address many of the same safety, morality and ethics issues of Google's advanced DeepMind artificial intelligence project from a different perspective. As a result of our past and present discussions with the senior, internationally recognized AI scientist, the NYC AI JV (the "JV") has decided to reveal the following benefits about the near term scope of its focused AI synergies. The JV envisions the design of pseudo-cognitive mobile robotic systems that can monitor and demonstrate understanding of some, not all, but many, specific forms of human activity, in order to "deduce" what should benefit the person. Numerous of those lower level, fundamental needs identified are within the capabilities of GeckoSystems' AI mobile service robot (MSR) solutions and with the cooperation of person receiving care. The goal for the pseudo-cognitive MSR is to provide context-adaptive active support to elderly care receivers and/or to individuals with specific forms of moderate to mild health issues, whether short term or chronic. The JV believes that integrating multiple forms of different environmental and human physiological and sensing systems will enable beneficially higher levels of proactive autonomy and adaptive interaction and therefore offer a much more compelling value proposition for caregivers and care receivers. This JV will deliver pseudo-cognitive AI engines that will be able to perform a set of advanced assistive actions currently not offered by present state-of-the-art approaches. Sensor rich MSR's produce big data requiring deep learning capabilities to achieve reliable predictive analytics to result in beneficial machine intelligence. This is much more difficult to achieve than business enterprise AI engines such as Watson, because the "answers" must be available in a "timely" fashion and in any circumstances encountered by the 7/24 caregiving MSR. Proactive-autonomy ambulatory required assistance tasks, that is, invoking automatically executed emergent robot behaviors, based on context-specific care monitoring and situational awareness, including AI initiated approaching of a patient, following them from room to room at a close, but safe, distance to provide timely cooperative assistance whenever and wherever needed (e.g. when fatigue is observed), or waiting in a stand-by mode nearby a care receiver to offer prompt support when and as needed. By this time, most readers will have realized that these tasks are much more challenging and difficult than those in alleged driverless or self-driving cars, drones, or fetch and/or delivery MSRs. Major scientific contributions of the JV are in, but not limited to, these areas: A multi-modal AI augmented and merged sensor data analysis/synthesis system that will capture, integrate, process and abstract: 1. Disparate sensor data clouds such as: Machine vision integration to interpret visible and non-visible light, Range finders i. LIDAR, ii. Ultrasonic, iii. Infrared (IR), passive and active iv. and time-of-flight (TOF) depth cameras (range finders), Haptic (touch and dead reckoning), Sound: speech tonality, cadence, etc., Odors such as gas, smoke, etc. Position and orientation i. MEMS accelerometer ii. Solid state compasses iii. GPS Human physiological sensors regarding human state and activity, i. Pulse rate, blood pressure, oxygenation level, blood sugar level, etc. ...in order to quickly detect, recognize and respond to not uncommon human health states with appropriate, timely semi-professional level like responses. The integration of the above paradigms and capabilities within a context-aware (machine awareness of the human dynamics and state) a pseudo-cognitive AI robot control architecture, which will incorporate contextual reasoning and planning regarding assistive robot actions and behavior, guiding the robot mechanism to deliver near optimal responses and to provide cost effective proactive, situation-adapted assistance, without necessitating immediate human personal intervention, to the care receiver is of significant benefit to millions of people. Obviously, implicit safety for all participants and users of such advanced machine sentience and autonomy must be ingrained. This is the primary task of the JV: Safety for human usage in all circumstances, foreseen and unforeseeable. Next week, the CEO will be traveling to Missouri to discuss licensing and/or a joint venture for use of the CareBot by a professional in-home caregiver firm of those needing watching over, but most often prefer to age in place. "We can only imagine how devastating Hurricane Matthew is to those in its path along the SE US coastline. Since our SEC attorney lives in SE FL, he is very appropriately most concerned about safe refuge for his family, we will be delayed in achieving Current Information status as originally planned for this week. "We continue to have numerous ongoing joint venture and/or licensing discussions with those who share the same interest in using mobile service robots to help others. I am also pleased that as the Service Robotics industry begins to offer real products to eager markets our capabilities are being recognized. We remain completely committed to providing our 1300+ shareholders the ROI they deserve. They can continue to be confident that we expect to be signing numerous multi-million-dollar licensing agreements to further substantiate and delineate the reality that GeckoSystems will enjoy additional licensing revenues to further increase shareholder value," concluded Spencer. About Research and Markets: Research and Markets is the leading source for international market research and market data. They hold '000's of major research publications from most of the leading publishers, consultants and analysts. They provide their clients with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends. Research and Markets Guinness Centre, Taylors Lane, Dublin 8, Ireland. http://www.researchandmarkets.com/ About GeckoSystems: GeckoSystems has been developing innovative robotic technologies for nineteen years. It is CEO Martin Spencer's dream to make people's lives better through AI robotic technologies. For example, all of those affiliated with the Company, as do most Americans, share the abject horror we are all still trying to process regarding the recent, indoor (and outdoor) mass shooting and murdering of dozens of innocent victims. To better manage those 21st century mass shootings, the Company is offering to prototype and deploy the GeckoNED, a new type of mobile security robot that is a Non-violent Enforcement Device with a high level of independent mobile autonomy, sensor rich for enhanced situational awareness, and ease of complete control under tele-operation by designated, vetted public safety personnel. The company is working closely with their recent joint venture with an advanced AI company in New York City to enable even greater independence and implicit common sense for more coverage at a lower cost to public safety organizations such as local police, county sheriff, state law enforcement organizations and/or the school's PTA. The following was written by Spencer shortly after the Sandy Hook mayhem, but not updated since the Pulse nightclub carnage. Safety for our children is a moral imperative for all enlightened civilizations. The present proliferation of lethal weaponry in the form of readily obtainable semi- and full automatic pistols and rifles has brought increased child safety to nearly blinding visibility that requires new thinking and solutions for this long overdue, poorly addressed need in our culture. Mobile robots could be the most proximate and final deterrent to those that would harm our children in public schools and other venues. GeckoSystems has named the mobile robot concept that would provide yet another barrier between our children and those immoral individuals intent on doing them significant harm the GeckoNED. "NED" stands for Non-violent (or non-lethal) Enforcement Device. Fundamentally, the GeckoNED (or "NED") is a new type of mobile sentry robot that would deter, detect, and contain those that would violently harm our children in their schools. The NED would be a new type of school mascot that could be customized by the children, teachers and staff to be a daily part of their school time lives. The NED would be able to automatically patrol all wheelchair accessible areas in any school without human oversight or intervention using GeckoSystems' proven SafePath mobile robot AI navigation software. What does it do? Deters, Detects, and Contains to provide better Protection -- 1. Marquee deterrent video and audio surveillance systems with fully autonomous self-patrolling in loose crowds, etc. 2. Quick detection using AI augmented sensor fusion systems with fully autonomous auto-find/seek 3. Deployable, multiple non-lethal containment systems under direct human control only 4. Ready mobile detection, protection and containment systems that are fully tele-operable remotely The NED would be a marquee deterrent due to its robust audio and video surveillance systems employing WiFi LAN data communications to connect to the school's Internet access. The primary, high-resolution pan/tilt zoom video camera and professional quality microphones would be selected such that their features and benefits are appropriate for the expanses to be "sight and sound" monitored in the school. Further enhancing the marquee deterrence, the NED would be available for direct human tele-operation almost instantly when direct human control was appropriate and timely due to a clear and present danger to the children having been identified with a high level of confidence by the NED's AI enhanced sensor systems. In addition, cell phone and police band communication capability could be included using the voice synthesis ability of GeckoChat. The NED would: Enable prompt intruder detection using multiple, different sensor systems (sight, sound and smell) AI fused to produce a one plus one equals three synergy. This counter-intuitive metaphor describes a common benefit of GeckoSystems' advanced artificial intelligence and sensor fusion competencies. The NED's AI's would sensor fuse: Augmented Vision These would include machine vision, including that visible to the human eye, and that invisible, such as infra-red (IR) due to body heat, heat from fired weapons, etc. and AI software Extended Hearing Frequency response range widened beyond human hearing, into the ultrasonic using multiple microphones (omni directional and directional) and AI software Enhanced Smell Odor detection systems for appropriate gas detection, whether odorless to human sense of smell or not with intelligent inhalation system and AI software Singly, and in concert, the preceding systems would detect unwanted intruders by: Video surveillance enhanced by AI object recognition machine vision In both visible and invisible IR light spectrums Audio surveillance enhanced by AI expert systems Within and outside human hearing range, atypical sounds such as i. Gun shots ii. Breaking glass iii. Doors being broken down iv. Students and/or staff stressed voices; screams Odor and odorless gas surveillance Smoke, carbon monoxide, and natural gas Potentially odors from: i. Handguns, long guns, rifles ii. Guns in lockers iii. Explosives, gun ammunition in lockers The NED would pre-position ready mobile protection that is fully tele-operable remotely when atypical situations arise. It would immediately alert pre-designated parties for human intervention and direct human control of the NED and its various containment systems. 1. The NED's exterior size would be about thirty (30) inches in diameter and seventy-two (72) inches tall a. Cannot be readily disabled by small arms fire thus affording cover for students and staff when the NED places itself between the intruder and all others. b. The NED's shroud could be bulletproof covering using a combination of Kevlar, ceramic armor, and/or aluminum plates sufficient for absorbing small arms fire. 1. Immediate intervention after detection resulting from a top speed, in obstacle free hallways, of up to 20 mph a. SafePath technologies with obstacle avoidance five to six times faster than a person preclude NED hitting anything, even when under teleo-peration (direct human) control. 1. Bull horns, sirens, high power speaker system and/or other sound projection systems capable of hitting the threshold of pain The NED would have readily deployed, multiple non-lethal containment systems solely under the control of a designated, responsible party such as a "watch commander" at the local police station. The non-violent and/or non-lethal containment capabilities would consist of: Targeted, high volume water spray Sleeping gas with directed discharge Irritant sprays, such as pepper spray, tear gas, etc. with directed discharge Acoustical stunners, flash-bangs, "stun bombs" Targeted net guns, "projectile nets" Targeted sticky foam, an extremely tacky material carried in compressed form with a propellant Targeted electrical stunners (Tasers) In addition to providing children and staff in schools a higher level of safety, the school would now have a new kind of school mascot, a NED. The covering could be painted in school colors, and designed like the school mascot, if desired. For an example, Huber U. Hunt Elementary School is a tiger. They could have a tiger design with verbal UX customized for a pleasing dialect for the students. The NED's battery recharging pads would be located at various desirable sentry positions throughout school. Literally the school's NED would be unique in its use and appearance in every school. The GeckoNED would be situationally aware and autonomous to provide a high level of safety for our school children and other "soft targets," such as movie theatres, night clubs, etc. This is completely congruent with GeckoSystems' strategic focus. Since literally tens of thousands of public venues deserving of greater safety with better, more timely surveillance, local schools and parents will ultimately decide if having a GeckoNED watching over their children by being able to see and hear what the NED reveals for only $10-12 per month per protected child would indicate several thousand NED's to be sold within only two to three years. Anticipated MSRP is only $49,950. The safety requirement for human quick WCET reflex time in all forms of mobile robots: In order to understand the importance of GeckoSystems' breakthrough, proprietary, and exclusive AI software and why another Japanese robotics company desires a business relationship with GeckoSystems, it's key to acknowledge some basic realities for all forms of automatic, non-human intervention, vehicular locomotion and steering. 1. Laws of Physics such as Conservation of Energy, inertia, and momentum, limit a vehicle's ability to stop or maneuver. If, for instance, a car's braking system design cannot generate enough friction for a given road surface to stop the car in 100 feet after brake application, that's a real limitation. If a car cannot corner at more than .9g due to a combination of suspension design and road conditions, that, also, is reality. Regardless how talented a NASCAR driver may be, if his race car is inadequate, he's not going to win races. 2. At the same time, if a car driver (or pilot) is tired, drugged, distracted, etc. their reflex time becomes too slow to react in a timely fashion to unexpected direction changes of moving obstacles, or the sudden appearance of fixed obstacles. Many car "accidents" result from drunk driving due to reflex time and/or judgment impairment. Average reflex time takes between 150 & 300ms. http://tinyurl.com/nsrx75n 3. In robotic systems, "human reflex time" is known as Worst Case Execution Time (WCET). Historically, in computer systems engineering, WCET of a computational task is the maximum length of time the task could take to execute on a specific hardware platform. In big data, this is the time to load up the data to be processed, processed, and then outputted into useful distillations, summaries, or common sense insights. GeckoSystems' basic AI self-guidance navigation system processes 147 megabytes of data per second using low cost, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Single Board Computers (SBC's). 4. Highly trained and skilled jet fighter pilots have a reflex time (WCET) of less than 120ms. Their "eye to hand" coordination time is a fundamental criterion for them to be successful jet fighter pilots. The same holds true for all high performance forms of transportation that are sufficiently pushing the limits of the Laws of Physics to require the quickest possible reaction time for safe human control and/or usage. 5. GeckoSystems' WCET is less than 100ms, or as quick, or quicker than most gifted jet fighter pilots, NASCAR race car drivers, etc. while using low cost COTS and SBC's 6. In mobile robotic guidance systems, WCET has 3 fundamental components. a. Sufficient Field of View (FOV) with appropriate granularity, accuracy, and update rate. b. Rapid processing of that contextual data such that common sense responses are generated. c. Timely physical execution of those common sense responses. In order for any companion robot to be utilitarian for family care, it must be a "three legged milk stool." (1) Human quick reflex time to avoid moving and/or unmapped obstacles, (GeckoNav: http://tinyurl.com/le8a39r) (2) Verbal interaction (GeckoChat: http://tinyurl.com/nnupuw7) with a sense of date and time (GeckoScheduler: http://tinyurl.com/kojzgbx), and (3) Ability to automatically find and follow designated parties (GeckoTrak: http://tinyurl.com/mton9uh) such that verbal interaction can occur routinely with video and audio monitoring of the care receiver is uninterrupted. An earlier third party verification of GeckoSystems' AI centric, human quick sense and avoidance of moving and/or unmapped obstacles by one of their mobile robots can be viewed here: http://t.co/NqqM22TbKN An overview of GeckoSystems' progress containing over 700 pictures and 120 videos can be found at http://www.geckosystems.com/timeline/. These videos illustrate the development of the technology that makes GeckoSystems a world leader in Service Robotics development. Early CareBot prototypes were slower and frequently pivoted in order to avoid a static or dynamic obstacle; later prototypes avoided obstacles without pivoting. Current CareBots avoid obstacles with a graceful "bicycle smooth" motion. The latest videos also depict the CareBot's ability to automatically go faster or slower depending on the amount of clutter (number of obstacles) within its field of view. This is especially important when avoiding moving obstacles in "loose crowd" situations like a mall or an exhibit area. In addition to the timeline videos, GeckoSystems has numerous YouTube videos. The most popular of which are the ones showing room-to-room automatic self-navigation of the CareBot through narrow doorways and a hallway of an old 1954 home. You will see the CareBot slow down when going through the doorways because of their narrow width and then speed up as it goes across the relatively open kitchen area. There are also videos of the SafePath wheelchair, which is a migration of the CareBot AI centric navigation system to a standard power wheelchair, and recently developed cost effective depth cameras were used in this recent configuration. SafePath navigation is now available to OEM licensees and these videos show the versatility of GeckoSystems' fully autonomous navigation solution. GeckoSystems, Star Wars Technology http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYwQBUXXc3g The company has successfully completed an Alpha trial of its CareBot personal assistance robot for the elderly. It was tested in a home care setting and received enthusiastic support from both caregivers and care receivers. The company believes that the CareBot will increase the safety and well being of its elderly charges while decreasing stress on the caregiver and the family. GeckoSystems is preparing for Beta testing of the CareBot prior to full-scale production and marketing. CareBot has recently incorporated Microsoft Kinect depth cameras that result in a significant cost reduction. Kinect Enabled Personal Robot video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn93BS44Das Above, the CareBot demonstrates static and dynamic obstacle avoidance as it backs in and out of a narrow and cluttered alley. There is no joystick control or programmed path; movements are smoother that those achieved using a joystick control. GeckoNav creates three low levels of obstacle avoidance: reactive, proactive, and contemplative. Subsumptive AI behavior within GeckoNav enables the CareBot to reach its target destination after engaging in obstacle avoidance. More information on the CareBot personal assistance robot: http://www.geckosystems.com/markets/CareBot.php GeckoSystems stock is quoted in the U.S. over-the-counter (OTC) markets under the ticker symbol GOSY. http://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/GOSY/quote GeckoSystems uses http://www.LinkedIn.com as its primary social media site for investor updates. Here is Spencer's LinkedIn.com profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/r-martin-spencer-mba-580b2a11 Safe Harbor: Statements regarding financial matters in this press release other than historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends that such statements about the Company's future expectations, including future revenues and earnings, technology efficacy and all other forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbors created thereby. The Company is a development stage firm that continues to be dependent upon outside capital to sustain its existence. Since these statements (future operational results and sales) involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change at any time, the Company's actual results may differ materially from expected results. GeckoSystems Telephone: Main number: +1 678-413-9236 Fax: +1 678-413-9247 Website: http://www.geckosystems.com/ © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Hurricane Matthew Strengthens As Florida Governor Warns: "Evacuate Now. This Is Going To Kill People" Hurricane Matthew Strengthens As Florida Governor Warns: "Evacuate Now. This Is Going To Kill People" Thursday, 6 October 2016 Hurricane Matthew regained strength overnight and now has maximum sustained winds of 125 mph.  While the storm is currently a category 3 hurricane, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) warns that *"Matthew is forecast to be a category 4 hurricane as it approaches the east coast of Florida."*  The NHC has warned residents from *Florida to North Carolina to expect up to 12 inches of rain and "life-threatening surf and rip current conditions."* A state of emergency has been declared in Florida, Georgia and North and South Carolina as 100,000s of evacuating residents have jammed and gas stations and food stores as both are running out of supplies.  Meanwhile mandatory evacuations have been ordered in South Carolina where Governor Nikki Haley warned residents to* “get 100 miles away from the coast.”* *Florida Governor Rick Scott has issued evacuation orders for 1.5mm Florida residents*.  Earlier this morning Scott warned residents to "evacuate, evacuate, evacuate" saying that *"this is going to kill people."* Florida Gov. Rick Scott on Hurricane #Matthew: "Evacuate, evacuate, evacuate... This is going to kill people." https://t.co/6DRInngAOu pic.twitter.com/tyDUPvPkw7 — CNN (@CNN) October 6, 2016 Matthew has already *killed at least 39 people* and displaced thousands, mostly in southern Haiti, and is expected to cause up to $15BN in property damage in the U.S. with Florida residents bearing the brunt of the pain.  Per Bloomberg: The National Weather Service warned that winds, heavy rain and a storm surge could kill, wash out roads, cut communication links and cause outages lasting weeks. *Evacuations could push storm damage to $10 billion to $15 billion* mainly in losses related to economic disruption, said Chuck Watson, a disaster modeler with Enki Research in Savannah, Georgia. Jonathan Adams and Jeffrey Flynn, analysts at Bloomberg Intelligence, projected losses to be closer to $5 billion, with Florida bearing the brunt. Initial video footage from Haita reveals the complete devastation of coastal towns. WATCH: A bird's eye view of the damage from #HurricaneMatthew in Haiti pic.twitter.com/sSTVF6LWo5 — TODAY (@TODAYshow) October 6, 2016 Per the Miami Herald, very slight changes versus forecast could bring the eye of Hurricane Matthew on shore in Florida. “It’s geometry,” said former hurricane center director and WPLG hurricane specialist Max Mayfield. “If you draw the Florida peninsula and you have a track parallel to the peninsula like this one, just a five- to 10-degree change in motion is going to bring the core onto the coast.” In Florida Gov. Rick Scott, who ordered state offices in 26 counties closed and suspended tolls, flew around the state and met with emergency managers to repeat warnings that the powerful storm could unleash heavy damage. Reconstruction costs following a Cat 3 storm for the counties in Matthew’s path run as high as $8.4 billion, according to CoreLogic. *Here is the latest update from the National Hurricane Center:* Matthew is currently about 200 miles southeast of West Palm Beach, Florida and is moving northwest at about 12 mph. The NHC has issued a hurricane warning for east coast residents from Florida up to South Carolina with the storm expected to make landfall as a category 4 storm late tonight. Various areas of the U.S. east coast are expected to get 10-20 inches of rain. Meanwhile, the threat of major winds striking the Florida is now a near certainty. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: ABC Action News - on October 7, 2016< > Embed Governor Scott provides update on Friday morning about Hurricane Matthew impact on Florida 12:26 Governor Scott updated Florida residents on Hurricane Matthew's impact on Florida on Friday morning. You Might Like Recent related news Regional Food Focused Non Profit Running Low on Food and Funds After Hurricane MatthewHand-of-Hope is a non-profit organization raising funds to provide food to the people of Haiti after the devastation of Hurricane Matthew. Johnson City, TN... PRWeb 1 week ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •Reuters Haiti launches massive cholera vaccination drive but worries remain | ReutersBy Makini Brice | LES CAYES, Haiti LES CAYES, Haiti Haiti has launched a massive cholera vaccination campaign to battle a flare-up after Hurricane Matthew, but... Firstpost 4 days ago - India Duke Energy estimates $200M in repair costs from Hurricane MatthewDuke Energy expects to spend $200 million to repair the damage done to its operations by Hurricane Matthew across the Carolinas and Florida. Duke CEO Lynn Good... bizjournals 1 week ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Reuters Other recent news in Markets Tsunami Warning Issued After Powerful 7.8-Magnitude Quake Strikes NEW ZEALAND Turkey Warns Citizens About Travel To US Over "Social Tensions", Anti-Trump Protests MEGYN KELLY's new book; 'Fantastic Beasts'; Tesla-SolarCity meeting The Biggest Flops in SILICON VALLEY History Is BLACK FRIDAY a Scam? Why DONALD TRUMP's NAFTA Plan Will Cost Ford and General Motors Billions ALIBABA GROUP Holding Ltd: This is Why BABA Stock Is Still Bullish Twitter Kasie Vostal RT @BBCBreaking: Hurricane Matthew strengthens to Category Four storm as it approaches Florida https://t.co/ZQQevz0ODv 6 days ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Chevy Chase Gary Sinise Leon Russell Dave Chappelle Current Topics New Zealand Earthquake Tsunami Christchurch Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral MOVIE REVIEW: Trolls It's Official: The Simpsons Has More Episodes Than Any Other Scripted Show In History Donald Trumps Clinton: The 45th US President Emerges Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
null
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries Apes show ability to recognize someone else's beliefs, study suggests Researchers watched apes' reactions to a video in which a King Kong character tricks a person Thomson Reuters Posted: Oct 06, 2016 5:09 PM ET Last Updated: Oct 07, 2016 4:55 PM ET Orangutans, as well as chimpanzees and bonobos, appeared to show a human-like understanding of the point of view of a character in a video, according to a study published Thursday in the journal Science. (Jon Nazca/Reuters) Related Stories Having helpless babies may have helped humans evolve intelligence External Links Science: Great apes anticipate that other individuals will act according to false beliefs (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) Scientists using homemade videos featuring a person in a King Kong costume have documented a remarkable cognitive skill shared by chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans: the human-like ability to recognize when someone else's beliefs are wrong. The research published Thursday in the journal Science demonstrated that these great apes — humankind's closest living evolutionary cousins — appear to possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, according to the scientists. As individual apes were shown videos featuring a human actor and a costumed ape-like King Kong character, researchers tracked their eye movements. In the video, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. When the person leaves, King Kong moves the object to a new location. When the person returns to find the object, the apes looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. Even though the apes knew the object had been moved, they understood that the human thought it was still there, said study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan. 'Incredibly intelligent' The ability to think about others' thoughts and emotions is at the heart of a lot of human social behaviour, including our unique forms of communication, co-operation and culture, said study co-leader Christopher Krupenye, who worked on the study at Duke University and is now at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany.   At the core of this ability is understanding that others' actions are guided not necessarily by reality but by their beliefs about reality, even when false, Krupenye said. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age four or five. "Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn't so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general," Krupenye said. By studying these apes, researchers seek to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with other apes and thus likely were present in the common ancestor that lived some 13 to 18 million years ago, before the split of the evolutionary lineage of humans and those other species, he added. Previous research showed that apes can reason about others' goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen, Krupenye said. © Thomson Reuters, 2016 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines Trump tones down polarizing campaign promises, rhetoric in 60 Minutes interview What you need to know about the supermoon 'Just utter devastation': New Zealand PM on 7.8 magnitude earthquake video Fall from grace: Michael Applebaum's ill-fated climb to power video Canadians cutting the cord in record numbers despite $25 basic TV deals read comments Latest Technology & Science News Headlines What you need to know about the supermoon Microsoft Surface Book review: Who needs a $4,000 laptop? read comments Facebook sorry for 'terrible error' that killed off still-living users read comments November supermoon will be the closest to Earth since 1948 read comments Housing and job ads on Facebook will no longer exclude users based on race Quirks & Quarks Quirks & Quarks for October 15, 2016 Cosmic rays causing ‘space brain,’ berries turning birds' feathers red, and the book 'Venomous' Quirks & Quarks for October 8, 2016 A Nobel prize winner in chemistry, theory of mind in apes, and diatoms save the ocean Most Viewed What you need to know about the supermoon November supermoon will be the closest to Earth since 1948 Microsoft Surface Book review: Who needs a $4,000 laptop? Scientists propose new theory about how Earth got its moon When you can see Sunday night's supermoon eclipse across Canada Engineers stumble on WWI German submarine sunk by 'sea monster' Only Facebook knows how it spreads fake election news Donald Trump needs a science education: Bob McDonald Bats nearly wiped out by white-nose syndrome in Eastern Canada Supermoon and hunter's moon combine for 'spectacular' view this weekend Don't Miss Snapchat, Skype, BBM not protecting users' privacy, says Amnesty International 'Invulnerability illusion' leaves younger people exposed to web frauds WW1 U-BOAT Engineers stumble on WWI German submarine sunk by 'sea monster' TOMATOES Study explains why tomatoes lose their flavour in the fridge Rigorous rules proposed for recreational drone flyers, documents show Rockstar Games announces Red Dead Redemption 2 for fall 2017 release Rural reboot: Salinas, Calif., turning crop pickers into computer programmers Climate change Global carbon dioxide levels reach highest point ever, likely for good Biology Sugary treats make bumblebees 'happy,' say researchers Moncton Wildcats put 'human hockey puck hovercraft' on ice Analysis Are robots coming for our jobs? Blog Star Trek at 50, fiction meets fact: Bob McDonald SPACECRAFT 'Cuteness culture' in space: Why we turn inanimate spacecraft into lovable explorers Legally blind man shares passion for stars with family-made observatory Superhenge 'Super-henge' found buried near Stonehenge Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Home Lifestyle Science Apes show complex cognitive skills watching ‘King Kong’ videos Apes show complex cognitive skills watching ‘King Kong’ videos The research demonstrated that these great apes, humankind's closest living evolutionary cousins, possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, the scientists said on Thursday. By: Reuters | Washington | Published: October 7, 2016 4:32 AM The research demonstrated that these great apes, humankind’s closest living evolutionary cousins, possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, the scientists said on Thursday. (Reuters) Scientists using homemade videos featuring a person in a King Kong costume have documented a remarkable cognitive skill shared by chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans: the human-like ability to recognize when someone else’s beliefs are wrong. The research demonstrated that these great apes, humankind’s closest living evolutionary cousins, possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, the scientists said on Thursday. As individual apes were shown videos featuring a human actor and a costumed ape-like King Kong character, researchers tracked their eye movements. In the video, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. When the person leaves, King Kong moves the object to a new location. When the person returns to find the object, the apes looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. Even though the apes knew the object had been moved, they understood that the human thought it was still there, said study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan. The ability to think about others’ thoughts and emotions is at the heart of so much of human social behavior, including our unique forms of communication, cooperation and culture, said study co-leader Christopher Krupenye. At the core of this ability is understanding that others’ actions are guided not necessarily by reality but by their beliefs about reality, even when false, added Krupenye, a comparative psychologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany who worked on the study, published in the journal Science, at Duke University. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age 4 or 5. “Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn’t so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general,” Krupenye said. By studying these apes, researchers seek to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with other apes and thus likely were present in the common ancestor that lived some 13 to 18 million years ago before the split of the evolutionary lineage of humans and those other species, Krupenye added. Previous research showed that apes can reason about others’ goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen, Krupenye said. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Guru Nanak Jayanti 2016: Top 10 memorable and inspiring quotes by the first Sikh Guru Demonetisation row: Advance preparations would have reduced difficulties of people at ATMs, here's how Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Birthday' 2016: Happy Guru Nanak Jayanti Facebook, whatsapp status, quotes, Wishes, Messages ‘Enjoy Every Moment’ on this Children's Day with Google doodle Happy Children's Day 2016: 10 quotes to inspire children, today and always Demonetisation row: Subramanian Swamy blames Arun Jaitley for inconvenience of people Demonetisation: This 'dhaba' in Akola provides free food to customers having old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 currency notes Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Birthday' 2016: 3 Things You Didn’t Know About Guru Nanak and Gurupurab Karnataka Minister sues journalists who filmed him watching objectionable content during a government function Earthquake in New Zealand again! 6.2 magnitude quake strikes near Christchurch: USGS Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Birthday' 2016: Importance of the sacred day of Gurpurab  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apes show complex cognitive skills watching 'King Kong' videos By Reuters Published: 15:23 EST, 6 October 2016 | Updated: 15:23 EST, 6 October 2016 e-mail By Will Dunham WASHINGTON, Oct 6 (Reuters) - Scientists using homemade videos featuring a person in a King Kong costume have documented a remarkable cognitive skill shared by chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans: the human-like ability to recognize when someone else's beliefs are wrong. The research demonstrated that these great apes, humankind's closest living evolutionary cousins, possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, the scientists said on Thursday. As individual apes were shown videos featuring a human actor and a costumed ape-like King Kong character, researchers tracked their eye movements. In the video, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. When the person leaves, King Kong moves the object to a new location. When the person returns to find the object, the apes looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. Even though the apes knew the object had been moved, they understood that the human thought it was still there, said study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan. The ability to think about others' thoughts and emotions is at the heart of so much of human social behavior, including our unique forms of communication, cooperation and culture, said study co-leader Christopher Krupenye. At the core of this ability is understanding that others' actions are guided not necessarily by reality but by their beliefs about reality, even when false, added Krupenye, a comparative psychologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany who worked on the study, published in the journal Science, at Duke University. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age 4 or 5. "Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn't so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general," Krupenye said. By studying these apes, researchers seek to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with other apes and thus likely were present in the common ancestor that lived some 13 to 18 million years ago before the split of the evolutionary lineage of humans and those other species, Krupenye added. Previous research showed that apes can reason about others' goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen, Krupenye said. (Reporting by Will Dunham; Editing by Sandra Maler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Recent Posts Court bars royal candidate, reinstates ex-MP Hashem New Saudi rules, fees for helpers, vehicles, cattle Crackdown on abuse of state lands off Seventh Ring Road Ministry ignores recommendation to cancel medical company’s license CBK re-issues first Kuwaiti coin ‘baiza’ Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Elections 2016 Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Real Fouz Aisha Al Zabin Nathalie Basma Yalda Golsharifi Hassan Al Mosawi Hello 965 Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies Old school Muna Al Fuzai There is a common perception among the youth that behind every failure, there is an older person whose ways of thinking and decision-making are outdated. The question is whether elders are really an obstacle in the path of the new generation. If yes, what could be the best role for senior leaders? I had an amazing discussion recently with a group of young Kuwaitis who are about to graduate and start their careers. What led us to this debate was their obvious concern about the future and whether it would be easy for them to get promoted and climb the ladder of success at a time when those who have been in service for many years won’t leave their positions and retire. These people are labeled as ‘old school’. There is also a difference between working for the private sector and the public sector. I agree that in the public sector, you may come across those who have been in service for more than 30 years and refuse to leave, unless they suffer a sudden stroke or death forces them to quit. But in the private sector, it is a different situation. The question remains is why do young people don’t find opportunities easily, even in the private sector. There are tools for success, which most youth are not willing to accept. The first one is initiative. Bring ideas into action. I know that young people are energetic and very eager to push forward to use their college knowledge to generate profits and make money, but lasting value is created when the experience of elders who belong to the old school combines with their knowledge and judgment to create prosperity. The elders who are labeled as old school can be divided into two categories – those who haven’t adapted to the technological and ideological revolution, and if they haven’t failed already, they will within the next 20 years or so. The other category is of those who have adapted to the new world order, and this makes them much more intelligent than most people, because throughout their lifelong experience, they adapted to completely different systems and ways of work, and they are well-known throughout the world now. Is it a good idea to pass the torch to the young from those who are older? There is a requirement of basic knowledge and experience, and the young have no right to take the torch if they cannot surpass those who came before us, so that those who come after us will do a much better job rather than creating a cycle of self-improvement with every generation. The ‘new school’ should not seek a better version, but a new one. Another point here is the need to put ideas for sale, whether of products or services. Think of all those who are being labeled as ‘old school’ – they made a fortune because they managed to sell their ideas even if they seem outdated now. Social media has the power and impact to shape and reshape the ideas of young people. The danger of these ideas is seeking to be rich and famous, even if this means you are making a fool of yourself. To many young people, creativity knows no boundaries, no rules, no laws or even traditions, which do not have the ability to stop the new generation regardless of the mistakes they sometimes commit. I love the energy and enthusiasm of young people and appreciate the way they visualize their future. This is normal and logical. But if they listen to the old school, they might obtain things they could use – like wisdom and experience. By Muna Al-Fuzai muna@kuwaittimes.net Share This article was published on 06/10/2016 Most Read Four Americans killed in US base attack in Afghanistan Prostitutes caught Anger as millions in India run out of cash Woman set on fire in Japan restaurant Man murders wife with hammer, screwdrivers New Saudi rules, fees for helpers, vehicles, cattle 13th Nov CBK re-issues first Kuwaiti coin ‘baiza’ 12th Nov Govt austerity measures top election campaigns Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2016 RSS © 2016, ↑ Kuwait Times
Skip to content INFORMATION NIGERIA Nigeria's No.1 Information Portal Menu Home Trending Metro Entertainment Music Lifestyle Sports World Odd News Education Jobs 9 Reasons He’s Just Not That Into You Break-ups. We’ve all spent hours wondering where we went wrong, over and over again. Why did he break up with you? Ultimately, you may never know the exact answer but you’ll need to move on regardless. To help give closure, here are 10 things guys never tolerate in a relationship: 1. Acting phony Don’t think that a man can’t see when you aren’t being sincere. He wants you to be yourself. The person you are supposed to be with will love that you don’t pretend to be someone you’re not. 2. Being clingy No man likes a woman who is obsessively attached to him. Especially early on in a relationship, calling constantly, hanging onto his every word and showing up unannounced is going to scare him off. You want to let him know you care, but playing it cool can play in your favor if he spooks easily. 3. Following the crowd He’ll notice if you just follow the crowd. A man is looking for a woman who is original, unique and independent; not someone who can’t think for themselves. Develop your sparkling personality instead of following the crowd to catch a winner. 4. Being too serious I have yet to meet a man who takes life so seriously that he can’t laugh at himself once in a while. He wants the same from you. Many things in life are meant to be laughed about. Show him your silly side and take a joke. Your smile and laugh are contagious, but not if you never show it. 5. Being demanding Of course you want to express your opinion on a date, but no one likes being bossed around. Don’t confuse confidence with pride and remember to let your date talk about what they like to do, too. 6. Being envious Do not get jealous of another woman. He will notice your lack of self-confidence. Envy is feature that can make the most beautiful woman very unattractive. 7. Playing dumb Hiding your intelligence is not an admirable feature. It just makes you look ignorant in front of your date. You don’t have to be a genius to find your prince, but pretending to not know anything doesn’t do you any favors. Speaking up about your interests and pursuing education is a very attractive quality. 8. Being inconsiderate Would you want to be with a man who is inconsiderate? Of course not! A humble person treats others with kindness and understanding, which are qualities you want to find in your partner. Be considerate of others. You may have it all but if you have an ugly heart, he will move on. 9. Negativity Being vulnerable and being emotionally overbearing are two separate categories. It is okay to open up and be honest about what is happening in your life; that is what makes you genuine! However, constant crying, complaining and moodiness are not going to convince anyone to stick around. Being a positive person is much more attractive. Recommended for you Hacker posts N*de photos of Sky Sports Italy presenter, Diletta Leotta Players On The BBC African Footballer Of The Year Shortlist “We’ll Deport 3 Million People” -Donald Trump Why I Left My Lecturer Husband, Got Pregnant For A Bricklayer – Housewife Confessions: I Had Unprotected Sex With A Married Woman After mourning the loss of your relationship, take time to evaluate why he broke things off. Take the chance to learn from this relationship, improve yourself and realize what qualities in a person will make you happiest. AD ==> Former One Minute Man Who Now Lasts For 40mins+ In Bed Reveals The Secret Of His New Strength Place your ad here Loading... Get Our Top Stories Everyday, Enter Your Email Address: Author tosinPosted on October 6, 2016Categories Lifestyle Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Yes, add me to your mailing list. Post navigation Previous Previous post: 10 Easy Ways To Get Rid of Face Wrinkles Next Next post: At age 50, Janet Jackson is pregnant with twins Home Trending Metro Entertainment Music Lifestyle Sports World Odd News Education Jobs
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Monday / November 14, 2016 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Ask the Experts Quizzes Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds PLACE AN AD THRIFT SALE MAP Jobs Coupons Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL home / news / front page Thank you for visiting the Leader-Telegram. You’re entitled to view 7 free articles every 30 days and you currently have 7 remaining. Then, if you enjoy our site and want full access, we’ll ask you to purchase an affordable subscription. Chippewa County's Cameron leaving bench in December Longtime judge retiring with legacy of fairness, collegiality posted Oct. 6, 2016 12:18 a.m. | updated Oct. 6, 2016 12:18 a.m. (CDT) email article print font size - + by / Chris Vetter. bio | email Staff file photo | Enlarge - Chippewa County Judge Roderick Cameron during the bond hearing of Shane Hawkins, accused of first-degree intentional homicide, on Monday, March 1, 2010. Enlarge Cameron CHIPPEWA FALLS — After 33 years as a Chippewa County judge, Roderick Cameron has decided to retire. Cameron, 66, informed the governor’s office in a letter he wrote Friday that his last day of work will be Dec. 9. He declined to be interviewed at this time but said it was good timing to pass off his caseload to a new judge. Judge Steve Cray, who joined the bench in 2008, said Cameron will be missed. “We are losing a very good judge,” Cray said. “Rory has been solid — he’s a guy I could go to with questions. He’s been doing it so long, he’s seen everything. He’s been a very steady colleague, and I’ll miss him very much.” Tom Evenson, spokesman for Gov. Scott Walker, confirmed his office received the retirement notice. Evenson said there typically is a two-week application window. A Judicial Selection Advisory Committee will review all the applicants and make recommendations to Walker. The length of time to fill the seat is largely dependent on the number of applicants. The person who is appointed would have to run for re-election in spring 2018, he said. Colleagues praised Cameron for his work throughout nearly three decades on the bench. “Rory did defense work when I was a prosecutor,” Cray said. “I always respected him.” When Cameron became a judge, Cray would routinely argue cases before him. “I knew he’d think it through and be fair,” Cray said. Judge James Isaacson also offered Cameron praise for his lengthy career. “Judge Cameron has been an institution here, almost as long as I’ve been a lawyer,” Judge James Isaacson said. “I’ve known him as a colleague and as a presiding judge.” Retired Judge Thomas Sazama — who was on the bench from 1995 to 2008 — began working alongside Cameron in the early 1970s. When Sazama was Chippewa County district attorney in the early 1980s, Cameron ran against him and lost. “Obviously, he’s very intelligent, well-spoken, writes well, and has a lot of common sense,” Sazama said. When Sazama joined the bench, there were only two judges in Chippewa County. Sazama recalls having lengthy discussions with Cameron when he started. “He was very helpful and friendly,” Sazama said. Cameron earned a bachelor’s degree from Trinity College in 1972 and a law degree from UW-Madison in 1974. He served as Stanley city attorney from 1977 to 1983 and was Chippewa County assistant district attorney in 1975-76. Cameron was appointed to the court April 1, 1983, by then-Gov. Anthony Earl, replacing Robert Pfiffner. He was re-elected in 1984, 1990, 1996, 2002, 2008 and 2014. He isn’t the only judge in the family — his younger brother, Howard Cameron, was a judge in St. Croix County before retiring last year. Cameron is known as an active runner — he competed in the 2006 Boston Marathon — and an avid bird-watcher. Contact: 715-723-0303, chris.vetter@ecpc.com Email this: Chippewa County's Cameron leaving bench in December | Eau Claire Leader-Telegram Your Name: Your e-mail: Recipient(s) Name: Recipient(s) e-mail: *Separate multiple addresses with a comma Comments: (optional) Send Clear Recommended Off Beat: North grads get engaged at Lambeau Field New CF outdoor ice rink nears completion Drunken driving homicide case moves forward Temporary downtown ice skating rink may be built in Eau Claire Nine Dunn County veterans given Quilts of Valor Boys basketball: Late start not an issue for new Chippewa Falls coach Bessen Free dental care for veterans at CVTC Charges: Couple made porn videos in Eau Claire C-H-A-N-G-E: That simple word is likely the reason we will have a President Trump Reasons for serving: Friends, family, nation Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read Off Beat: North grads get engaged at Lambeau Field New CF outdoor ice rink nears completion Drunken driving homicide case moves forward Driver named in deadly industrial accident Man killed in accident identified More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2016 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Google Allo, WhatsApp, Messenger, Telegram; which is the best messaging app for you? By Rehan Hooda 13   Comments 5 reasons why LeEco’s TV will beat Samsung in India? 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is inhabitable 4   Comments Amazon India could kill Netflix with this new Prime Video subscription plan By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 2   Comments more from #Samsung An Apple iPhone 7 Plus reportedly exploded in China after a 50 centimetre fall Toshiba's strong memory chip sales earns the company second quarter profits Here's what Samsung's next folding flagship, Project Valley could look like Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Samsung has agreed to acquire Viv, a next generation AI assistant #Samsung 0 By tech2 News Staff /  06 Oct 2016 , 09:08 Samsung announced today that it has agreed to acquire Viv, an artificial intelligence conversational platform. Viv is a voice assistant made by the same team that created Siri. Siri was available as an App on the iPhone before Apple acquired it and baked the AI into the operating system. The current Viv team left Apple over disagreements on what direction Siri should be developed in, and Viv is what the makers originally intended Siri to be. The Global Innovation Centre of Samsung was responsible for the acquisition on behalf of Samsung Mobile Communications. Jacopo Lenzi, SVP of Business Development and Strategic Acquisitions said “We see great potential in the Viv AI software and platform, and we’re excited for Viv to reach our millions of users through Samsung’s global presence and distribution.” Injong Rhee, CTO of Mobile Communications at Samsung said “Unlike other existing AI-based services, Viv has a sophisticated natural language understanding, machine learning capabilities and strategic partnerships that will enrich a broader service ecosystem.” Here is Injong Rhee, speaking about the Viv acquisition. Viv differs from current intelligent assistants because it uses a virtual network of associated areas and capabilities. It uses a technological breakthrough called dynamic program generation to create programs in under 10 milliseconds, and execute the code on the fly. Viv is meant to be a platform for conversational commerce, which uses a natural language voice interface to book hotel rooms, order supplies from a store, or pay back a loan to a friend. Viv can interpret long and complex sentences, as well as keep track of the context of a conversation. Viv co-founder and CEO, Dag Kittlaus said “At Viv, we’re building the simplest way for anyone to talk to devices and services everywhere. We see a future that is decidedly beyond apps—where you can get what you need quickly and easily no matter where you are, or what device you are near. Samsung offers us a unique opportunity to deliver a single conversational interface to the world’s apps and services across a diverse range of products, at global scale.” Viv has a dual focus on both consumers and developers, which is one of the reasons Samsung has agreed to acquire Viv. With the acquisition, Samsung will be able to offer users a conversational, contextual and personalised experience. Facebook and Google had previously shown interest in acquiring the AI startup. Tags: AI, Apple, Bot, Samsung, SIRI, Viv Also read Technology now to turn all your gadgets into your assistants Skype update for iOS adds Siri integration, supports iOS 10 features X Recommended For You An Apple iPhone 7 Plus reportedly exploded in China after a 50 centimetre fall Toshiba’s strong memory chip sales earns the company second quarter profits Here’s what Samsung’s next folding flagship, Project Valley could look like Samsung Galaxy S8 to come with a 6.2-inch bezel-less variant, say reports Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #e-service tax Nov 14, 2016 India’s new e-service tax a headache for content providers, a moneyspinner for Modi govt #ATM Finder Nov 14, 2016 Demonetisation: How CMS ATM Finder can help you get hold of cash #Autism Nov 14, 2016 Smartphone App tracks eyes to detect signs of autism in children #Emojis Nov 14, 2016 New emojis such as a hijab-wearing woman, yoga practitioners and more coming on smartphones next year #Artificial intelligence Nov 14, 2016 Artificial intelligence system surfs the internet to learn and improve performance SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
× Sign In Sign in with Facebook or email Username: * Password: * Log in If you don't have a YourTango account yet please create one now. If you already have an account but forgot your password request a new one. advertisement toggle navigation login register Spotlight: Parenting Love Your Body Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts 33 shares Sign in find an expert Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle Follow Us sign up for newsletter Follow Us Sign in search articles find an expert videos Categories Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle sign up for newsletter How To Be TRULY Honest (Even When It's Hard As Hell) 33 shares + Photo: Weheartit Jan BowenExpert Self October 7, 2016 like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! Just because it's the best policy doesn't mean it's easy. Have you ever had those times when you knew what you wanted or needed to say, but somehow just didn’t get the words out of your mouth? As adults we need to be accountable. Being accountable requires having integrity — that means we need to be honest in our thoughts, words, and actions. When one of those links is lost — for example, our words — we can no longer hold up our role of integrity for ourselves, the people we love, or our community. Which is why we feel so bad when we don't speak out against a social injustice or be honest when asked, "how are you doing?". We’re letting ourselves and everyone else down in a very subtle but very real way. So why aren’t we saying the hard truth? We often hold back from speaking the truth because there’s a risk involved — usually some kind of loss. When we hold back what we feel or think, it always comes back to a fear of some kind — often within ourselves. What are you really afraid of?  Give this question careful thought. Maybe your fear is concerned with hurting someone else, or at the very least their feelings. After you deliver what you have to say, they may not like you any more. They may reject you and all you stand for, including the good times you’ve shared. Perhaps you suspect your manager is endangering their life with a drug habit and speaking out puts you at risk of losing your job. Or you might be concerned about losing a friendship if you exert your independence and say you really don’t like going out every Friday night with the group. Announcing to your carpool group that you can’t stand riding with them because you get migraines may put you at risk of losing social status when you no longer know the latest gossip. Another fear that comes with being honest is of being wrong. What if you’re embarrassed because you speak your mind only to learn some new information that contradicts your opinion? Even though many of the examples above involve another person, at the very root of each is a personal fear: If you speak the truth and reveal who you truly are and what you believe and stand for… what then? The bigger question is — what happens if you don’t speak up? If you choose not to be honest? When you don’t speak up you are letting yourself down. You are denying that you — who you are and what you stand for — matter. By not speaking, you are tacitly allowing others to say they are more important than you. Furthermore, lying causes stress and harms your brain and body! We have to start by being honest with the first link of integrity (our thoughts) to be able to carry it through to our words and actions. Get to the bottom of your fear and you’ll find it much easier to speak up. At times, however, it will undoubtedly still be difficult to find the right words and the right way to say them. So here is a guide to help make it easier: 1. Be honest AND be kind! 2. Stay positive. 3. This isn’t a war you’re waging. You are living a life of integrity so do it with style, not rancor. 4. Be non-judgmental. You have a legitimate stance and are honoring it — just as you are honoring the other person by allowing them to have their point of view. We all have our way to get through this world. Live yours fully and allow others room to live theirs. Remember that your opinion is just that: your own. Own it totally, and accept that it is only your opinion. Everyone else has their own right. 5. Own your words and only yours. Don’t parrot or take on anyone else’s. We can only be accountable for ourselves, so say what you have to say and let it go. 6. Only speak up if you are providing value — to yourself in some way or to the listener. What is “value”? Would you, or the other party, be able to benefit without you speaking up? 7. Make it easy and remember this acronym that was created as a guideline for posting on social media: THINK T -is what I’m saying true?) H -(are my words helpful? I -am I being inspirational — or illegal — in any way? N -is this necessary to say? K -am I being kind? If you haven’t been totally honest, it may be difficult to initially find the words to speak up, but once you do, honesty and living your life with integrity will become the only way you will accept to live. If you don’t speak up for yourself, who will?   Jan L. Bowen is a passionately honest thought leader who helps clients align their lives with integrity to find more joy and greater connection. Get Jan’s latest book: "Why Do You Get Up In the Morning? How to Demystify Your Life Purpose" — download now.   like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! More content from YourTango: 7 Critical Things Couples With Good Communication Do WAY Differently 10 Ways To Be Honest — 100% Truly Honest — In Your Marriage Your 3-Step Guide To Figuring Out Who You Can REALLY Trust   17 Happiness Truths From Love & Relationship Experts Click to view (17 images) yourtangoEditor Self Read Later   Author Jan BowenExpert 33 shares + MOST POPULAR Photo: Tom Burns What I Will Tell My Daughter If Donald Trump Wins The Election Tom BurnsEditor Buzz Read Later Photo: weheartit 12 Top-Secret Tips From The Happiest Couples In THE WORLD Kristin DavinExpert Love Read Later Photo: Courtesy of Author A Letter To Hillary Clinton — From A 10-Year-Old Girl Named Kaia Kaia JamesContributor Self Read Later Click to view (12 images) Photo: weheartit The Pros And Cons Of Marrying Him, Based On His Zodiac Sign BRIDESPartner Love Read Later Photo: Pexels I Was A Virgin Until I Got Married — And I Regret It xoJanePartner Sex Read Later Photo: WeHeartIt Sometimes Deleting People Is The Only Way To Stay SANE On Facebook Emily BlackwoodEditor Buzz Read Later Photo: weheartit People Who Cry During Movies Are The STRONGEST People Of All Ossiana TepfenhartBlogger Self Read Later Photo: WeHeartIt What It Feels Like To Have Anxiety And Depression At The Same Time Rebecca Jane StokesEditor Self Read Later Click to view (12 images) Photo: weheartit The Kind Of Woman He Falls For HARD, According To His Zodiac Sign Christine SchoenwaldAuthor Buzz Read Later Click to view (15 images) Photo: Instagram 15 Instagram Love Poems We Wish Our Man Would Write For Us Madelyn RennieEditor Buzz Read Later TRENDING Photo: WeHeartIt The Type Of Man You DESERVE (Based On Your Zodiac Sign) Photo: weheartit Brad And Angelina May Have Consulted A Transgender Expert For Shiloh Photo: WeHeartIt 11 Signs He's Not In Love — You're Just Convenient Photo: weheartit The Kind Of Man You're Going To Marry, According To Your Zodiac Sign Photo: Weheartit If He Doesn't Have These 20 Qualities, He's NOT Your Soulmate Photo: weheartit If Your Guy Does These 7 Things, He's Playing You For A FOOL Explore YourTango Love Heartbreak Sex Family Self Buzz MOST POPULAR What I Will Tell My Daughter If Donald Trump Wins The Election 12 Top-Secret Tips From The Happiest Couples In THE WORLD A Letter To Hillary Clinton — From A 10-Year-Old Girl Named Kaia The Pros And Cons Of Marrying Him, Based On His Zodiac Sign Click to view (12 images) I Was A Virgin Until I Got Married — And I Regret It Sometimes Deleting People Is The Only Way To Stay SANE On Facebook People Who Cry During Movies Are The STRONGEST People Of All What It Feels Like To Have Anxiety And Depression At The Same Time The Kind Of Woman He Falls For HARD, According To His Zodiac Sign Click to view (12 images) 15 Instagram Love Poems We Wish Our Man Would Write For Us Click to view (15 images) Trending Expert Advice Crying In Front Of Perfect Strangers Isn’t Weak, It’s Strong As Hell 6 Reasons You Keep Going Back — Even When He Hurts You Over And Over 5 Things That Will 100% KILL Your Relationship (Unless You Stop NOW) Your Sensuality Has A SMELL — And It Might Be Turning Him Off 5 Frustrating Things Women Do That Turn Men Off Immediately Must-See Videos Women Cheat Just Like Men, But What's HER Reasoning Behind It? video The Fascinating Reasons Why We Cheat (And How We Can Stop Them) 5 Reasons Why It Can Be SO Painfully Hard To Get Over A Breakup SEE MORE VIDEOS POPULAR BLOGS Celebrity Love Love Buzz Tomfoolery Open Up Inside YourTango Love Mom Traditional Love Experts Blog JOIN Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs Links Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle ABOUT About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising HTML Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback EXPERTS Become A Member Find An Expert Ask An Expert Disclaimer Desktop © 2016 by Tango Media Corporation All Rights Reserved. × Want a good laugh, cry or hug? We deliver all 3 every day! Sign up for the YourTango newsletter Female Male Go!    
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Lessons From David's JCOC Trip: What We Can Learn From Special Forces Training You might be surprised by what they emphasize in the process of crafting our best warriors. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Oct 7, 2016 at 2:39PM The Joint Civilian Orientation Conference is a Department of Defense program designed to give a few dozen non-military members a deeper understanding of the U.S. Armed Forces. In this week's Rule Breaker Investing podcast, David Gardner is ready to reflect on the lessons of his trip. Among the things that fascinated him are the methods by which the best of the best are chosen and trained -- methods that have barely changed in decades.    A transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on Aug. 31, 2016. David Gardner:  And I'm going to close it out with just a few insights that I saw from hearing and learning how Special Forces are trained in the United States of America. The first thing I want to say about it is it's a very selective process. I think everybody knows that. A tiny percentage of people who actually apply to be a U.S. Army Ranger ever get to be. There is, as you'd expect, the physical requirements and demand. At a minimum, you have to be able to do things like 59 sit-ups, 49 push-ups. Then you have to run a few miles in a short time and then finish it all out with some pull-ups. So yes, there are those physical requirements. But what was really evident to me is how those almost take a back seat, even in the U.S. Special Forces, to intellect and character -- almost moral characteristics, which they're constantly looking for. In fact, they said their selection process has only slightly changed since 1989. Think about how many other things in the world have changed, including all the technology and equipment that the military uses since 1989, and yet the actual process for selection is still mostly the same. Here are a few of the things that they'll do. They'll have you start running, and they won't tell you for how long you're running. You just have to run. They say run, and you run. So there's ambiguity in terms of what's going to be asked of you, and you should probably expect they'll stress you out. They'll frequently have you do a lot more than you ever thought you would have had to do when they first told you just start running. So not telling you what you're going to do. Not telling you how you're doing. Not giving you any feedback in terms of whether you're doing a good job or not. In fact, I found it fascinating. A part of the test for the Army Special Forces involves not telling you that you were right or that you were wrong as you go. As you're collaborating, sometimes, with other recruits, and you're having to orienteer yourself in darkness, and figure out how to get from there to somewhere else, to somewhere else, starting at 2 a.m. in the morning and needing to be done by noon later that day, there is no right or wrong. They'll say there are only consequences for the decisions that you're going to make. It's interesting they do an IQ test, and what they've consistently found are the people who end up in Special Forces have an IQ that is between 102, at the low end, and 130. I think most of us in the U.S. know that an IQ test normalizes at 100, so 100 is average intelligence. Below 102, you're probably not mentally fit enough to be a Special Forces guy or gal, but if you're over 130, you're probably also not well set up to be in U.S. Special Forces. They said too often among those people there's too exact a need to be right. It just doesn't quite work. The final note from the Special Forces selection: 70% are introverts, maybe not what a lot of us would expect. So a fascinating process to weed out, physically and emotionally, who's going to be Special Forces, and I learned a lot and saw a lot from those people. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Oct 7, 2016 at 2:39PM Financials Read More Why Corrections Corporation of America Broke Out a 60% Gain Today Wills vs. Trusts: Which Are Better? Apollo Investment: Earnings End a Two-Year Slide in Book Value The 3 Best Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in November Trusts: Everything You Need to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Beauty Fashion Health Cookery Insync Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Spirituality Tools Photos Videos Fashion Store हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home Health Beauty Insync Fashion Cookery Relationship Spirituality Pregnancy n Parenting Home n Garden Fashion Store Photos Videos Socail Share Mail Facebook Twitter gplus Home » Insync » Pulse »Did You Know Of These Amazing 10 Facts? Read On! Did You Know Of These Amazing 10 Facts? Read On! By: Syeda Farah Noor Updated: Friday, October 7, 2016, 14:37 [IST] Subscribe to Boldsky Facts are something that amuse us most of the time. There are so many different facts that most of us are not aware of. We are here to just help you learn these unknown facts. Here, in this article, we are about to share some of the most interesting facts that one needs to know. These are a mixture of all the worldly facts and the scientific facts that make this article an interesting read. After all, learning is interesting and important as well, isn't it? So, find out about these amazing and interesting 10 facts that can teach you something new today. Go on, indulge yourself in the read. Fact #1 A psychological study has revealed that when you are single, you tend to see more of happy couples and when you are committed, you see more of "happy singles". Strange, isn't it? Fact #2 People who spend most of their time in front of TV and laptop suffer from TATT syndrome (Tired All The Time). This is something most of the teens suffer from these days. Fact #3 Most of the people die between 3 AM and 4 AM, as the human body is said to be the weakest at this time and hence chances of heart attacks and other health-related issues are more and get triggered. Fact #4 Most of the humans tend to emotionally open up and confess things during late-night texting. Though it is not the same during the calls. Fact #5 The sudden jerk that our body experiences during the sleep is known as "Hypnic Jerk". This happens when you slip in a dream while you're half asleep. Fact #6 Did you know that you can increase your concentration level while reading, writing or studying by listening to music without the vocals? Well, try it once, as it really works! Fact #7 Men just take 3 days to fall in love with a woman, while women on other hand tend to take 14 dates to fall in love with a man. Fact #8 Posting about yourself and your daily activities on social media sites activates your brain's reward system. It is just the way you feel after getting a kick when you're high on drugs. Fact #9 Whoever said that bad handwriting are bad should know the fact that intelligent people tend to think faster and as a result, they have a sloppy handwriting. Fact #10 Psychology research proves that women who play online video games are more happy in life when compared to women who do not! No wonder, men love such women! Read more about: facts, science, body Story first published: Friday, October 7, 2016, 14:34 [IST] Other articles published on Oct 7, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... What Causes Pain In The Right Side Of The Chest 3 Kitchen Ingredients Can Treat Asthma Better Than Medicines! 7 Foods That Can Prevent Breast Cancer, Which You Must Try! Featured Posts Subscribe Newsletter Recommended Editor's Choice Witness Supermoon In 68 Years! Ever Wondered Why Japanese Celebrate Doll Festival? Ever Wondered Why Japanese Celebrate Doll Festival? Crazy Stories About Farting Bollywood Actresses Who Underwent Breast Implant Surgery Heartbreaking Facts About Life The Office Guy Who Stole Chocolates!! Your Hair Knows When You Fall Asleep – 15 Weird Hair Facts! + Show More Health, Beauty, Fashion, Relationship, Cookery Now answers to all your lifestyle queries are 2 steps away Receive lifetime benefits of our free newsletter No thanks, I'm better off solving my lifestyle issues myself   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Airlines & Aviation | Aerospace & Defense | Surveys, Polls and Research UAV Drones Market Worth 21.23 Billion USD by 2022 Download image PUNE, India, October 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the new market research report "UAV Drones Market by Type (Fixed Wing, VTOL, STUAS, MALE, HALE, UCAS ), Payload (Up to 25 Kg, Up to 150 Kg, Up to 600 Kg, Above 600 Kg), Application (Precision Agriculture, Retail, Media & Entertainment), Component, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets, the global UAV drones market size is expected to be USD 21.23 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 19.99% between 2016 and 2022. The major factors driving this market include the increasing demand for drones for commercial applications and rapid technological advancements in drones.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 76 market data Tables and 57 Figures spread through 216 Pages and in-depth TOC on "UAV Drones Market".  http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/commercial-drones-market-195137996.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report.  Commercial drones are expected to hold the largest market share in the forecast period  This growth is mainly attributed to the growing demand for drones and drone-generated data in commercial applications. Also, in some countries, the rules for operating drones in the national airspace have been relaxed. For example, in the U.S., the release of the Part 107 rule by FAA for drones below 55lb has paved the way for multiple opportunities in commercial sectors such as mapping, surveying, and inspection, among others. The rules and regulations are being modified for the European countries too so that they can reap the benefits of drones for driving the growth of the economy. Sensors component is estimated to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period  Sensors are being used as payloads in UAVs for many commercial and military applications. CBRN and laser sensors in military drones are used for marking targets, guiding munitions, missile defense, electro-optical countermeasures, and in inertial navigation systems, among others. The sensors deployed in commercial UAVs are used for precision agriculture, pest detection, forestry, mammal species tracking search and rescue, target tracking, volcanic monitoring, pollution monitoring, and micro-climates, among others. North America is expected to hold the largest share of the market during the forecast period  The market for commercial drones in North America is expected to grow exponentially owing to the release of the Part 107 rule by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) of the U.S. in August 2016. UAVs have been extensively used by the U.S.in strikes against terrorist outfits in Syria, Libya, and Iraq. In Canada, UAVs have been used in diverse environments and high-risk roles such as atmospheric research including weather and atmospheric gas sampling and oceanographic research, among others. Free PDF Brochure Download: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=195137996 The key players in the UAV drones market include Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Aerovironment, Inc. (U.S.), Elbit systems Ltd. (Israel), Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. (Israel), BAE Systems Plc (U.K.), Thales SA (France), Leonardo SpA (Italy), and DJI (China), among others. Browse Related Reports  Smart Robots Market by Component (Software, Hardware), Application (Collaborative Industrial Robots, Personal Service Robots, Professional Service Robots), by Geography (North America, Europe, APAC, RoW) - Analysis & Forecast to 2020 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/smart-robots-market-48470534.html Agriculture Drones Market by Type (Fixed Wing, Rotary Blade, Hybrid, Data Analytics Software, Imaging Software), Application (Field Mapping, VRA, Crop Scouting, Livestock, Crop Spraying), Component and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/agriculture-drones-market-23709764.html About MarketsandMarkets  MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Subscribe Reports from Semiconductor & Electronic @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Subscription.html Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog@ http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/electronics-and-semiconductors   Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets Website: - http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/ SOURCE MarketsandMarkets More by this Source Veterinary Surgical Instruments Market Worth 1,029.0 Million USD by 2021 11 Nov, 2016, 17:30 GMT Cloud Systems Management Software Market Worth 15.29 Billion USD by 2021 11 Nov, 2016, 16:30 GMT Corrosion Resistant Resin Market Worth 12.56 Billion USD by 2026 11 Nov, 2016, 15:30 GMT View all news by MarketsandMarkets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Airlines & Aviation News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Apparently you can tell a lot about someone by the way they yawn Lisa Bowman for Metro.co.ukThursday 6 Oct 2016 1:46 pm SOMEONE GET A STOPWATCH (Image: Getty) Yawning – you might never have thought about it while you were trying to stifle that yawn in your meeting this morning, but it’s something that the majority of the animal world does. Which is why scientists were able to conduct this latest study and deduce that the length of your yawn says a lot about the size of your brain. The study, published in Biology Letters, showed a correlation between yawn duration and brain weight, as well the number of cortical neurons i.e. the number of cells in the cerebral cortex, the brain’s largest region. They found that mammals with larger brains yawned longer. Lead researcher Andrew Gallup looked at the brain weight data for 29 mammals and then sent his team of researchers out to watch the animals yawn, record the duration and coming up with an average for each type of mammal. They mostly did this by watching YouTube videos of animals yawning, which, to be honest, sounds like the kind of study we want to be a part of. Researchers studied 205 individual yawns from mammals including possums, African elephants and humans. They discovered that humans yawned for an average length of seven seconds, with chimpanzees coming in at five seconds. Mice yawned for one and a half seconds on average. It’s long been suggested that yawning is a way of getting more oxygen into the body, but this study mentions another hypothesis – that yawning is a way of cooling down the brain, in two different ways. Firstly, with an influx of cold air from outside, and secondly, because we constrict then relax our facial muscles during a yawn, which sends more warm blood around the skull, allowing heat to escape. Thus, a larger brain requires a longer yawn. This also means next someone at work passively aggressively asks if they’re ‘keeping you awake’ when you yawn, you can shut them down with a swift, ‘Nah mate, just cooling down my cortex’. You might find this hard to believe, but researchers couldn’t find as many animal yawning videos on the internet as they needed, so their conclusion isn’t as solid as they were hoping for. However, they say their results are a good pointer for further research on the subject i.e. watching animals yawn in the flesh, as well as looking within species to see if yawn length dictates mental skills. Obviously brain size doesn’t equate to intelligence, but it would be interesting to see how yawn length correlates with brain variants within humans, and they hope to do this in the future. MORE: Yawning is more contagious for women because they’re more empathetic, study finds MORE: Can you make it through this post without yawning? MORE: If you don’t catch yawns you’re probably a psychopath The Fix The daily lifestyle email from Metro.co.uk. Sign up Find out more More Michelle Obama is on the cover of Vogue and she looks glorious 10 winter activities guaranteed to get you in the mood for Christmas Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es Here's how to reduce jet lag when you travel Sponsored13 coolest children's toys this year Hyper Japan Christmas Market 2016 - here's what you can expect Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » The reality of dating someone with depression 10 winter activities guaranteed to get you in the mood for Christmas You can now decorate your Christmas tree with gin-filled baubles Hundreds of people and their dogs join Walnut the greyhound for his last ever walk 13 coolest children's toys this yearMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Lifestyle Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
