Go Tuesday 24 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro French presidential favourite Fillon paid wife as aide 29 mins ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons The military and Nigeria’s security 17 hours ago  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Imo Air born, to be operated by Dana 26 mins ago  Aviation Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Samsung says Q4 profits up 50% despite Note7 recall 16 hours ago  Gadgets Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Barca chief relaxed despite Messi speculation 5 hours ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts 'La La Land' grabs record 14 Oscar nominations 4 hours ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Doubt over Everest's true height spurs fresh expedition 5 hours ago  Science More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Breaking News Kidnappers release kidnapped students, teachers Technology  |  Technology   BMW deploying self-driving 7 series fleet to roads this year By Bloomberg   |   23 January 2017   |   4:22 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email BMW BMW AG will dispatch a fleet of autonomous vehicles to U.S. and European cities in this year’s second half, the next step in its partnership with Mobileye NV and Intel Corp. to introduce fully self-driving vehicles by 2021. The German automaker will put 40 of its 7 Series sedans on the road and train them to drive in urban areas, Klaus Froehlich, BMW’s head of development, said in an interview. The goal is to apply the gathered data toward producing the iNext, which will supplant the 7 Series as the BMW brand’s flagship model and be capable of full autonomy four years from now. Automakers and technology companies are rushing to form partnerships to compete against the likes of Alphabet Inc.’s Google, which has clocked 2 million self-driving miles on public roads, and Tesla Motors Inc., with 1.3 billion miles of data from Autopilot-equipped vehicles. BMW is appealing to other carmakers to adopt its approach to help shoulder research costs, speed development by sharing data and ensure they don’t become also-rans. “Those who reach the finish line before you will have their tech become the basis of standardization,” Amnon Shashua, Mobileye’s co-founder and chief technology officer, said in an interview. “This is why sharing is important.” BMW will be following Uber Technologies Inc. and Volvo Cars in putting autonomous cars on the road, with the latter two companies partnering on test vehicles in Pittsburgh and Arizona. Other carmakers have been reluctant so far to heed BMW’s call for adopting its platform. Rival Daimler AG has said it prefers to develop its own technology. Mobileye shares rose as much as 4.4 percent to the highest intraday in three months and traded at $42.12 as of 1:12 p.m. in New York. Costly Technology Enabling vehicles to navigate without human input through cities requires them to see and understand complex situations more like people do. Jerusalem-based Mobileye brings expertise in cameras that model the surroundings while Santa Clara, California-based Intel wields computing capabilities to power artificial intelligence. The companies released details Wednesday in conjunction with CES 2017, the consumer-technology show in Las Vegas. “If everybody would use the same network, it will be best,” Froehlich said. “At the beginning, I think only premium cars will be able to afford such technology.” Carmakers could participate by buying sensors to install in their cars, or go deeper with equipment that helps crowd-source data from an autonomous-vehicle fleet, said Kathy Winter, vice president and general manager of Intel’s Automated Driving Division. While Munich-based BMW’s main target is individual car owners, the technology will be available for ride-sharing fleets as well, Froehlich said. Auto manufacturers are pushing into so-called mobility services like car-sharing and ride-hailing to counter alternatives to private vehicle ownership. Partnerships Form BMW, which co-owns the DriveNow car-sharing venture with Sixt SE, will be jockeying for consumers’ attention against the likes of Uber, Ford Motor Co. and Volkswagen AG, among others. Google, which separated its self-driving car project into a new unit called Waymo last month, plans to start a ride-sharing service using semi-autonomous minivans made by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV as soon as the end of 2017. VW is rolling out Moia, a new division that will focus on ride-sharing. Revenue from car-sharing is projected to surge more than sevenfold to 4.7 billion euros ($4.9 billion) by 2021, according to a study by Boston Consulting Group Inc. Robo-taxis will make up 40 percent of automotive profits by 2030, more than selling vehicles to individuals, according to consulting company Roland Berger. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: BMWMobileye NV You may also like Samsung blames Galaxy Note 7 fires on faulty batteries 1 day ago  Technology Robot cars to descend on 10 sites U.S. names as proving grounds 2 days ago  Technology Toronto’s Bunz Facebook group to stop taking members, push app 2 days ago  Technology Latest Imo Air born, to be operated by Dana 31 mins ago  Aviation French presidential favourite Fillon paid wife as aide 34 mins ago  World 2017 Budget: $42 crude oil benchmark will create room for savings in ECA -Commission 1 hour ago  Business News Kidnappers release kidnapped students, teachers 1 hour ago  Breaking News Spotlight Osinbajo inaugurates MSMEs clinics, booklet to boost business activities 1 hour ago  Nigeria More   Communication FUPRE prepares students for industrial sector jobs 4 days ago 1   NCC begins enforcement of #5m fine over SMS 4 days ago   WTL says VoLTE will improve voice traffic growth 4 days ago   Airtel plans exclusive VVIP for touching lives season three premiere 4 days ago   SWIFT adopts Blockchain as global payment initiative 4 days ago   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Fine Art: Metal The Next Judge Dredd Comic Sounds Mad Max As Hell Batman Is Teaming Up With One Of His Biggest Comic Book Inspirations For A New Miniseries Cosplay's Unlikely Anime Bondage Stars [NSFW] Esports Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit Smash Bros. Players Infuriated Over Surprise Setting Tweak At Big Tournament Counter-Strike Pro Wins Epic Shootout Against The Entire Enemy Team  The Weekend In Esports: League Of Legends And Genesis 4 Return Xbox Here's 21 Minutes Of Ghost Recon: Wildlands Twitch Stream Follows Five GTA 5 NPCs Wherever They Go, No Matter What They Do Grand Theft Auto Online Trolls Vs The Million-Dollar Car Get An Xbox Elite Controller Today For $129 PlayStation How The Last Guardian Makes You Care About A Bird Dog Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak Target Is Selling Yakuza 0 For $59 Kingdom Hearts 2.8 Gives Us A Taste Of Kingdom Hearts III, And It's Good Nintendo Miitopia Is Nintendo's Wonderfully Strange Take On JRPGs I Am Setsuna Is A Nintendo Switch Launch Title Man Finds Wii U Kiosk In Gamestop Dumpster What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics PC Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It What You Need To Know About The Sims 4 Vampires A Year Later, Yandere Simulator's Dev Says Twitch Still Hasn't Explained Ban So That's Why Doom's Hell Has So Many Candles Mobile Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March The Creator Of Fruit Ninja Has A Brand New Video Game The Galaxy Note7 Blew Up Because Of The Batteries Samsung Will Finally Explain What Happened To The Galaxy Note7 In Real Life What Games Are You Playing To Cope With Stress? Isaac Asimov's Foundation Set The Stage For Modern Science Fiction JB Hi-Fi's Resident Evil 7 Displays Are Pretty Great Off Topic: The Best BBQ Food Retro The 9 Best Tennis Games ScribbleTaku 80s Gaming Nightmare Returns To Haunt Us All ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak Smash Bros. Players Infuriated Over Surprise Setting Tweak At Big Tournament The Ring Girl Crawls Out Of Department Store TV, Frightens Shoppers DOOM, Dishonored 2 And Watch Dogs 2 Are Going For A Bargain Razer's Updated Blade Stealth Is A Fine Macbook Air Replacement Alex Walker Jan 24, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories blade stealth laptops razer Share Image: Kotaku/Alex Walker Last year, the unthinkable happened. I was in Taipei for Computex. I'd just walked into a group press conference ready to take notes and transcribe. I opened up my Macbook Air and ... half the screen was blank. In between interviews, my screen died. So like many people, I waited most of 2016 hoping Apple would announce a serviceable replacement for the Macbook Air. But they never did. So over the last month, I've been using Razer's similarly-priced answer: the latest Razer Blade Stealth laptop. What Is It? Image: Kotaku/Alex Walker Unlike the gaming focused, and vastly more expensive Blade Pro, the Blade Stealth is an ultrabook targeted at students, creative professionals and other industries in the market for a "productivity" device. Starting from $1499.95 for the 128GB model with 16GB DDR4 RAM and a 12.5" 1440p display, the Blade Stealth ranges up to $3000 for the model with a 4K screen and 1TB of storage. You're venturing into Blade Pro territory there, however, so it's really a laptop aimed at those considering a Macbook Air or a Surface Pro. The pitch is that you're paying about the same amount for the Razer Blade Stealth, but you're getting much more modern hardware. The baseline model comes with Intel's latest Kaby Lake processor, the i7-7500U CPU (2.7GHz/3.5GHz) with the integrated HD Graphics 620. There's 2 USB 3.0 ports on the laptop and a Thunderbolt-3 USB-C port, which doubles as the laptop's charging port. Extra benefits include Bluetooth 4.1 support, touch screens on all models, built-in webcam, speakers, a HDMI 2.0a port, a 3.5mm microphone/headphone combo jack, a 64-bit install of Windows 10 and wireless functionality. All models come with a IGZO panel for the screen, although only the 4K Blade Stealth screens will support 100% Adobe RGB (the baseline models are only rated at 70% Adobe RGB, which photographers and editors might want to consider). The whole unit weighs 1.29kg and is 1.31cm x 32.1cm x 20.6cm, which is delightfully small. It's not the smallest ultrabook you can find, particularly given what was shown at CES this year, but it travels easily enough. The 12.5" screen is also just the right size that you can pull the Blade Stealth out on the train or bus and continue working without having to worry too much about the seat in front of you, although it's a fraction too large for those hoping to do a bit of red-eye typing in cattle class. Razer's also bundled in support for their Chroma lighting software so you can get a funky rave going on your keyboard, although more on that later. What's It Good At? Image: Kotaku/Alex Walker Intel's integrated graphics have come a long way. While the HD 620 is no match for some of last year's beefiest titles, like DOOM or Battlefield 1, you can get around 30fps in Overwatch if you play at 720p and turn the resolution scale down a bit. Other games, like Civilization 5 and Stardew Valley, are perfectly playable. And if you dabble in a bit of Dota 2 or League of Legends, you'll be able to get through a match without screaming at the monitor. The gaming power is really just a bonus, though. The Blade Stealth is all about productivity first, with a bit of gaming on the end. And it's a great laptop for typing on, once you become accustomed to the reduced profile of the keys. It's not a mechanical keyboard, but it's comfortable enough after long typing sessions. The Razer Synapse software is more than just lighting profiles though. It's disabled by default, but you can enable Synapse to track how many keys you've pressed, the average keystroke distance, how many macros you use, and it maintains stats for individual games as well. It'll track your mouse movement in game too, which is probably more helpful for the Blade laptops with discrete GPUs than it is the Blade Stealth. And the core aspect of any laptop, especially one with the Macbook Air in its sights, is the quality of the trackpad. It's not as good as Apple's creation - few are - but it's accurate enough, especially after you bump up the default sensitivity by a couple of notches. It's not quite as clever when it comes to detecting your palms, which results in some "Where's Waldo's Mouse Cursor" moments. But as far as a Windows-powered trackpad goes, it's serviceable enough. And the 45W supplied USB-C charger is also reasonably small, which is a hugely helpful considering you'll never want to leave home without it. Oh and while some might argue that laptops are all about the hardware, the Blade Stealth is a real stylish piece of hardware. People don't often buy laptops for the look, but the Blade Stealth is pleasing on the eye, especially when the keyboard and back logo have that soft, green glow. (Or whatever other colour you prefer.) What's It Not Good At? Images: Razer Kaby Lake might be the epitome of Intel's 14nm processors, but if you were hoping for the glory days of 12, 13, 14 hours battery life you're gonna have a bad time. With the Chroma lighting going, the in-built network manager for the Killer wireless card and the automatically enabled Dolby Digital Plus software, the Blade Stealth chews up battery fast. Playing a game or watching a video will drain your battery in a couple of hours. When typing, editing photos and doing my regular day job, the standard battery life was around six hours. The USB-C port can also be used to power Razer's separate graphics dock, the Razer Core. Problem is, the Razer Core isn't available in Australia. And even when it is, you're still paying hundreds of dollars for a basically a dock that houses a GPU, which you have to either purchase or have automatically lying around. (And most people don't have spare GPUs chilling in their closet.) As much as Razer wants to pitch the Blade Stealth as a gaming device, the HD 620 isn't really that practical as an all-round gaming laptop. Games released in the last couple of years will generally hit around the 30fps mark, which isn't the sort of performance you'd want for twitch shooters or games relying on fast reaction times (like a F1 2016). If you stick to indie titles, and older AAA games (think around 2013-2014), you'll be perfectly fine. I praised the trackpad earlier, but something it's not great at is palm recognition. It's all too easy to end up clicking on something accidentally because your hand has brushed over the trackpad mid-sentence. I'd also avoid using the touchscreen if you don't like fingerprints; the glossy surface means you'll be easily reminded of just how greasy your fingers are. Should You Buy It? Image: Razer Before the turn of the year, I strongly considered buying my own Razer Blade Stealth. I wasn't going to pay the several hundred dollars to have the panel on my Macbook Air replaced. I loved that laptop to bits, but Apple hardware costs enough as is the first time around. So I started seriously considering the Razer for two reasons: the Kaby Lake CPU with an integrated GPU, which would be enough for older games like Dungeon of the Endless or Risk of Rain, and the fact that it came in at around the same price point. Getting an i7-7500U with 16GB of RAM for $1500 is a solid deal when you consider the current Dell XPS 13 costs just under $1900, and only has the i5-7200U and 8GB of RAM. The Blade Stealth will also have a faster processor than the XPS 13 2-in-1 model when that becomes available in Australia. The higher end model does outperform the Blade Stealth slightly, as Gizmodo found, but it'll cost you $1614 for a 128GB model with 8GB of RAM. The same version with a 256GB SSD will set you back $1699, and the starting price for an XPS 13 with an i7-7500U is $1954. The extra money isn't really worth it, for me. Not having to deal with the XPS 13's chunky proprietary charger is a plus as well; the Blade Stealth's USB-C charger is relatively small, and it'll only become more versatile in the years to come. It does mean that you can't charge the Blade Stealth and use the USB-C port at the same time, but that issue never cropped up once in my testing. The sticking point for most people will be the battery life. Both the XPS 13 and the Macbook are vastly superior, and it's something you'll need to factor in if you're a regular traveller. But that can be managed by thinking ahead, and you can eek extra juice out of the machine once all the Chroma lighting is disabled. Razer's laptops have always been a joy to use, even if they weren't quite perfect. But the Blade Stealth now has one other notch under its belt: it's reasonably priced, considering the hardware inside and the cost of its competitors. I won't say it's the ultimate ultrabook for gamers who need to work first and play second. But it's satisfying to use, travels well and is neatly designed. That's a good package for $1500, and it's a good looking package at that. Comments labrys @labrys Jan 23, 2017, 3:11pm I've had my eye on the stealth to replace my 2011 MBA when it eventually dies. So this is the perfect review for me. :) Battery life is a bit of an issue but usually my MBA is plugged in so I can probably live with it. I do like Razers pricing structure on this with the only difference between the laptops being the screen and the size of the hard drive. I love my MBA keyboard and trackpad though. The best I have ever used so if Razers aren't in that league it could get annoying quickly. I do love the idea of the Core though. Being able to turn the laptop into a gaming PC by simply plugging it in is fantastic. It means I can get one device to do everything I need. And I have to say I have always had a question mark on Razer's quality. It just always seems to fall a bit short and from reviews on amazon this is the same here which gives me pause in getting one. Reply 0 ted @ted Jan 23, 2017, 7:24pm I was foolish enough to buy a Razer keyboard, mouse, headset and (expensive) mouse pad all in one go a few years back. Never again. Terrible build quality, constant issues with the keyboard especially and Razer support ignored every email I ever sent them. Reply 0 labrys @labrys Jan 24, 2017, 9:09am Yeah I've heard many similar stories. My mate's Razer mouse just died on him and it was only a couple of years old. My Cyber Snipa Striker mouse has lasted me around 7 years with no problems. I don't think the company even exists anymore and the mouse keeps going. My wife bought me a pair of Razer Headphones for Christmas since my Logitech G35s died so I will be interested to see how long these last me. These quality issue stories are what have prevented me getting Razer mice and keyboards in the past. Reply 0 Zombie Process Guest Jan 23, 2017, 10:40pm Funny story - I bought a "New" Razer Blade 2016 while I was attending WWDC in San Francisco last year. I've been an Apple fan since the mid-90s, and even worked for them from 2005-2010. But damn if I was not tired of waiting for something worth while that would replace my 2013 MBP. So I bought the Blade..and I love it. It's not a total MBP replacement, but in some ways it comes close (disregarding battery life, but I have a 12 retina MB for that). And it has no problem playing modern AAA games, which my MBP really won't do. I'm a developer, but increasingly need to work cross platform. The MBP has been good, but the latest versions don't give me enough to warrant the $4000 it would cost. Apple makes great hardware.. or did.. but I wish they'd wake up to the world around them and give us something really compelling. Reply 0 matt1234 @matt1234 Jan 24, 2017, 11:03am Razer laptops are great quality - I've had a Razer blade 14 for about 2 years now and it's left on 24/7. I take it to work and travel both domestic and overseas with it, it is also my only home PC and plugged into my TV for media centre and gaming. I've even upgraded the ssd drive for more storage and installed win 10, I haven't had it stuff up once. The only downsides i will give it is * Noise - when gaming it gets quite noisy, and i mean NOISY (but better that than overheating, and it's quiet during normal use) * Fingerprint magnet Last edited January 24, 2017 11:04 am Reply 0 Matt50 Guest Jan 24, 2017, 12:04pm This looks perfect! for someone who wants 16GB of ram, this looks to work out way cheaper than a mac. just a shame about the battery life. I consider that a critical stat (given it is meant to be a portable computer after all). would be good if they could have a slightly thicker, heavier version with a bigger battery. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics Alex Cranz 23 Jan 2017 11:00 AM The Nintendo Switch looks like it might be complete weaksauce when compared to the best consoles from Sony and Microsoft. But the real question is. Does that matter? Probably not. Don't Have Kids Mark Serrels 23 Jan 2017 10:30 AM So for the last two weeks, my PlayStation 4 hasn't been working. To be more precise, it was refusing to play discs. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Target Is Selling Yakuza 0 For $59 DOOM, Dishonored 2 And Watch Dogs 2 Are Going For A Bargain Deals: Learn How Blind Everyone With Data Science Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn How To Hack Trending Articles 1 What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Low-End Graphics 2 Don't Have Kids 3 Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak 4 Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit 5 PS4 Fans Are Baffled As To Why Sony Is Promoting Crappy-Looking Games The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit What You Need To Know About The Sims 4 Vampires Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Self Control, The Brute-Force Distraction Blocker, Lands On The iPhone You should never wash your jeans -- here's how to clean them TONY ROBBINS: How to pull yourself out of a funk STOCKS HIT ALL-TIME HIGHS: Here's what you need to know Here's how long you should keep your tax filings, pay stubs, and other important financial records © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > New details emerge about Intel's super-small Eucli... New details emerge about Intel's super-small Euclid computer for robots Intel's Euclid computer for robots operates on a battery, has an HDMI port, 3D RealSense camera, Atom processor, and a range wireless sensors Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 21 January, 2017 09:04 0 - - - - print email Intel is getting proficient at developing small computers. First, came its Compute Sticks and then its credit-card-shaped Compute Cards. But nothing's quite like the mysterious Euclid, which is a self-contained computer the size of a thumb designed to be the brains and eyes of a robot. More details have emerged about the computer, which was announced in August and has yet to be released. The Euclid is so small and light that's possible to hold like a pen. It has a built-in 3D RealSense camera, making it like a PC fused into a Microsoft Kinect. [Related: The best Japan Robot, gadget and car expo gallery] The design makes it possible to install the Euclid where the eyes of a human-like robot would be typically placed. The 3D RealSense camera will act as the eyes of a robot, capturing images in real-time and helping with movement. Euclid has motion and position sensors that can help the robot move around both indoors and outdoors. Intel announced and demonstrated the Euclid computer in a robot moving on stage during CEO Brian Krzanich's keynote at the Intel Developer Forum in August. The Euclid Developer Kit launch page is up on the website of Mouser Electronics. Intel didn't provide a specific launch date or pricing. Once the Euclid is placed in a robot, it can be operated remotely through a mobile device or PC. The Euclid has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity to communicate with the PC. The Euclid can also "serve as a full, autonomous brain with sensing capabilities, or as a smart sensor controlled by a more powerful computer," Mouser states on its website. The computer has GPS capabilities for navigation. The Euclid presentation about RealSense technologies last year at the Roscon robotics conference. The Atom CPU provides the horsepower to process and analyze the images collected by the 3D camera. The CPU will drive a robot's movement and help it complete tasks. The ZR300 is a 1080p camera bundled with an infrared camera and an infrared laser projector. The combined features will help robots get a better sense of depth and motion, which will aid in movement. The device operates on a battery and has environmental sensors on the back. One sensor is a barometric pressure sensor. Additionally, it has a microphone and speakers, and HDMI and USB 3.0 slots. Euclid supports Linux-based Ubuntu OS and Robotics Operating System (ROS), which typically sits on top of an OS. It will also support Arduino, a software package commonly used by developers to create basic electronics. Top 10 Things to Love about Surface Pro 4 More from Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags robots Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Gadgets & Things Ehang 184 Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Family Friendly Google Pixel XL Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Microsoft's mobile apps will get better image capture and OCR via the Office Lens camera app Severe vulnerability in Cisco's WebEx extension for Chrome leaves PCs open to easy attack Microsoft tries to expel Chromebooks from schools with Intune app and low-cost PCs If we show you how to back up your PC for free, will you finally do it? How to create Live Tiles for your Steam games in Windows Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSolution Architect l MS Exchange, O365NSW CCTechnical Business Analyst - Infrastructure - VirtualizationNSW TPProject Manager - SAPQLD CCeLearning Support Officer - Moodle/Google appsACT FTLevel 3 EngineerNSW TPTest ManagerQLD FTSoftware Support SpecialistQLD FTLevel 3 EngineerNSW FTCheckpoint Firewall and VPNNSW CCJDEVELOPERSA FTFront End DeveloperQLD TPTechnical Business AnalystVIC TPSolution ArchitectVIC FTJunior-Mid Level Implementation CoordinatorQLD FTTechnology Testing Services ManagerVIC CCAccessability TesterACT FTScrum MasterQLD FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantNSW TPSenior Test Analyst - TAFEQLD FTCheckpoint Firewall and VPNNSW CCTechnical Project ManagerNSW FTWeb Front- End DeveloperSA CCNetwork Security Specialist - Palo Alto Firewall ExpertVIC CCProject/ Operational CoordinatorNSW TPLevel 3 Systems EngineerWA Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 computerworld.com.au Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia arnnet.com.au Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Computerworld How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory Tsinghua Unigroup is investing $30 billion in a factory that will make DRAM and flash storage, striking at the heart of a chip battle between the US and China Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 07:30 - - - - print email Comments For China, actions speak louder than words, especially in the escalating chip battle with the U.S., which has been hurling out verbal threats in recent months. The Chinese chip infrastructure is getting a serious boost from Tsinghua Unigroup, which is investing US$30 billion in a new foundry to make chips. The state-owned Tsinghua Holdings is a majority shareholder in Tsinghua Unigroup. This news comes just two weeks after U.S. accused China of rigging the chip market and artificially reducing the prices of semiconductors. The tough talk came from the administration of former President Barack Obama but will continue under Donald Trump, who was sworn in as president Friday. The factory in Nanjing will primarily make 3D NAND flash and DRAM chips to bulk up the country's semiconductor and storage markets. The first stage of investment will be $10 billion and produce 100,000 chips per month. The manufacturing facilities will stretch over 1,500 acres, or 2.34 square miles. Beyond the investment in the chip factory, Tsinghua Unigroup will also invest about $4.3 billion to build a complimentary IC (integrated circuit) international city that will include a science technology park, a school, commercial facilities, and apartments. China has a poor chip-manufacturing infrastructure, and this investment should fill a hole in the country's long-term effort to be self-reliant with technology products. Companies like Intel, Samsung, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.) and GlobalFoundries, which invest billions in fabs, will feel the pinch. Intel and GlobalFoundries operate factories in the U.S., and those companies also spend billions to upgrade manufacturing facilities. But the U.S. will certainly take notice. Earlier this month, a White House working group said China was not playing fair in the semiconductor market, by artificially reducing the prices of chips through government assistance. The working group, called the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology or PCAST, recommended the U.S. respond to the Chinese chip threat by investing more in innovation and education and creating new types of quantum and neuromorphic computers. The U.S. and China have conflicting technology agendas. China has made it difficult for U.S. technology companies to do business in the country. Most hardware companies have turned to partnerships or joint ventures to operate, with the Chinese government having some level of ownership. Security and intellectual property theft have also been major U.S. concerns. The U.S. has been placing more emphasis on China's semiconductor market in recent months. China today hosts the world's fastest supercomputer called TaihuLight. Fast supercomputers are used in weapons development, economic forecasts, and scientific research, making them central to a country's security and economic strategies. The U.S. in the past has banned the export of supercomputing chips to China, citing concerns that it could be against U.S. national interests. In 2014, China said it would invest $150 billion to subsidize chip development over a 10-year period. That's partly because China wants 70 percent of devices in the country to use homegrown chips by 2025. That investment helped spur the development of low-cost semiconductors, which are also shipping outside China. But the U.S. charges that Chinese semiconductors are inferior and have affected the quality of devices. The flood of Chinese chips has slowed down demand for chips and hurt the bottom line of U.S. companies, giving them less money to spend on the research and development of new chip technologies. Products like the iPhone and iPad are assembled in Chinese factories, helping to keep down the price of those devices. The cheap Chinese chips have also reduced the cost related to building electronics, appliances, and cars. U.S. companies are also moving factories to China, which offers a cheaper way to make chips. Intel is making its memory chips at a factory in Dalian, China. Demand for 3rd Party ERP Support Soars More from Rimini Street Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags hacking More about IntelSamsungTaiwan Semiconductor ManufacturingTechnologyTSMC Editor's Recommendations Independent review of ATO outage begins ASD to brief political parties on hacking threat DNS: The ‘Achilles’ Heel’ of the Internet GreenSync eyes global opportunities Government eyes regional cyber security boost WA govt signs contracts for GovNext overhaul Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS Cyber Ransom Survival Guide: The Growing Threat of Ransomware and RDoS – and What to Do About It Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Your phone: Smarter in 2017, says Deloitte Microsoft to retire original Windows 10 on March 26 As security vendors double down on ANZ, businesses must tap resources to ... CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Optus rolls out small cells in WA Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Menu BROADWAYBROADWAY OFF-BROADWAYOFF-BROADWAY OTHER CITIES Boston Chicago Las Vegas London Los Angeles Miami New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. Minneapolis / St. Paul All Locations DISCOUNT TICKETSDISCOUNTS NEWS AND REVIEWSNEWS GOLD CLUBGOLD CLUB MORE Newsletter Children's Theater Theater News Theater Reviews Theater Photos Theater Video London Theater Submit Your Show VIDEO FLASH X Share via Email To From Email body Hi, I was on TheaterMania.com and thought you might be interested in seeing this. Cancel Send Email EXCLUSIVE: First Look at Simon Russell Beale-Led Tempest Before It Hits Cinemas The drama is presented by the Royal Shakespeare Company and Intel. Editorial Staff • London • Jan 23, 2017 Please disable your ad blocking software or enable javascript to view this gallery. The Royal Shakespeare Company's new production of The Tempest will hit cinemas across the country this March, and in anticipation of the screenings, the organization has provided TheaterMania with a first look. The production, a collaboration between the RSC and Intel, in association with the Imaginarium Studios, uses cutting-edge motion capture technology for the work's magical elements. Stage legend Simon Russell Beale plays Prospero, with Mark Quartley as the sprite Ariel, wearing a motion capture suit that controls the movements of his digital character. RSC artistic director Gregory Doran helms the work, which tells the story of a Duke banished to an island filled with magical creatures. The Tempest Simon Russell Beale Royal Shakespeare Company X Share via Email To From Email body Hi, I was on TheaterMania.com and thought you might be interested in seeing this. Cancel Send Email Want more stories like these? Get theater news, interviews, videos, exclusive ticket discounts, and more. AROUND THEATERMANIA Most Shared Most Viewed Sunday in the Park, With Jake Gyllenhaal and Annaleigh Ashford, Announces Full Cast Aladdin Tony Winner James Monroe Iglehart to Star in Hamilton Theater Venue Announced for the 2017 Tony Awards Marquee Filled With Color and Light for Sunday in the Park With Jake Gyllenhaal Go Behind the Scenes at Hamilton With Taran Killam and Al Roker Steve Martin and Edie Brickell's Bright Star Will Go on Tour Want more stories like these? Get theater news, interviews, videos, exclusive ticket discounts, and more. Don't show this again. Visit the TheaterMania.com homepage! Broadway Off-Broadway Off-Off-Broadway Discount Tickets News and Reviews Video All Cities Theater News Reviews Photo Flashes TM Magazine Boston Theater Chicago Theater Las Vegas Theater London Theater Los Angeles Theater Miami Theater New York Theater Philadelphia Theater San Francisco Theater Seattle Theater Washington D.C. Theater Minneapolis / St. Paul About Us Contact Us Jobs Subscribe to our newsletter Email Preferences Unsubscribe Services Listings Advertising Ticketing Learn More Facebook Google+ Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Subscribe to our RSS Feed By providing information about entertainment and cultural events on this site, TheaterMania.com shall not be deemed to endorse, recommend, approve and/or guarantee such events, or any facts, views, advice and/or information contained therein. ©1999 - 2017 TheaterMania.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 23 January 2017 | MYT 11:37 AM Apple files US$1bil lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Big player: Qualcomm supplies modem chips to Apple and Samsung. — Reuters REUTERS: Apple Inc filed a US$1bil (RM4.44bil) lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc, days after the US government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40% of Qualcomm's US$23.5bil (RM104.3bil) in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in US District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some US$1bil (RM4.44bil) in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm US$854mil (RM3.7bil) in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a US$975mil (RM4.3bil) fine in China, while the European Union in Dec 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1% after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyse their parts. —  Reuters You May Be Interested China's bitcoin exchanges slap on trading fees Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Time to say goodbye TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Konta's learning curve continues against Serena AirAsia X gets FAA clearance to fly to the US Docs face uncertain livelihood advertisement Latest News Toshiba board to approve plans to split off chip business on Friday SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results Cloud-based network provider Aryaka raises US$45mil: source Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Most Viewed in Tech TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Pokemon Go unleashed on game-mad South Korea, six months late Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents China takes 5,500 porn, violent apps offline Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Fingerprint Cards says former CEO arrested in market abuse probe Singapore 2G switchoff highlights digital divide Cloud-based network provider Aryaka raises US$45mil: source SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results 'Star Wars' game studio adds 'Portal' designer Kim Swift Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
TVLine Categories Ratings Ask Ausiello Winter Premiere Dates Renewal Scorecard Spoilers Hot Shows Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. AHS: Roanoke Arrow Atlanta Being Mary Jane Black Mirror Difficult People Empire The Flash Game Of Thrones Gilmore Girls Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away.... NCIS Nashville New Girl Once Upon a Time Outlander Pretty Little Liars Prison Break Scandal Star Trek Stranger Things Supergirl Supernatural The Good Fight The Vampire Diaries The Voice The Walking Dead This is Us Westworld The X-Files Hot Shows Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. AHS: Roanoke Arrow Atlanta Being Mary Jane Black Mirror Difficult People Empire The Flash Game Of Thrones Gilmore Girls Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away.... NCIS Nashville New Girl Once Upon a Time Outlander Pretty Little Liars Prison Break Scandal Star Trek Stranger Things Supergirl Supernatural The Good Fight The Vampire Diaries The Voice The Walking Dead This is Us Westworld The X-Files Ratings Ask Ausiello Winter Premiere Dates Renewal Scorecard Spoilers Courtesy of Showtime Homeland Recap: Better Con Saul By Dave Nemetz / January 22 2017, 7:00 PM PST 21 Need to catch up? Check out the previous Homeland recap here. Carrie’s friendship with Saul Berenson has always been Homeland‘s bedrock relationship. (Even when they’re yelling at each other.) But this week’s episode found Carrie in an unusual position: lying to Saul’s face, in order to cover up her alliance with the newly elected president. Carrie and Saul share their first Season 6 scene together when he comes calling at her new office. They hug, and things seem warm between them… until Saul accuses Carrie of secretly advising the president-elect: “I think her entire national security platform came out of that head of yours.” Carrie denies it, and says this is the kind of “bulls–t” that made her leave the CIA. She asks her old friend to leave. RELATEDHomeland Season 6 Premiere Recap: Losing the War, On Drugs But later, we see Carrie get in the back of an SUV and arrive at a top-secret location. Turns out she’s meeting… President-elect Keane! Carrie has been advising her, and tells her about Saul’s little visit. And when Keane’s chief of staff Rob shares Dar Adal’s request for some help investigating a snag in the Iran nuclear deal, Carrie recommends someone “absolutely trustworthy” for the job. No, not her. Saul. Carrie tells Keane that Saul wants the deal to work: “You can trust him.” Can Saul trust anyone, though? He meets with Dar Adal and tells him he’s been requested to represent the U.S. in the Iran nuclear deal situation. He also tells him he met with Carrie, and he believes her when she says she’s not involved with Keane. But Dar Adal doesn’t have the same warm feelings towards Carrie. “She’s a menace,” he seethes. And Dar Adal has photos of Carrie entering that meeting with Keane… but he doesn’t tell Saul about them. So what nefarious plan does he have up his sleeve? Let’s check in on the other plotlines in “The Man in the Basement”: SEARCH & SEIZURE | Quinn’s in even worse shape this week, if that’s possible. He’s holed up in Carrie’s basement, listening to some conspiracy nut rant on the radio about Hepatitis C and the Zika virus. And when Carrie tries to get him to take his medication, he flings a coffee mug at her. Luckily, our old pal Max (hi, Max!) shows up to help out. He also tries to get Quinn to take one particular pill, or he’ll have a seizure, but Quinn ignores him, too. Then when Max is busy on the phone, Quinn goes AWOL. Max tracks him down at a deli, buying a case of Budweiser. But before they can leave, Quinn suffers a serious seizure, convulsing and falling to the ground. When he regains consciousness, an EMT wants to take him to the hospital and do an EKG. But Quinn refuses (of course) and has Max take him home, begging him, “Don’t tell Carrie.” RELATEDTVLine’s Performer of the Week: Homeland‘s Rupert Friend Carrie comes home, and Max tells her about the seizure anyway, adding, “He’s got this weird thing about you.” She goes downstairs and finds a bewildered Quinn asking what happened to him. He doesn’t mean today, but in general. She tells him about the sarin-gas poisoning from last season, but he doesn’t remember, so they watch a video of it. Carrie says, “I must have watched it a hundred times… looking for some clue.” She points out the floor tiles in the video that led her to him. Quinn seems to understand: “But you saved me.” Carrie says yes… but then Quinn asks why. And that question hits Carrie like a dagger to the heart. Chin trembling, she repeats his question: “Why? Why?” She doesn’t answer him, but she tenderly touches her hand to his chest and walks back upstairs, only to cry some more when she’s alone. Seems like they have a weird thing about each other, huh? ‘WHEN DO I GO HOME?’ | Unfortunately for Sekou, the answer to that question is “not for a good long while.” Carrie and her Muslim-advocacy colleague Reda visit Sekou in jail, and want to know about the five grand in cash Conlin found under his mattress. Sekou says it was a loan, to fly his family to Nigeria to see his deported dad. Who loaned him the money? His friend who was helping him make those terrorist-promoting videos. This all sounds pretty fishy… and gets even fishier when Sekou’s sister Simone reveals she was dating Sekou’s friend. Max runs the friend’s photo through a database and finds him under another name: He’s a federal informant who ratted out some gang members in Pittsburgh. Carrie confronts Conlin about this and wants to put the friend on the witness stand. But Conlin threatens her to stay away from the informant, or else she’ll be arrested. You think that’ll stop her? Then you don’t know Carrie Mathison. RELATEDHomeland Will Tackle the ‘Brody Question’ in Season 6 Simone lures the informant into a meeting, and then Carrie jumps out and tells him, “We know who you are.” He plays dumb and tries to walk away, but then he caves: “I f—ked up in Pittsburgh.” He admits to helping Conlin and pushing the money on Sekou, but he told Conlin that Sekou’s not a terrorist. He doesn’t appreciate Carrie’s approach, though: “You f—ked up by coming here.” How badly did she f—k up? We’ll find out soon enough. Further Intel: * Just to clear up what’s going on with the Iran nuclear deal: According to Dar Adal, Iran is cheating and running a parallel nuclear program in another country. An Iranian “bag man” named Farhad Nafisi met with nuclear scientists in North Korea. The Israelis want to question Nafisi in Abu Dhabi. That’s where Saul comes in. * Funniest moment: that scene when Quinn is buying beer in the deli, and Max walks in. The cashier asks him to pay, and Quinn motions to Max and says, “Speak with my business manager.” * Reda does manage to get a plea deal offer for Sekou: seven years. It’s understandable why Sekou rejects that — especially if he really is innocent — but it also could be the best offer he’s likely to get. Like Reda says, “Insist on a trial, and you’ll spend twice as long in jail.” * Franny continues to be the cutest, with her stick-figure drawing and her cheerful declaration to her friend’s mom: “There’s a man in our basement!” I swear, Homeland, if you do anything to harm a hair on that precious girl’s head… * At his meeting with Keane’s chief of staff, Dar Adal tells him he was in that same restaurant on 9/11, pulling choking people off the streets to safety. But later, Saul asks Dar, “Still telling that bulls–t story?” Dar replies, “Only when I have to.” Man… there’s a special place in hell for people who lie about things like that. But then again, it is Dar Adal… so we probably shouldn’t be surprised. Is Carrie playing with fire by lying to Saul about Keane? And will she regret ambushing that informant? Hit the comments and share your thoughts. If you like TVLine, you'll LOVE our weekly newsletter. Click here to subscribe. Add a Comment TAGS: Homeland, Showtime GET MORE: Recaps Cancel reply Comments are monitored, so don’t go off topic, don’t frakkin’ curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. 21 Comments Kevin says: January 22, 2017 at 7:09 PM Happy to see Max back even though he was MIA throughout all of last season (in Berlin). Can’t believe the series didn’t bring back Virgil since we last saw him in the 9th episode of Season 3. Reply Booby says: January 23, 2017 at 9:06 AM Haha, better re-write the script!……Clinto lost! Reply Izzy says: January 23, 2017 at 7:01 PM Gosh I hope Virgil will be back too! Max is way too nice to Carrie and Quinn. Virgil would have plenty to say about the situation. Hmm may be that’s why Carrie doesn’t call him. Reply Derek StJohn says: January 22, 2017 at 7:53 PM It’s only the second episode and there are four main plot threads so far this season: Carrie advising the PEOTUS; Sekou’s storyline/During Foundation; the intelligence community’s plot against Iran–and maybe the PEOTUS; and, finally, the Carrie/Quinn relationship. The first three have me on the edge of my chair already–while the Carrie/Quinn relationship is something I wish they’d just bring to (any kind of) closure. I don’t really care if they have a romance or not. Carrie’s real relationship has always been with Saul and (despite the May/December aspect) IMO the show should just have them get married. Getting back to the interesting stuff: given the real life parallels of an incoming President at conflict with the intelligence community, I feel this is the strongest storyline–and most relevant. It also brings into play the betrayal being committed by Carrie (once more) against Saul. I can’t help but think about her past actions: ordering the drone pilot to launch when Saul would be a sure casualty; and when she knowingly led Saul back to his captors, after promising him that she would warn him if capture were imminent–so he could kill himself. The Carrie/Saul relationship IS the key to Homeland; in spite of the always topical storylines. At the end of the day, it’s about good “people” and loyalty–and Carrie and Saul keep moving back and forth across those “lines” in the sand. Bottom line: even though the writers (like everyone else) was caught off guard by the real Presidential elections (e.g., the female PEOTUS), there still enough good storytelling to make Homeland far, far superior to EPIX’s “Berlin Station.” Reply Alichat says: January 22, 2017 at 9:18 PM Carrie and Saul married? Uh….no. I have always seen them as a father/daughter dynamic. I love Carrie and Quinn, and I think seeing him struggle with recovery…..or I should say fighting recovery….is something that should be shown. I found the Dar Adal scenes boring, but I find his character boring because he’s a bit of a cliche. And I was to happy to see Max. He’s always so steadfast and loyal, and can be counted on to shine a light on the truth of things. I hope we get to see Virgil at some point in the season. Reply LAwoman says: January 23, 2017 at 2:43 PM I hope we see Virgil again too. And yes, Carrie and Saul have a more father/daughter or mentor/mentee relationship. I really don’t care about romances on this show, but I would be OK with Carrie and Quinn evolving into more than friends and colleagues if they really must hook her up with someone. Hopefully, not until he’s better recovered from all he’s been through. And his struggle shouldn’t be rushed. Reply Alichat says: January 23, 2017 at 4:18 PM “And his struggle shouldn’t be rushed.” Agreed. Reply Mitsotakis says: January 22, 2017 at 8:56 PM If we could skip the Quinn storyline, and probably the Sekou (where Carrie will get in trouble and then magically out of problem because she’s needed) it would be an OK season. Reply BonniwEo says: January 22, 2017 at 9:36 PM Not sure where the Quinn plot line is going. Will he become a right wing terrorist or will he work to expose them. Reply Colleen says: January 22, 2017 at 10:47 PM I’m betting the latter. I could see Quinn uncovering an alt-right nut job plotting something against Carrie because of her work ‘to free terrorists.’ We know he’ll be investigating something from the season previews…everyone one will probably dismiss him as having paranoid delusions at first, brought on from listening to that radio show. Reply N!loofar says: January 22, 2017 at 10:57 PM Carrie and Quinn should have sex this season, it’s getting ridiculous. Reply Carrie says: January 22, 2017 at 10:59 PM Watching Homeland and Affair together leads to some odd parallels.. troubled single mothers living in NYC brownstone, hiding a very disturbed, dangerous man in the basement because they feel guilty about his current situation… But outside of that, I was definitely screaming for Carrie to say I Love you. Helen not so much… Reply AJJJ says: January 22, 2017 at 11:42 PM Yes! I was doing the exact same thing! Reply Slee says: January 23, 2017 at 4:12 AM I was thinking the same thing. Reply Jax says: January 23, 2017 at 10:21 AM How about red-headed Frannies on Homeland and Shameless? Reply AJJJ says: January 22, 2017 at 11:44 PM So far it’s my least favorite season. Hope it picks up and Quinn will pick up his talking speed lol Reply funnibone31 says: January 23, 2017 at 4:54 AM The good news is, in the last scene, Quinn was lucid, talking normally, and even looked more like himself. Fingers crossed for a shower next week! Reply Alichat says: January 23, 2017 at 7:25 AM Yes! When he touched her arm and said ‘Just play it’, that was the first time he sounded like old Quinn to me. Such a small moment, but it just sounded like him. What I couldn’t decipher was his expression when she left the room and he’s listening to her walk back upstairs. And yes…..shower and change clothes….seriously. Reply Mark Lento says: January 23, 2017 at 8:56 AM Boy, the idiot liberal writers really got ahead of themselves this time…HA HA !!! Had been a big fan of the show until this season when the wheels feel off with the “first female President” theme and now the show feels like a joke!!!…The liberals sure didn’t see the Trump Presidency coming did they…It definitely would’ve made for a better season anyway… Reply Jackie says: January 23, 2017 at 7:29 PM Exactly! PC has come to Homeland. And the current Hollywood theme of poor misunderstood Muslims being harassed by the evil FBI…Just waiting for them to bring in the obligatory Russian thugs. I hope they don’t ruin this show too! Reply Wendy says: January 23, 2017 at 10:32 AM While I am hoping Quinn gets more involved in the spy crafting, I am riveted to see what Quinn will do next- so much tension watching him; love that he’s funny too. Glad to see Max.Hope to see Virgil soon. Saul seems a bit too easily played by both Carrie and Dar; hope he’s holding back some cards too. Reply See More Comments Today's Hottest Stories 1Quantico Recap: [Spoiler] Is a Terrorist — and Soon 'You Will Be, Too' 2ABC Orders Good Doctor Pilot From House EP, Five-0's Daniel Dae Kim 3Days of Our Lives: 6 Ways to Save and Safeguard NBC's Last Daytime Soap 4Oscar Nominations 2017 Live Stream: Watch Announcements and Weigh In 5Days of Our Lives: Dena Higley Out as Head Writer, GH Vet Ron Carlivati In Most Commented 1Women's March: Did Supergirl Star 'Steel' the Sign-Making Show?165 2SNL Writer Suspended for Controversial Tweet About Donald Trump's Son104 3SNL: Watch Aziz Ansari's Powerful Donald Trump Monologue and More98 4Flash/Supergirl Musical Episode Stages Glee Reunion, Casts Darren…94 5Supergirl Director Kevin Smith Previews 'Beautiful' Alex/Maggie…92 What to Watch Tonight 08:00 P M The Flash 09:00 P M Bull 09:00 P M The New Edition Story 09:00 P M DC's Legends of Tomorrow Full Story Our Team Michael Ausiello The Leftovers' Final Season Gets Premiere Date… Matt Webb Mitovich Supergirl's Kara and Mon-El: TVLine Debates, 'How… Kimberly Roots The Librarians Renewed for Season 4 Andy Swift Supergirl's Kara and Mon-El: TVLine Debates, 'How… Dave Nemetz The Crown: Matthew Goode to Romance [Spoiler] in… Vlada Gelman Supergirl's Kara and Mon-El: TVLine Debates, 'How… Michael Slezak Winter TV Preview: Your Scoop-Filled Guide to 30+… Warner Bros. Centralizes Entertainment Technology Operations… WorldStarHipHop Founder Lee O'Denat Tragically Dies In His Sleep… Sundance Film Review: 'Marjorie Prime' The Netherlands sent President Trump a welcome video and it's… NFL Star J.J. Watt's New Reebok Shoe Drops at Midnight on Jan. 24 About Us Advertise Contact Us Newsletter Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights The Power of Content Copyright © 2017 TVLine Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad Post to Cancel  
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 3:46 P.M. ET Updated Trump and the bulls look to rip a hole in oil prices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at record highs New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Computers/Electronics The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Samsung blames battery suppliers for Galaxy Note 7 problems By Timothy W. Martin and Eun-Young Jeong Published: Jan 22, 2017 9:19 p.m. ET Share Overheating causes 2.5 million devices to be recalled Getty Images A Samsung Galaxy Note 7. By TimothyW. Martin Eun-YoungJeong SEOUL — Samsung Electronics Co. 005930, +0.26%   blamed the overheating of its premium Galaxy Note 7 smartphones on manufacturing and battery design problems at two of its suppliers, the South Korean smartphone giant’s most comprehensive attempt to explain the costly and embarrassing recall of 2.5 million devices last year. In a release, Samsung said Monday that “batteries were found to be the cause.” Two independent investigators found that batteries provided by a Samsung affiliate overheated due to pressure on the right corner of the battery, the company said, while those batteries in the replacement devices had a “fused bump.” The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that the problems pointed to a battery that didn’t fit into its phone casing, and to manufacturing flaws related to intensified production. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Will augmented reality or virtual reality win?(3:11) Augmented and virtual reality are growing into multi-billion-dollar businesses that will transform how users shop, work and communicate. Intel, HTC, Lenovo and Alphabet showed their latest innovations at CES in Las Vegas. Also popular on WSJ.com: White House disputes inauguration attendance estimates, despite evidence to the contrary. The fitness shift that should worry every gym owner. More from MarketWatch ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left Wine in a Blender? Tricks to Make a Bottle of Wine Taste Better This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Quote References 005930 +5,000.00 +0.26% Most Popular The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like The ‘housing culture war’ reignites over $42 a month MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩1,908,000.00 +5,000.00 (+0.26%) Volume 221.0K Open ₩1,906,000 High ₩1,929,000 Low ₩1,894,000 P/E Ratio 14.62 Div Yield 0.1 Market Cap 298.6T LatestNews
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the ‘value of the technology we have invented’ Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the ‘value of the technology we have invented’ January 21, 2017 Peter Cao 2 Comments Yesterday, Apple filed suit against Qualcomm for its anticompetitive licensing practices. Now, the chipmaker has responded by saying Apple’s claims are “baseless” and encourages “regulatory attacks.” Here’s Qualcomm’s full statement: “While we are still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it is quite clear that Apple’s claims are baseless. Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits,” said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel, Qualcomm Incorporated. Up until 2016 with the iPhone 7, Qualcomm was the sole supplier for the LTE chips found in the iPhone. With the latest iPhone, in addition to Qualcomm, Intel began manufacturing LTE chips for the iPhone. Apple says that Qualcomm forced the company to use its chip and pay back a percentage of the phone’s selling price in return to access its patents. Tags: iPhone, LTE, LTE chips, Qualcomm About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Rumor: Apple to add group FaceTime calls in iOS 11 KGI: Apple exploring facial recognition and two-step Touch ID for iPhone 8 → Irfan I never thought that apple will go that cheap .. a d00d Yeah, a cool G…for GigaDollar is remarkably cheap for the Evil Empire of Cupertino! OTOH, after reading both articles, Apple may actually have a point as Qualcomm is well known for attacking anyone and everyone like a patent troll, but in their case they own something like a third to half the patents to most everything electronic you use every day! (And they did develop them.) The most telling example of how extreme it is is that Qualcomm and others’ patents are why the Chinese developed TD-LTE. At the end of the day, though, it’s all about the pot calling the kettle black. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Qualcomm says Apple has misunderstood the 'value of the technology we have invented'2 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models3 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Apple Pay adds a dozen new banks and credit unions in several countries1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 Supply chain rumor suggests Apple Pencil 2 will launch alongside iPad Pro this year1 Looking Back: Here Are My Top 6 Apps3 PhoneDog USB-C Solutions for Your MacBook Pro! LG and Google's Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches reportedly appear in leaked images LG G6 image leak gives a peek at the front of the upcoming Android flagship AT&T launching International Day Pass to simplify using your phone overseas OnePlus 3T 64GB Gunmetal will be offered with immediate dispatch ZTE says it made a 'mistake' with crowdsourced Hawkeye, asks for suggestions to improve it Android Instant Apps now in live testing Android And Me LG G6 rumored to include Snapdragon New leaks show LG G6, LG and Google’s ZTE apologizes about making Project LG may use Google Assistant on upcoming OnePlus 3T 64GB in gunmetal now in stock Google starting limited testing of Android TmoNews LG G6 appears in leaked image ahead MetroPCS kicks off free phone offer Samsung Galaxy Note 7 investigation T-Mobile One plan now all-in, KickBack T-Mobile Tuesdays will begin letting Samsung to reveal cause of Galaxy Note T-Mobile’s BlackBerry Priv and LG PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
