MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Army Live Blog MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Technology will change way Army fights, 'unburden' the soldier, say leaders By David VergunOctober 14, 2016 1 / 1 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Network and cyber modernization are big deals for the Army. Shown here, a brigade tactical operations center, or command post, supports the Army Network Integration Evaluation to support Soldier readiness in 2015 at Fort Bliss, Texas. (Photo Credit: (Photo Credit U.S. Army)) VIEW ORIGINAL WASHINGTON (Army News Service) -- The way ahead on modernization will involve everything from autonomous vehicles to artificial intelligence, Army leaders said at a panel in October. Speaking at the Association of the United States Army Annual Meeting and Exposition, each of the leaders linked the Army's modernization efforts to its overal goal of readiness. ASA(ALT) PERSPECTIVE Asked how technology will change the way the Army fights, acting assistant secretary of the Army Katharina G. McFarland called the Soldier "our primary weapon." The role of technology, she said, would be to unburden the soldier. McFarland said the Army's new Rapid Capabilities Office and other acquisition methods that streamline the process will enable new technologies to come to the fore. "We need to make him able to spend more time thinking rather than doing," she said. "We need to think about how we create an environment that allows him to have an extension of himself. Those things are related to autonomy." By autonomy, she meant the unmanned ground and aerial systems that can extend a Soldier's reach on the battlefield. In her remarks, McFarland listed a host of technology-enabled goals that the Army has already set out to accomplish: -- Enable formations to "aggregate and disaggregate quickly." -- Improve overmatch in electronic warfare. -- Lessen the logistics and maintenance burden. -- Equip Soldiers with complete network and communications gear. -- Ensure that Soldiers have immediate and accurate positioning and navigation data in contested environments. -- Implement strategies to remove the cyber capabilities of adversaries. G-2 PERSPECTIVE According to Lt. Gen. Robert P. Ashley Jr., deputy chief of staff, G-2, the Army has over the last decade, "been very additive" in terms of providing sensors and communications data for the Soldier. "It's almost become a burden," he said. The key to modernization for the Soldier, he said, will be to unburden him from some of that flood of data by "placing it on a machine" that can process the data and use it to provide the Soldier with meaningful solutions. That, he said, can be accomplished through machine learning and artificial intelligence systems. Another area that needs improving, Ashley said, is information sharing with coalition partners. Currently, much of the data that is collected goes to U.S.-only systems. "When you think of all the [data] collection that you bring in when you process, exploit, and disseminate that information, it's important that you can get it in near-real time to coalition partners and coalition users," he continued. The solution to exchanging information with coalition partners, he said, is to "federate" the intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance data. Federation, he explained, means requiring common data standards and processes to ensure that the many unique systems used by coalition partners can communicate with one another. Another area the general said could use improvement is the realm of social media. "When you look at all the things that come in through social media, how do you track them?" Ashley said. "How do you look for a trend? How do you receive warnings?" The general cited, as an example, people congregating in Tahrir Square in Cairo during the Arab Spring. At the time, intelligence agencies had no way of seeing or measuring what was going on, he said. Had there been a way to track the chatter on social media being used by those who assembled, a clearer picture of what was going on would have emerged. G-4 PERSPECTIVE Lt. Gen. Gustave F. Perna, who served as the deputy chief of staff, G-4 until September and now serves commander of the Army Materiel Command, said the Army's acquisition and requirements processes must be streamlined. When it comes to acquisition, few people realize that 70 percent of the cost of a weapon or equipment system comes from sustainment, he said. Just a small part of the cost comes from the research, development and purchase. According to Perna, the solution is "more alignment between the requirements, generators and acquisition process early-on in teaming." Even before the acquisition process begins, he said, there should be sufficient Soldier testing to ensure the system is the right fit for the Soldier. Asked to name the top three sustainment challenges the Army faces today, Perna replied, "First and foremost, we need to be able to maintain our own equipment on the battlefield." To do that, the Army must own the intellectual property rights, rather than depend on contractors, he said. Soldiers must also be properly trained to maintain their own equipment, he added, and the Army must be prepared to counter enemy cyber threats to the supply chain. RELATED LINKS Army News Service ARNEWS email subscription signup ARNEWS Archieves Army.mil: North America News RELATED STORIES October 31, 2016Acquisition official who set Army procurement, modernization on track set to retire October 26, 2016AWA 17.1: Increasing the pace of battle in a coalition environment October 17, 2016Coalition supports ISF Mosul offensive October 13, 2016A Ready Acquisition Workforce October 11, 2016Army researcher witnesses human impact of modernization October 11, 2016Network modernization focuses on integration to enable readiness October 17, 2016Under Secretary shares insight at TACOM acquisition conference October 5, 2016AMC commander addresses Army modernization at AUSA October 31, 2016The Evolution of the Army Warfighting Assessment November 1, 2016Leveraging enterprise data systems to estimate sustainment requirements in Europe October 17, 2016Soldier-led Army Warfighting Assessment Exercise kicks off CSA's Force 2025 Maneuvers initiative Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA Social Sharing
(IN)SECURE Magazine About us Contact Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Don't miss: Traveling on business? Beware of targeted spying on mobile Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments Are you ready for the EU GDPR? Get our Top Stories to your inbox   Featured news Traveling on business? Beware of targeted spying on mobile Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments Are you ready for the EU GDPR? Millions of job seekers’ info exposed via easily accessible database backups How to prepare your company for cybersecurity threats Researchers set to work on malware-detecting CPUs SMBs risk data security by using free cloud storage New infosec products of the week​: November 11, 2016 Malicious spam volume hits two year high The cybersecurity gap between IT capabilities and business expectations A checklist for people who understand cyber security Telecrypt ransomware uses Telegram for command and control Help Net SecurityOctober 11, 2016 The impact of intelligent systems on IT teams Learn the 13 Questions You Must Ask Your Bot Mitigation Vendor to Secure Your Website Fast track deployment of intelligent systems is well underway, according to Ipswitch. 88% of IT professionals saying their organisation has already invested in one or more intelligent solutions, from bots, through smart business applications, to full-blown expert systems. The study also shows that 78% of IT professionals are struggling with assessing the full extent of the challenges and threats of deploying intelligent systems themselves, and managing the impact of broader intelligent technology use across their industries and customer bases. 19% report it being ‘extremely hard’ to assess the threats and challenges, and 59% report it as a ‘challenge’. The independent global study, carried out by analyst firm Freeform Dynamics explores the fast-paced adoption of intelligent machines and business systems (machines and software with decision making and learning capabilities) in the commercial world. Adoption of intelligent systems is increasingly seen as a key competitive marketplace differentiator, with 35% of IT decision makers already saying the ability to exploit intelligent systems is critical to enabling their business to compete successfully over the next three years. Three quarters of respondents (75%) are utilising intelligent systems to marshal and manage increasingly complex networks and IT system infrastructures. The research shows that: 20% are using autonomous bots and electronic assistants to help staff or customers interact with systems more naturally – a further 27% plan to do so in the next year Over a quarter (26%) already have IoT initiatives underway – and 29% have deployments on the horizon 28% are utilising expert decision support systems to optimise how professional staff work – 35% will introduce these soon. Managing the complexity of intelligent systems on the network Despite the fact that many IT professionals acknowledge the significant commercial and operational benefits of intelligent systems, and the way adoption is trending among partners, competitors and customers, they are concerned about the ability of IT teams to counter the potential risks such technologies pose: Over half (54%) say their current analysis and visualisation capabilities will struggle to keep up with the broader march of intelligent systems 55% say their ability to visualise data in a clear and actionable manner falls short of what they need Almost three quarters (71%) say that making sense of logs and other event data generated is proving extremely demanding. Over a third (39%) also recognise that, regardless of their firm’s plans to use intelligent systems, the impact of other organisations’ use will be a major consideration for their own infrastructure. For instance: One in five (20%) say that increased activity from third party bots, agents and IoT accessing systems is already making it hard to monitor, track and govern systems and 42% say they believe it is a future risk One fifth (20%) say that increased ‘noise’ on the network is already making it harder to detect malicious activity 17% say that automated or bot traffic creates network quality of service issues 20% also say that automated or bot access to APIs is already causing system or application performance issues. Future proofing the network “The study findings show that out of date monitoring approaches are adding to the risk management burden experienced by IT professionals. Less than a third (28%) of respondents had strong and future proof monitoring, analysis and management tools in place to help manage the impact of intelligent systems, and just a quarter (25%) were confident about the capabilities of their performance monitoring and operational analytics tools. Meanwhile, less than a fifth (18%) said their ability to manage the identities of internet-connected ‘things’ was strong and future proofed,” said Rob Farmer, EMEA Senior Director Partner and Alliances at Ipswitch. “Today’s IT professionals are struggling to keep up with the fast-paced rate of technological changes and formulating relevant strategies and plans to tackle the impact of intelligent systems is proving a make or break challenge. IT teams should strive to monitor bandwidth usage by application, user and device to determine how much is used by each entity and whether it is for authorised purposes or not. Deploying proactive monitoring and visualisation tools for high priority assets, with threshold alerts for critical resources, is becoming a must for assuring the availability and reliability of mission-critical networks, servers and business applications in the face of an unending wave of new technologies that require increasingly large amounts of high quality bandwidth,” Farmer concluded. Tags Ipswitch survey A checklist for people who understand cyber security Telecrypt ransomware uses Telegram for command and control GDPR privacy, preparations and understanding Signal Protocol’s crypto core has no major flaws, researchers find TrickBot banking Trojan is the next big threat Spot light Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments What's New Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments Are you ready for the EU GDPR? Traveling on business? Beware of targeted spying on mobile Millions of job seekers’ info exposed via easily accessible database backups The cybersecurity gap between IT capabilities and business expectations Share this article US officially accuses Russia of hacking to influence presidential election The impact of intelligent systems on IT teams SOC 2 + HITRUST: Evolving infosec demands in healthcare Don't miss Traveling on business? Beware of targeted spying on mobile Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments Are you ready for the EU GDPR? Millions of job seekers’ info exposed via easily accessible database backups How to prepare your company for cybersecurity threats Researchers set to work on malware-detecting CPUs SMBs risk data security by using free cloud storage A checklist for people who understand cyber security Telecrypt ransomware uses Telegram for command and control Will security concerns negatively impact the online holiday shopping season? GDPR privacy, preparations and understanding Tesco Bank hack shows that attackers continue to follow easy money   Newsletters Subscribe to get regular updates from Help Net Security. The weekly newsletter contains a selection of the best stories, while the daily newsletter highlights all the latest headlines! Email address: List Choice Weekly newsletter Daily newsletter subscribe Start News Malware Articles Reviews Events Copyright 1998-2016 by Help Net Security Read our privacy policy About us Advertise Design by FatDUX Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Copyright 1998-2016 by Help Net Security | Read our privacy policy | About us | Advertise Design by FatDUX
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Whitepapers Search for: Home » Innovation » Social Artificial Intelligence: the possibilities and the threats posed AI: the possibilities and the threats posed Feature 14 October 2016 Both the UK Government and the White House released reports this week looking at the future of AI, both with positive and negative conclusions COMMENT as many as 25 to 40 million jobs globally will disappear as a direct result of extreme automation and extreme connectivity, with the greatest losses occurring in white-collar office and administrative roles Nick Ismail Artificial intelligence, and technology in general, will have a crucial role to play in society’s progress, that is the view of the UK and American governments anyway. This Thursday President Obama announced at the first White House Frontier Conference that more than $300 million in funding, through partnerships, will be released for tech innovations that will improve healthcare, develop smart cities and enhance America’s space ambition. “We may be in a slightly different period now, simply because of the pervasive applicability of AI and other technologies,” said President Obama in a video shown at the start of the conference. President Obama believes AI, in particular, will be able to help solve the biggest crises that face the world, such as disease, famine, climate change and economic inequality. Others, like Tesla CEO Elon Musk, suggest AI’s rise will be the biggest threat to the survival of the human race. The White House Frontier Conference In line with the Frontier Conference the White House released a 48-page report this week featuring 24 recommendations for how the government can be involved in an increasingly AI-powered future, as well as ways to regulate the budding technology. The report highlighted that more investment in the technology across all levels of government is needed, including funding STEM education to have a prepared workforce, advanced research projects, local grants and new federal infrastructure. >See also: When will AI bots replace virtual assistants? However, both reports from the UK and US came with a warning. As AI technology expands and integrates into daily processes, low-skilled workers may be at risk of losing their jobs. “High-skill folks do very well in these systems, and can leverage their talents and interface with machines to extend their reach, sales, products, and services,” said President Obama. “Low-wage, low-skill individuals become more and more redundant, and their jobs may not be replaced, but wages will be suppressed.” The UK’s view on AI Fundamentally both the UK and US governments agree that AI has a huge, important role to play in moving humankind forward. The fact both reports were released the same week is significant according to David Gosen, managing director and SVP International at Rocket Fuel. It “highlights two key aspects: Firstly, the focus on a global level that AI is set to revolutionise the way we work and live. Secondly, how it polarises opinion between job threats and advancement in society and industry.” However, its progress must be monitored with new stringent regulations in place. Policy must keep up with technology. MPs on the Science and Technology Committee have called for careful scrutiny of the probable ethical, legal and societal impact of the accelerating use of AI. Acting Science and Technology Committee chairwoman Dr Tania Mathias said: “Artificial intelligence has some way to go before we see systems and robots as portrayed in films like Star Wars.” “At present, ‘AI machines’ have narrow and specific roles, such as in voice-recognition or playing the board game Go.” >See also: 3 ways artificial intelligence is transforming e-commerce “But science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades.” “It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field, but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligent systems begins now.” The threat to jobs One of the main issues identified by both governments is the threat AI poses to low-skilled jobs. As technologies advance they will transform the workplace and menial tasks, and non-routine jobs will become digitalised through robotics and process automation. Indeed, in the White House’s report it predicts that artificial intelligence and robotics will replace some jobs, with low-skilled and medium-skilled workers most at risk. Similarly, the Science and Technology Committee believes that individuals will have to learn new skills in the face of AI taking their jobs. Dr Mathias said: “It is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others.” “Since we cannot yet foresee exactly how these changes will play out, we must respond with a readiness to re-skill and up-skill.” “This requires a commitment by the government to ensure that our education and training systems are flexible, so that they can adapt as opportunities and demands on the workforce change.” >See also: The rise of the machine: AI, the future of security A survey carried out by OpenText in May this year established the UK public’s view on the matter. It found that 42% of Brits believe their job could be replaced by a robot by 2066, whilst a 25% think this could happen within the next 10 years. 1 in 10 25-34 year olds believe their role could be replaced by a robot as soon as 2018. There is an inherent fear of AI that pervades human consciousness, perhaps created by exaggerated Hollywood blockbusters like The Terminator. But in reality this notion of robots taking over the world is a fantasy, and even the possibility of AI encroaching on jobs is not a doomsday scenario. It opens up possibilities. The digital revolution Mark Barrenechea, CEO of enterprise information management leaders OpenText explained that the “Digital Revolution will bring an increasing reliance on self-service technology, machine-to-machine communication (M2M) and artificial intelligence.” “We shouldn’t fear this disruption. M2M communications will enable machines to process data and make decisions based on this data as we move toward more intelligent, cognitive systems. In many cases, the intelligence these systems deliver will be more accurate, immediate and safer than humanly capable.” “The economic impact of digital is vast. Businesses that use the internet tend to grow more quickly, export two times as much as those that don’t, and create more than twice as many jobs. Yet many companies are off to a poor start on the journey toward digital transformation. While organisations are taking advantage of digital technologies, many economies remain digitally immature. This means that the ability to unlock the value of digital is far from being realised.” This view is inline with the White House’s, which suggests AI can benefit the economy and address economic inequality. >See also: From intellect to intuition: what happens when we humanise AI systems? Going further, David Lavenda,VP of product strategy at harmon.ie, sees AI as a positive for the some workers. ‘The practical application of AI as the technology currently exists is to work in conjunction with humans to make jobs and lives easier by assisting decision making through the surfacing of operational intelligence.’ ‘In the enterprise AI will not replace workers in the near future.’ Lavenda suggests AI in 2017 will help employees work smarter rather than replacing them. Machines will continue to need human input and direction. However, this view is not inclusive of low-skilled, or rather workers jobs that could easily be replaced by AI in the near future. What about taxi drivers, lorry drivers, insurance clerks or call centre staff? Barrenechea stipulates, “as many as 25 to 40 million jobs globally will disappear as a direct result of extreme automation and extreme connectivity, with the greatest losses occurring in white-collar office and administrative roles”. In its report the White House did not come up with a solution to this problem, and perhaps the answer should be to focus on upskilling every generation from now, as partially proposed by the Science and Technology Committee. Ethically it is problematic: does society halt technological progress and increasing possibilities to save millions of low-skilled jobs? It is a difficult question. But looking at history, progress and forward-thinking usually triumph. What exactly the future holds for the role of AI and other technologies in society is unclear. It will certainly be transformative, probably for the good, but it must be rigorously monitored, with the each generation technologically-able, to make sure an oppressive digital divide isn’t created. Related Topics AI artificial intelligence Digital divide digital skills Low-skilled jobs Science and Technology Committee The White House Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Read More Latest Popular How mobility leaders are driving modern businesses How Industry 4.0 is changing human-technology interaction The secret cyber-life of 10 year olds UK public sector increase in cloud use Future tech trends: these technologies will transform businesses The path to manageable data Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan Turning big data into high-class insights Rolling into the digital age: inside Rolls-Royce’s tech transformation Products Information Age Magazine Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Home Community News Community Calendar Obituaries Distribution Points Subscribe Advertise About Contact « Rumored Hype on World Best Writers Discovered The system of organisation expansion » Artificial intelligence: can it at any time take a location of human mind? Artificial intelligence: can it at any time take a location of human mind? The debate concerning whether or not Synthetic Intelligence (AI) can change human intelligence appears to have been likely on for a while with every faculty of thought advancing a number of good reasons. There is no question that synthetic intelligence will essentially switch the way human beings undertake facts in upcoming. Even as there was a typical consensus about the capabilities of AI in shifting just how human beings undertake functions, experts have disagreed on the extent to which AI will improve matters during the upcoming. In this regard, these authors have argued the organic intelligence in human beings is determined by unconscious instincts versus aware symbolic manipulation of AI units. These expertise could in no way be captured by official guidelines in AI systems. With this paper, I speak about the positions by both equally educational facilities of thought. The rest within the paper is organized as follows: To begin with, AI is d defined to provide an general perspective on its marriage when using the human brain. Second, motives why AI can switch human thoughts could be offered. 3rd, purposes why AI cannot change human mind will probably be introduced and at last a conclusion shall be developed. AI could possibly be described given that the progression of machine solutions that happen to be in a position to undertake actions that demand human intelligence (Bostrom & Yudkowsky, 2013). These activities include visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. In simple terms, AI is the intelligence that might be put into the machines to enable the machines function the way human beings do. According to Dietrich (2014) , for any intelligence to be acquired and used by human beings or machines, the human head or the machine has to be taught very first. For instance, a human brain, which is genetically created to categorize elements needs to see several examples of animals before it can differentiate between cats and dogs. The development and evolution of AI has reached a point where some experts have begun to argue that AI can exchange human minds. Others have argued that AI will not ever swap human mind despite the abilities of AI in transforming the way in which human beings undertake functions. According to Hutter (2012), synthetic intelligence techniques can actually think and have a genuine head the way human beings do. Such methods need not only to have simulated intelligence, but really intelligent entities that have been modeled in machines to assist these machines work and think how human brain does. Hutter argued that computers are generally seen as useful tools to study the thoughts, allowing the empirical testing of models from the head. For such machines to equal the processing power of human beings, experts have to develop AI devices that match the processing power of a human brain on the long term. This is a possibility basing in brain that the processing capabilities of hardware devices have been increasing exponentially. The association between AI and human thoughts is not without controversy, however. Various scholars have argued that there isn’t a way AI solutions will equal the processing power belonging to the human brain. According to Bostrom & Yudkowsky (2013), the all-natural intelligence in human beings varies according to unconscious instincts versus the conscious symbolic manipulation of AI systems. Such expertise can don’t be captured by formal policies that can be usually employed in AI systems. Bostrom & Yudkowsky posits that the unconscious instincts in human beings are God-given healthy intelligence which can rarely be replicated in computers. Some roles that necessitate unconscious instincts may don’t be handled by AI devices. These roles include teaching, creative arts, professional sports, quality assurance and health (Dietrich, 2014). Strong arguments by the two of schools of considered on regardless if AI programs can switch human head has long been offered. One university of assumed believes that AI can replace the human brain even when another college believes AI can certainly not consider the position of human intellect. There’s no question that artificial intelligence will basically alter just how human beings undertake things in future. Despite the capabilities of AI in long run, AI programs will by no means http://essays.expert swap human mind. This is because the all natural intelligence in human beings relies on unconscious instincts versus aware symbolic manipulation of AI units. Such techniques can rarely be captured by official rules that will be usually employed in AI devices. This entry was posted on Friday, October 14th, 2016 at 1:37 am and is filed under Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Responses are currently closed, but you can trackback from your own site. Comments are closed.   ©2013. All rights reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Beauty Fashion Health Cookery Insync Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Spirituality Tools Photos Videos Fashion Store हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home Health Beauty Insync Fashion Cookery Relationship Spirituality Pregnancy n Parenting Home n Garden Fashion Store Photos Videos Socail Share Mail Facebook Twitter gplus Home » Relationship » Beyond Love »Is The Average Man Stupid? Is The Average Man Stupid? By: Praveen Kumar Published: Friday, October 14, 2016, 8:24 [IST] Subscribe to Boldsky When you are young, you would surely dream of having a boyfriend who is extraordinary. You want him to be rich, intelligent, handsome, and muscular and so on. There is nothing wrong in having high expectations and trying to make your dreams come true. And if you are lucky enough, you may even find such a man! But is the average person stupid? How stupid is the average person? Well, many relationship experts have finally concluded that average men are more stable than the guys who are extraordinary, over intelligent, rich or famous. Now, it is up to you. But of course, it doesn't mean that any average person is okay to marry. This post only helps you to see the positive side of average men but it doesn't mean that any average person is okay to live with as many other factors apply. Read on... Point #1 Average people are easy to get along with. They don't have airs like the rich guys or intelligent guys. So they don't give you tough time to start a conversation with. Point #2 Average people have smaller egos. So, you don't need to bend your head down. In fact, would you like someone to dominate you? Men who think they are supermen try to dominate their women. May be an average guy is better, think again. Point #3 Average people forgive easily. So, if you have done a mistake, a headstrong guy would blame and complain till the next 10 years but an average man will just put it aside the next moment as he has seen a life that has its own ups and downs. Point #4 Average people have lesser expectations. So, he doesn't expect much from you. He may never expect you to be beautiful or smart or rich. He will just treat you as a good human being. Point #5 Average people may not cheat. As he is happy with you, he may not look elsewhere. But a handsome or intelligent guy who has extraordinary capabilities may feel good when other women check him out. Point #6 Average people never betray you. They stick to a partner for as long as possible as they are happy with whatever they got. But a guy who thinks he is the next James Bond may easily cheat you. Point #7 Average people will trust you. They may not suspect you and may give you more space. But a narcissistic egotistic guy may suspect you even if you open the window for fresh air. Read more about: love, romance, relationship, dating Other articles published on Oct 14, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... 3 Kitchen Ingredients Can Treat Asthma Better Than Medicines! This Ancient Home Remedy Can Regulate Your Thyroid Hormones! Signs You Are Starving In Your Relationship Featured Posts Subscribe Newsletter Recommended Editor's Choice Signs He's A Boy Not A Man Awkward Things That Could Occur When You Sleep In His Place For The First Time Signs You Are Starving In Your Relationship Should I Defend My Mom Or My Wife? Love Vs. Money How To Project Your Girl To Parents Why Do We Miss Someone In Their Absence? Why Women Seem To Be More Emotional + Show More Health, Beauty, Fashion, Relationship, Cookery Now answers to all your lifestyle queries are 2 steps away Receive lifetime benefits of our free newsletter No thanks, I'm better off solving my lifestyle issues myself   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
null
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 14, 2016 2:38 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement The Frontiers Conference: what did it accomplish? October 16, 2016 12:00 AM Michael Henninger/Post-Gazette NASA Astronaut Dr. Serena Auñón-Chancellor, left, and Boeing representative Daniel Nelson, right, guide President Barack Obama as he tries out a spacecraft flight and docking simulator inside the exhibition hall at the University of Pittsburgh for the White House Frontiers Conference. By Sean D. Hamill / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette A lot of big brains came to Pittsburgh this week for the White House-hosted Frontiers Conference, creating what the United States’ chief technology officer Megan Smith called “a big American barn-raising” of ideas. But will anything tangible come out of all of those certainly interesting and educational panels, speeches and roundtables? Participants say yes, though you might not be able to notice anything right away. “It is kind of too early to see that because it just happened,” said Debra Lam, the city of Pittsburgh’s chief innovation and performance officer, who led a roundtable during Thursday’s Local track, one of five sessions at the conference. “I do think the communication will continue and we can hopefully follow through with action on the visions for the future we heard.” It is not even clear whether there will be another conference like it in the future, despite U.S. Transportation Sec. Anthony Foxx’s labeling it “the inaugural White House Frontiers Conference” during a panel on Thursday. “Regardless of what form it takes, there is a real need to continue to have these multi-sectional conversations,” said Tom Kalil, deputy director for technology and innovation in the White House’s Office for Science and Technology Policy. But a big part of President Barack Obama’s hope was to provide some energy — if not some funding, which he also announced during the conference — to keep that work going, Mr. Kalil said. “Part of what the president does in conferences like this is he also calls for an all-hands-on-deck approach,” he said. “We hope this helped maintain the level of energy and excitement in these innovations.” Cristin Dorgelo, chief of staff for the Office of Science and Technology, said one definite outcome of the conference will be a follow-up report in the coming months on the artificial intelligence report that was released this past week, and reactions to it during the conference. “The follow-up will look deep into those questions and reflect on all the different views were heard on it,” she said. Mr. Kalil said one of the repeated themes during the five sessions at the conference — Personal, Local, National, Global and Interplanetary — was concerns about the perils of the technological advances we are experiencing, such as loss of jobs to technology, as well as why some segments of our nation don’t have access to all the innovations we already have. Part of the impact of the conference will be to “make sure those diverse set of views [about the perils and shortcomings] are at the table” in future conversations, said Ms. Dorgelo. There are some direct benefits to Pittsburgh from the conference, though those benefits may not seem as obvious now. “We don’t often showcase ourselves in that kind of light” like the conference did, Ms. Lam said, “and this was our chance to do that.” “I don’t think it’s fair yet to say ‘This conference resulted in these five key investments,’ or ‘This meeting will take place,’ ’’ she said. “But we’ve done the hard work to position us for a whole new level of attention” in the technology world. At least one tangible benefit appears to be coming Pittsburgh’s way. A nonprofit organization in New York City, All Star Code, which trains young men of color to learn how to write computer code, is now looking to expand to Pittsburgh, said its founder and executive director, Christina Lewis Halpern. “It was a little bit of kismet with the White House Frontiers Conference coming to Pittsburgh,” said Ms. Lewis Halpern, who was one of the invited guests of the conference. “We already had a short, internal list of cities we wanted to expand to and Pittsburgh was on it. “But coming there and seeing the connections between the philanthropic and education communities and seeing how they connected with national organizations and STEM organizations, that impressed me.” It helped that the Local track she chose to sit through Thursday morning allowed her to see and meet Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto and Ms. Lam, who both told her they were interested in helping her find partners and funding. Ms. Lewis Halpern said if all goes well and she gets everything in place over the winter, All Star Code could set up a coding camp for summer 2017. If that is not tangible enough, Alexis Chidi, the University of Pittsburgh medical student who introduced Mr. Obama at Thursday’s plenary session, said she emerged more hopeful and energized. “I went to the Local track, and it was not directly health related, but I met a lot of people doing really, really cool stuff who I might work with in the future,” she said, “maybe in a new future we haven’t even thought of yet.” Sean D. Hamill: shamill@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2579 or Twitter: @SeanDHamill Related Media: Peduto: Burst of conferences means opportunity for Pittsburgh President Obama speaks at White House Frontiers Conference Frontiers Conference to draw Obama, top scientists and researchers to Pittsburgh today White House to award $300M in new initiatives at Pittsburgh conference Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar #RussiaFail · #RussiaLies · Information Warfare · Russia Kurt Eichenwald: “Please, Media, Be Aware Of How Russian Disinformation Campaigns Work” October 14, 2016 Joel Harding Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald Posted By Tim Hains On Date October 13, 2016 Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald discusses Agitprop with MSNBC’s Chris Matthews. KURT EICHENWALD, NEWSWEEK: Recently, the intelligence agencies and former intelligence agency directors have been putting out a lot of information saying, please, media, please be aware of what’s going on. Please be aware of how Russian disinformation campaigns work. One of the big things that a recent letter, came out October 6, was laid out. You will have information, really good valid information. Then it will start to change and be manipulated. And then as you get near to an election, a major piece of disinformation will be leaked and there will be no time to counter it. CHRIS MATTHEWSl This is agitprop, this is Lenin stuff… Anything that advances the cause of the Communist Party is what we do. Is the Kremlin, is it your understanding, they still go with that ethic, screwing up elections to the advantage of someody they may dislike less than the other person. EICHENWALD: They’ve done it in Estonia, they’ve done it in Ukraine, the Netherlands, they have a done in it Germany and now they’re doing it here. Some of the intelligence people I’m talking to are saying there is a question evolving on what is going on with Vladimir Putin? I mean, he is getting actually quite reckless. Source: http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/10/13/kurt_eichenwald_please_be_aware_of_how_russian_disinformation_campaigns_work.html Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... #RussiaFail #RussiaLies CounterPropaganda information warfare Russia Russian propaganda Post navigation Previous Post World Socialist Web Site.Org Is A Classic Russian Disinformation Site Next Post What Reagan can teach us about handling Russia Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets Russia in Decline toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/12/rus… https://t.co/2fqFoKL64q 1 day ago The Daily Vertical: Russia Is Not Immune toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/11/the… https://t.co/d8mtl7dsqf 2 days ago How Will Clinton’s EmailGate End With The Potomac Two-Step? toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/10/how… https://t.co/lKTDLty9mN 3 days ago Free Speech Has Limits, Especially When One Disagrees toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/10/fre… https://t.co/vVJ0iOMO4M 3 days ago The Daily Vertical: Watch This Cyberspace toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/10/the… https://t.co/Y1cFycSUaP 3 days ago Follow @joel_harding Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies from WordPress.com and selected partners. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
null
Follow @triplepundit 45.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Events Companies Vs Climate Change This event is intended for any professional at any company who is involved in the process of decreasing their company’s carbon footprint and is part of the effort to solve climate change. Ask about 3p discounts! register now Nov 30-Dec 2, Ft. Lauderdale Twitter Chat: #ForcedFashion with C&A Foundation Join C&A Foundation on December 5th where we’ll be looking at forced labor – an issue that still plagues supply chains around the world. register now Dec 5 on Twitter Twitter Chat: Waste Reduction with the Experts at Yum! Brands #YumCSR Join Yum! Brands to discuss how one of the world’s largest restaurant companies is focused on waste reduction in its stores and in the larger restaurant industry. register now Nov 17 on Twitter More Events… Close Special Series Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Sustainable Innovation In this series, we’ll explore what innovation means when it comes to product engineering. Sometimes a great idea can take decades to turn into a reality, and that’s a good thing. Sponsored by United Technologies Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health How Cotton Goes Beyond Fabric, Sustainably In this series we’ll explore the lesser-known uses of the versatile cotton plant, insights into its environmental impact, and its complex supply chain which extends from around the world to the couch you might be sitting on right now. Sponsored by Cotton Incorporated Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 25% OFF: Companies Vs Climate Change Conference discount code "P100COM". Register here. The Next CSR Challenge: Engaging in a Dialogue About Artificial Intelligence by Jim Pierobon on Friday, Oct 14th, 2016 Information Technology Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Products using artificial intelligence (AI) are creeping into our lives: in the home, online, at work, in the marketplace, in the doctor’s office. What if AI gets carried away, if it hasn’t already? Plenty of movies and books contemplate this. While those scenarios may be easy to dismiss, the consequences of what could happen are not. Unless it’s fully grasped for its benefits, companies that use AI are putting their brands at risk if society doesn’t adequately understand how it benefits from the technology. That’s my principal take-away from reading a relatively new book – “Connect, How Companies Succeed by Engaging Radically with Society.” I also spoke with two of its authors, former BP Chairman Lord John Browne and technology entrepreneur Tommy Stadlen. McKinsey & Co. partner Robin Nuttall also helped write the book. At the risk of over-simplification, the opportunities and challenges for businesses and governments deploying AI can be boiled down to one question: Do consumers trust how it’s being deployed? The answer to that question, Browne, Nuttall and Stadlen opine, will either propel AI forward or turn back the clock. In “Connect,” you’ll be reminded of German philosopher Georg Hegel, who said what “history teaches us is that people and governments have never learned anything from history.” Are the developers of AI listening? So, as it defines the future, will technology companies (and who isn’t one these days) learn from the past?  Will the new Google Home, Tesla’s driverless cars, Apple’s latest iPhone, GE’s new industrial machines, IBM’s Watson and Amazon’s Echo – to name just a few – continue building trust? Or could one or a series of missteps disrupt the rush to deploy and make money using AI? While that question may never be answered, it will be “the hot button issue,” at least for the next five years, Stadlen asserts. CBS’ 60 Minutes illuminated the same last Sunday. “There is a real fear of the leverage to do harm that technology represents,” Stadlen said. “People are wary of what big business will do with technology that is incredibly complex and unknown to consumers and regulators.” With all the advances digital applications are making, Stadlen said, it needs to do a much better job of explaining AI’s benefits to society. And to do that, corporate leaders must engage their stakeholders in radical ways that only a handful of companies have even contemplated, much less carried off successfully. Perhaps the biggest exposure to AI is the looming prospect of robots taking over a significantly new array of manual jobs.  McKinsey researchers say they found 40 percent of today’s labor activities can be automated with currently available technologies. If that plays out, there are significant implications for businesses, elected officials and everyone who tries to influence them, Stadlen said. Until now, society has seen the creation of enough new jobs to more than replace the jobs being eliminated by industries on the decline. But the halo Stadlen said hovers over many technology breakthroughs could vanish quickly unless the Silicon Valley culture enables an accessible platform, or forum, to guide civil society through the AI pitfalls that loom. The best way to approach such a far-reaching endeavor, Stadlen said, is to create an independent advisory panel with real powers. “I would put on that panel representatives of government, unions, civil society, NGOs – a real cross-section of key stakeholders. I would arm them with all the information they need and make their work authoritative.” Information is critical, Stadlen said, because it’s the imbalance of information that complicates, if not blocks, useful dialogues that can bridge gaps between experts and the public. The authors call for “radical openness” in the sharing of information. “Business takes advantage of that to society’s detriment,” Stadlen says. In response, governments “slam down” burdensome regulations that turn out to be bad for business and undercut what it can do for society and the money it can make. “We need to avoid that with artificial intelligence.” A good example in their book of an industry constantly under the microscope but that also helps power the world are oil and gas producers. Browne recounts a useful example of radical openness when he led BP to produce natural gas in 2002 from the “supergiant” Tangguh field in Bintuni Bay, off the Bird’s Head Peninsula of Papua, Indonesia. Perhaps some companies deploying AI see the value of formally engaging with civil society. On Sept. 28, executives at Microsoft and the DeepMind unit at Google, along with founding support from Amazon, Facebook and IBM, launched the Partnership on AI nonprofit. The partnership’s stated goals are to “study and formulate best practices on A.I. technologies, to advance the public’s understanding of AI, and to serve as an open platform for discussion and engagement about AI and its influences on people and society.” The partnership was met by the technology trade press with some skepticism. Microsoft’s Eric Horvitz, who co-chairs the partnership with DeepMind co-founder Mustafa Suleyman, told a press briefing that recent hype concerning AI’s threats and a resulting “echo chamber of anxiety” is among the dynamics that pushed the companies to collaborate. Horvitz and Suleyman invite any tech company, research group and non-profit to join the partnership, the Verge reported. They say “leadership will be shared equally” among the founding corporations and non-corporate participants. The way Browne, Nuttall and Stadlen see it, the partnership should specify quickly how inclusive it will be and the genuine authority and real powers it will have. “This is an excellent step in the right direction,” Stadlen said. “Technology companies have to earn the moral license to operate when it comes to complex and ethically-charged domains such as AI. It’s on industry to persuade society that AI will benefit ordinary people, and is safe in the hands of companies.” “To build credibility and trust,” he continued, “you have to give independent voices real authority and genuine independence.” He called on the Partnership to “publish what the academic and civil society experts say and follow their recommendations.” Information Technology Recent headlines from the 293 articles in this category: Greenpeace: Samsung’s Exploding Phone Presents Opportunity for Leadership Social Media Firms Hand Reams of Data on Law-Abiding Citizens to Law Enforcement New Project Gives Info On Congressional Climate Change Positions Clean energy advocate, strategic marketer and story teller with 15+ years supervisory experience and a proven track record achieving strategic and program objectives for energy, utility, technology and other clients in their marketplaces and policy arenas while engaging their priority stakeholders and target audiences. I'm always on the lookout for innovative policies, people, technologies and businesses that are demonstrating how sustainability can be both healthy and profitable. Catch my blog posts at TheEnergyFix.com. I've also written for The New York Times, Houston Chronicle, The Huffington Post and TheEnergyCollective.com. Follow Jim Pierobon @JimPierobon Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2016 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 6717 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Dolphin exhibit near Scottsdale opens to small crowds, protests Small groups of visitors milled around at the Dolphinaris Arizona's opening Saturday morning. Families mixed with the groups of trainers and children pet dolphins. Post to Facebook Dolphin exhibit near Scottsdale opens to small crowds, protests Small groups of visitors milled around at the Dolphinaris Arizona's opening Saturday morning. Families mixed with the groups of trainers and children pet dolphins.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2ehJGGo {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 27 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Dolphin exhibit near Scottsdale opens to small crowds, protests Megan Janetsky , The Republic | azcentral.com 7 p.m. MST October 15, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share VIDEOS: TAKE A LOOK INSIDE DOLPHINARIS ARIZONADolphins play fetch at Dolphinaris | 1:09 GoPro video of dolphins playing fetch with a basketball at Dolphinaris Arizona near Scottsdale. 1 of 3 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share VIDEOS: TAKE A LOOK INSIDE DOLPHINARIS ARIZONAChildren at play | 1:27 Dolphins Liko and Bodie play with trainers Ashley Acridge and Lara Kesselring at the Dolphinaris attraction in Scottsdale, Arizona on Monday, Oct. 15, 2016. Hannah Gaber/azcentral.com 2 of 3 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share VIDEOS: TAKE A LOOK INSIDE DOLPHINARIS ARIZONADolphinaris Arizona set to open | 2:19 Dolphinaris Arizona is about ready to open. Dr. Grey Stafford, general manager of Dolphinaris Arizona, gives a brief preview tour. Tom Tingle/azcentral.com 3 of 3Last VideoNext Video Dolphins play fetch at Dolphinaris Children at play Dolphinaris Arizona set to open Celesti Lozano, 12, greets a dolphin at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The new facility allows customers to swim with dolphins in an up-close environment. (Photo: Ben Moffat/The Republic)   After months of protests and controversy, Dolphinaris Arizona opened in the Scottsdale area Saturday morning. The facility is home to eight bottlenose dolphins and allows visitors to swim and interact with the animals. At the entrance, things were noticeably quiet. There were no large crowds or lines to get in. Inside, families and small groups of visitors mixed with trainers, and children pet some of the dolphins. But a few blocks over, throngs of protesters carried signs and inflatable dolphin toys. The 100-plus protesters gathered on the street corner chanted "Dolphin Free AZ." Ventura Entertainment, the Mexico-based parent company of Dolphinaris, came under fire from animal-rights activists as the company prepared to open its first U.S. location, near Via de Ventura and Loop 101 on the Salt River Reservation. The exhibit consists of a 900,000-gallon saltwater "lagoon" habitat that is home to eight dolphins born and raised in captivity. To put that into perspective, an Olympic-size swimming pool is about 660,000 gallons. Pricing at Dolphinaris Arizona ranges from $59 for a "land-based" dolphin experience to $149 for a 45-minute dolphin swim program, according to the company's website. The dolphin attraction has stoked controversy since news of the development plans in April, with more than 150,000 people worldwide signing an online petition against the project. Critics say large, intelligent marine mammals such as dolphins should not be held in captivity for the enjoyment of humans. Protesters held a number of rallies as the exhibit was being built. But Saturday's protest, organizer Robert Franklin said, was the largest to date. Emilia James, 4, and Max James, 6, hold up signs they made to protest the Dolphinaris Arizona opening on Oct 15, 2016, near Scottsdale. Their mother, Sarah James, brought them to the protest after talking to them about why she opposed marine mammal captivity.  (Photo: Megan Janetsky/The Republic) "The purpose of this protest is to show an opposition to exploitation. If we weren't out here on opening day, it's like giving them permission," said Franklin, community outreach coordinator of Dolphin Free AZ. He said that although their efforts to stop the building of the exhibit failed, they plan to educate the public and spread their message. In the future they plan to distribute packets about marine captivity to teachers in hopes of increasing awareness, he said. "We hope to continue to spread that across Arizona, to spread that nationally — to continue this campaign so we can stop it in Arizona," he said. "They do have plans to open up in other states, and we don't want to see that happen." Sarah James was at the protest with her husband, her 4-year-old daughter Emilia and her 8-year-old son Max. The kids made signs reading, "No Dolphin Prison," "Captivity Kills" and "Don't Do That to Dolphins." "It's important to teach our kids from a young age that animals have rights; to be good, humane people; and teach them that we have to treat everything humanely," James said. She said when she heard about the Dolphinaris exhibit, she decided to have a conversation about it with her kids. "I remember going and seeing dolphins," she said. "Going to SeaWorld seemed so amazing to see these animals that are so smart and beautiful. You don't think about it when you're a kid. It's a for-profit thing. It's a cruel thing; they're out of their habitats." She said she explained to the kids that the dolphins had a very small habitat and asked them how it would be to live in a small room for the rest of their lives. Emilia, as a result made the sign that read, "Don't Do That to Dolphins" with a drawing of a dolphin in the corner. "I think it's important for them to know early on that, yes there are things we would like to do and see, but there are more important issues," James said. Inside Dolphinaris FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Dolphinaris Arizona's grand opening  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Ron Despain, 61, greets a dolphin in the water at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The facility allows customers to swim with dolphins in an up-close environment.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen A dolphin peeks its head out of the water at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The facility allows customers to swim with dolphins in an up-close environment.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Customers enter a pool to swim with dolphins at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016, its grand opening.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Dolphins greet their trainers at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen A dolphin greet its trainer at Dolphinaris Arizona on Oct. 15, 2016, opening day.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Ron Despain, 61, waits to swim with dolphins at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Customers line up to swim with dolphins on opening day at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Emilia James, 4, and Max James, 6, hold up signs they made to protest the Dolphinaris Arizona opening on Oct 15, 2016, near Scottsdale. Their mother, Sarah James, brought them to the protest after talking to them about why she opposed marine mammal captivity.  Megan Janetsky/The Republic Fullscreen Protesters line Via De Ventura and Pima Road to oppose the opening of Dolphinaris Arizona on Oct. 15, 2016, on the Salt River Reservation.  Megan Janetsky/The Republic Fullscreen Dolphins greet their trainers at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The facility allows customers to swim with dolphins in an up-close environment.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Ron Despain, 61, exits the water at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The facility allows customers to swim with dolphins in an up-close environment.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Mark Lozano, 43, gets a kiss on the cheek from a dolphin at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Celesti Lozano, 12, greets a dolphin at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The new facility allows customers to swim with dolphins in an up-close environment.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Mark Lozano, 43, greets a dolphin at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The facility allows customers to swim with dolphins in an up-close environment.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen A dolphin jumps out of the water in a demonstration on opening day at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen A dolphin swims past a family at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Guests watch dolphins jump out of the water in a demonstration at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The new facility allows customers to swim with dolphins in an up-close environment.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen A dolphin jumps out of the water in a demonstration at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen A dolphin greets its trainer in a demonstration at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. Dolphinaris is home to eight bottlenose dolphins.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Dolphins splash onlookers at Dolphinaris Arizona on opening day, Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Dolphins greet their trainer in a demonstration at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Dolphins splash onlookers at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen A dolphin greets its trainer in a demonstration at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016. The eight bottlenose dolphins there were born and bred in captivity.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Dolphins splash onlookers at Dolphinaris Arizona on the Salt River Reservation on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Moffat/The Republic Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 24 2 of 24 3 of 24 4 of 24 5 of 24 6 of 24 7 of 24 8 of 24 9 of 24 10 of 24 11 of 24 12 of 24 13 of 24 14 of 24 15 of 24 16 of 24 17 of 24 18 of 24 19 of 24 20 of 24 21 of 24 22 of 24 23 of 24 24 of 24 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Education was a common theme among protesters Saturday morning, some carrying signs like "No Dolphins in the Desert" and "How much did your ticket cost you? It cost the dolphins their freedom." But it was also a central topic for trainers and managers inside the Dolphinaris exhibit. Dolphinaris Arizona General Manager Grey Stafford said the exhibit is an opportunity to teach children about conservation efforts and marine animals. Safford said the exhibit benefits the species, adding that they hope to teach visitors about "conservation, education, basic research and that passion that we hope to instill in the public to care about these species." Stafford has been in the industry for about 27 years. He began his career as a dolphin trainer at Sea World in Ohio, which later closed due to financial troubles. He later moved to the Wildlife World Zoo in Arizona. "There's been a lot of misinformation that's been spread ... that animals don't thrive in human care," Stafford said. "Nothing could be further from the truth. Every one of these animals was born in human care. They've know the love and passion from their caretakers their entire lives." According to an Associated Press story in 2014, survival rates for SeaWorld bottlenose dolphins and other species do exceed estimates for those in the wild. This is primarily due to evolved medical practices. Krysta Henderson was one of the trainers interacting with the dolphins at the exhibit. She watched two dolphins, one age 20 and the other 16, do flips, blow bubbles, jump into the air and do what another trainer called "cat impressions" for a small group of kids. She said she's bonded with each of the dolphins. "That's our job as trainers — to make sure each day is fun and enriching for them," she said. "We always want to make sure we don't put them in vulnerable positions where we compromise that trust." She said the dolphins act very much like people, each developing their own mannerisms and quirks. For some, positive reinforcement means playing with a ball, she said, and for others, it's human contact. "Everything is based on trust and positive reinforcement," she said. "It's just amazing. We trust them, they trust us. It's a mutual bond." 6717 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 27 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2ehJGGo TOP VIDEOS Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Letter: Punish kids who leave class to protest Nov. 13, 2016, 11:34 p.m. Letter: Trump does not have a mandate Nov. 13, 2016, 11:34 p.m. Our Turn: How we're fixing a doctor shortage Nov. 13, 2016, 11:34 p.m.
The Standard HOME NEWS OPINION BUSINESS SPORTS SHOWBITZ LIFESTYLE TOPICAL Other Sections The Standard Poll Motoring Real Estate Tech Visionaries Holiday Specials Quick Links Mobile Online Reader Supplements The Standard About Advertise Contact Subscribe Advertisement Home   /   OPINION   /   Columns   /   Long Story Short by Adelle Chua Hail the gritty posted October 16, 2016 at 12:01 am by  Adelle Chua ALL parents want their children to be successful in their chosen field. This is why we work hard ­—so we can create an environment and give them the tools we think they need to achieve just that.  We want to know what exactly what predicts success. Is it talent? IQ? Being born in a certain socio-economic class? Attending a good (expensive) school? Having a conventional, relatively peaceful, family life?   All these do bear on how children eventually turn out, but recent research shows there is something else that is a far better predictor of whether children will actually find meaning and happiness in what they do. It is called grit. Grit is defined as perseverance and passion for long-term goals. It is carrying on despite distraction, temptation and failure.  “Grit entails working strenuously toward challenges, maintaining effort and interest over the years despite failures, adversity and plateaus in progress. The gritty individual approaches achievement as a marathon; his or her advatage is stamina. Whereas disappointment or boredom signals to others that it is time to change trajectory and cut losses, the gritty individual stays the course,” so say Angela Duckworth, Christopher Peterson, Michael Matthews and Dennis Kelly in their paper “Grit: Perseverance and Passion for Long-term Goals” published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology in 2007. One of the authors, Duckworth, has gone on to become a more vocal advocate, publishing her own book, Grit, and becoming a famous TED Talk speaker. *** So why do different people, of generally equal intelligence or talent, achieve different levels of success? The answer lies on good old grit, which characteristics are summarized by Forbes Magazine’s Margaret Perlis as courage, conscientiousness, follow through, resilience and excellence.  Courage. Courage, we say, is not the absence of fear. It is pushing ahead despite it. Fear of failure, for instance, is debilitating—many would rather not try than risk trying and thereafter failing.  But gritty people know that we are all bound to fail at one point, or several. They acknowledge that failure is part of the learning process and that the important thing is, as the song goes, is to “pick [themselves] up, dust [themselves] off and start all over again.”  As parents, we often try to shield our kids from the consequences of their actions or omissions. We don’t want them to feel pain or frustration. What this tells us is that we just might want to adopt the “let them fail” approach, not so that we can punish them and say “I told you so!” but so that they can learn to deal with failure which is, they will eventually find, inevitable.  Conscientiousness. To be conscientious means to be careful, painstaking and meticulous, and being accountable for one’s actions no matter what. Travis Bradberry writes for The Huffington Post: “By holding yourself accountable, even when making excuses is an option, you show that you care about results more than your image or ego.”  Follow through. Overnight success is not success at all. A 1985 study of 120 world-class pianists, neurologists, swimmers, chess players, mathematicians and sculptors showed that just a few of them were regarded as prodigies by teachers, parents or experts in their younger years. “Rather, accomplished individuals worked day after day, for at least 10 or 15 years, to reach the top of their fields.” This is akin to the minimum-requirement rule described by Malcolm Gladwell in his book Outliers. To be really good at something, he posited, you have to work on what you do for no less than 10,000 hours.  Resilience. Author Andrew Zolli defines resilience as “the ability of people, communities and systems to maintain their core purpose and integrity among unforeseen shocks and surprises.” Grit, or hardiness, he says, has three marks: the belief that one can find meaningful purpose in life, the belief that one can influence one’s surroundings and the outcome of events, and the belief that both positive and negative experiences will lead to learning and growth. It’s all a mix of optimism, confidence and creativity.  Excellence. Gritty people are not perfectionists. They recognize that there is so much imperfection in the world, and pursuing perfection can just lead to negative, counterproductive results like low self-esteem, obsessive-compulsive tendencies, depression and sometimes substance abuse.  What the gritty aim for is excellence—which they see as an attitude, a disposition, and not an end in itself. Excellence is a way of life, done every day in the big things and the small.  *** But how do parents instill grit in their children, especially given the penchant of today’s generation to work “smart” instead of working hard, their apparently limited attention span, the abundance of distraction, and the general tendency to tread the easy path?  Duckworth shares that she and her husband enforce The Hard Thing Rule in their home for their teenage daughters—and themselves as well. All members of the family have to be doing a difficult thing. They should be interested in that endeavor, sure, but it requires sustained daily effort and they are not allowed to quit for a given period just because they are bored or frustrated or feel they are no good at it.  Some parents bombard their children with “reminders” that they should be doing this or that, but experience tells us this hardly works especially since it is so easy for children to just tune out, however valid and priceless the message is.  Some try to simply set a good example by exhibiting the traits associated with grit, in the hopes that the kids will pick up the clues and live them, themselves. But this could be all too subtle.  The challenge to instill grit in our children—and the consequent feeling of confidence that because they have it, they will be fine when we are gone and wherever they eventually choose to go—is in itself a goal that requires perseverance and passion on the part of parents. And so we try, shunning the fearing of failure, carrying on despite stumbling blocks, and tirelessly beginning anew each morning.  *** The Homeschool Association of the Philippine Islands, HAPI for short, is holding its annual Philippine Homeschool Conference this Saturday, October 22 from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. at the SMX Convention Center, SMX Aura Premier in Taguig.  This year’s theme is  “From Roots to Wings: Homeschooling through the Stages.”   Visit www.educatingforlife.co for details.  adellechua@gmail.com Topics: Hail the gritty , Parents , Children Related stories: No related stories matched this topic. More from this Category: The nuclear option The Jubilee Year draws to a close What’s in it for us? COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement TRENDING LAST 7 DAYS TODAY Headlines‘New threats emerge’ De Lima twits DoJ over ‘false evidence’  0 |  15 hours ago Okada Manila hiring 8,000  0 |  15 hours ago What’s in it for us?  0 |  15 hours ago Espinosa case seen to scare witness away  0 |  15 hours ago Du30’s Peru trip confirmed — Palace  0 |  15 hours ago The nuclear option  0 |  15 hours ago Trump picking team amid 4th protest day  0 |  15 hours ago The Jubilee Year draws to a close  0 |  15 hours ago Du30 maiden budget up for scrutiny today  0 |  15 hours ago EditorialJob 1: Apologize to the nation Leila, Leni and ‘delicadeza’  0 |  3 days ago Yolanda rehab fund audit pressed  0 |  6 days ago History cannot be buried  0 |  6 days ago A clear rubout  0 |  6 days ago Du30: No more fights with US  0 |  3 days ago Busting a myth  0 |  5 days ago De Lima aggravates her disbarment case  0 |  6 days ago Espinosa: 21 cops probed  0 |  6 days ago SC allows Marcos’ burial at Libingan Ng Mga Bayani  0 |  6 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard Latest News The nuclear option 15 hours ago What was he thinking? 1 day ago Undue interest 2 days ago The Trump card 3 days ago Burial 4 days ago Job 1: Apologize to the... 5 days ago Quiet terror 6 days ago Suspicious death 1 week ago Yolanda’s revelations 1 week ago Getting Nur onboard 1 week ago 6th Floor of Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS News Opinion Business Sports Showbitz Lifestyle Motoring Real Estate Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2016 Manila Standard. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
null
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Robert Downey Jr. Wants To Be The Voice Of Mark Zuckerberg's AI Butler by Jack Morse in News on Oct 14, 2016 1:30 pm Photo by Ian Gavan via Getty. "This just got real." So wrote Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg yesterday after Robert Downey Jr. offered to record the voice of the tech titan's personal AI butler. As one of his always interesting new year's resolutions, Zuckerberg this year set out to custom build an artificially intelligent butler for his home. He appears to have made some progress, as yesterday he asked his legions of Facebook friends who he should have record the robot's voice. "It's time to give my AI Jarvis a voice," he posted, referencing the artificial intelligence in the Iron Man series starring Downey, "Who should I ask to do it?" In a testament to the grill master's influence and reach, he quickly received a response from the star of the movie himself. "I'll do in a heartbeat if [Paul] Bettany gets paid and donates it to a cause of [Benedict] Cumberbatch's choosing," wrote Downey, "that's the right kind of STRANGE!" Paul Bettany is the voice actor who played "Jarvis" in the series of films based on the Marvel Comic. As to just what, exactly, Downey as digital butler would be saying is unclear. The Chronicle reports that in August Zuckerberg spoke of the system's capabilities, saying they were relatively modest. "It just sees my face and it lets me in," Zuckerberg said of the butler allowing him into his San Francisco home. "So that is pretty fun." Perhaps Downey should start practicing his "Welcome home, sir." Previously: Mark Zuckerberg Resolves To Spend Free Time Building AI Butler To Watch Over His Child Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. ai facebook mark zuckerberg robert downey junior Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
recommended reading The Next President Will Face a Cyber Crisis. Here's How to Handle It How Agency Data Turned into 3-D Maps of the Oceans Quiz: Are You A Hacker's Best Friend? Adapting to a Citizen-Driven World Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Ethical Hackers // Code.gov // Virtual Reality Challenge // IT Modernization // Open Data Efforts // Smart Search Tool News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Sponsored: FedTech Video: Obama Discusses His Artificial Intelligence Fears President Barack Obama speaks at the White House Frontiers Conference at Carnegie Mellon University. // Jared Wickerham/AP President Barack Obama has taken on the position of guest editor for Wired magazine for the month of October. He sat down to discuss his views on the intersection of government and technology, the advent of artificial intelligence and its many applications and implications.  So, is Obama concerned about a super intelligence overthrowing the government? Not quite. "Part of my directive to my national security is 'don't worry as much yet about machines taking over the world, do worry about the capacity of either nonstate actors or hostile actors to penetrate systems,'" he said. A more pressing concern of the president is specialized AI and algorithms that use pattern recognition and data analytics to do jobs previously done by humans. "The vulnerability of a lot of our systems is gonna be coming around pretty quick," Obama said.  Watch the rest of the conversation in the video below from Wired:  By Caitlin Fairchild October 14, 2016 recommended for you Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size ADD A COMMENT Emerging Technology: The Government of the Future Has Arrived Textual Chemistry: Getting to Know Citizens Through Their Words The Inimitable Effect of Standing on Productivity The Decision-Making Science of Effective Healthcare FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS eBook Customer Experience Focused: Why The Government Needs To Prioritize Customers // This eBook explores what government gets right and wrong in customer service, and how some agencies are putting customers first in an effort to better meet their missions. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: Beyond the Beltway // This eBook debriefs the topics covered at the latest meetups this summer, highlighting key conversations focused around how government is harnessing innovations from Silicon Valley, such as artificial intelligence, biotech and more. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: Combating the Insider Threat // This eBook reviews some of the efforts agencies are taking on to protect themselves against both the careless employee and the one who went rogue. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: "Tech Revolutions: Open Source + IoT" // This eBook discusses the latest topics and conversations around open source and the Internet of Things from the latest meetups, which were attended by the brightest minds in government, industry and academia. eBook Nextgov's Book: "The State of Federal IT Contracting" // Read this eBook to take a closer look at the contracts that will shape the future of federal IT, and some of the technologies they'll likely help procure. GAO to DHS: Give IT Officials a Seat at the Table See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs What an NFL Coach, the Pentagon and Election Systems Have in Common Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel Taking the Federal Digital Leap: Inevitable, Imperative and Doable Tech Insider by Kymm McCabe New Study Shows How 'Star Trek' Jokes and Geek Culture Make Women Feel Unwelcome in Computer Science Wired Workplace by Sapna Cheryan and Sianna Ziegler sponsored links The Space Report Online The Space Report Online is your guide to global space activity - 10 years of industry, policy and trend data - when you need it. www.thespacereport.org 2016-2017 AFCEA Monthly Breakfast Series If you’re interested in sponsoring our 2016-2017 Monthly Breakfast Series, please contact April O’Brien at registrar@afceabethesda.org or visit the link below bethesda.afceachapters.org Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story  
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 2:25 A.M. ET Samsung shares drop 2.8% after announcing $8 billion deal for U.S.-based Harmon International 2:15 A.M. ET China's fiscal spending drops sharply in October 2:14 A.M. ET Samsung to buy car audio maker Harman for $8 bln 2:12 A.M. ET Oil futures wobble as hopes fade for OPEC production cut 1:34 A.M. ET RWE profit weighed in part by nuclear-waste fund 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Nikkei surges, leaving other Asian markets in the dust 1:07 A.M. ET Japan expects gradual recovery to continue 1:05 A.M. ET Dollar hits multi-month highs versus euro, yen, loonie 12:57 A.M. ET Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video 12:46 A.M. ET Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 12:45 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 11/13 Latest China economic data shows a mixed bag 11/13 China's home sales up 42.6% this year 11/13 Updated China's industrial output holds steady in October 11/13 Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 11/13 Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 11/13 Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 11/13 Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Investing Stocks NewsWatch Get email alerts The stock market is turning into a sloppy, ugly mess—and it could get worse By MarketWatch Published: Oct 14, 2016 12:00 p.m. ET Share By MarketWatch MARKETWATCH FRONT PAGE Here’s what may be contributing to the recent spike in Wall Street anxiety levels: See full story. The real cost of owning a home Let’s say you want to buy your own place, but you want to know if it’s really a good idea for you right now. See full story. Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg may have found his AI assistant — Iron Man himself Mark Zuckerberg says he’s ready to voice the “Jarvis” artificial intelligence system (AI) he built to run his home. One apparently willing candidate stands out — Iron Man himself. See full story. A recession is coming — so hide in gold, says influential investor Raoul Pal Former hedge-fund manager Raoul Pal, who predicted the 2008 financial crisis, tells MarketWatch where he thinks investors should park their money for the next 12 months and why a recession is inevitable. See full story. 5 good habits one former hedge funder says can be done in 5 minutes a day or less James Altucher, a well-known blogger and former hedge-fund manager, offered some ”good habit” tips. And, like the man himself, many of his recommendations might fall under the “quirky” category. See full story. MARKETWATCH PERSONAL FINANCE Having trouble getting out of bed in the morning because it’s so dark? Be patient, soon you’ll see the sun earlier, because soon it will be time to “fall back,” and move our clocks back an hour to Standard Time. See full story. More from MarketWatch Samsung to Temporarily Halt Galaxy Note 7 Production The Second Presidential Debate How Advanced Would Aliens Need to Be to Contact Earth? Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.34% 30 yr fixed 3.77% 15 yr fixed 2.98% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.85% 15 yr fixed refi 3.03% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.39% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.66% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.02% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 2.94% 48 Mo Used Car 2.98% 36 Mo Used Car 3.3% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.02% 48 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Social Mark Zuckerberg needs a voice for his AI Jarvis, and Ironman just offered to do it Mark Zuckerberg needs a voice for his AI Jarvis, and Ironman just offered to do it Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg needs a voice for his AI Jarvis and actor Robert Downye Jr offered to do it. By: Tech Desk | Published:October 14, 2016 6:12 pm Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is looking for a voice for his AI and Robert Downey Jr offered to do it. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had revealed in January that he’s working on building a personal home Artificial Intelligence (AI)-powered assistant which will be like Jarvis in the Ironman series. Now it looks like he needs a voice for his AI Jarvis and of course, the Facebook CEO turned to Facebook for help. And guess what Robert Downey Junior, aka Ironman from the series offered his voice. Zuckerberg wrote this on Facebook, “It’s time to give my AI Jarvis a voice. Who should I ask to do it?” The top comment was from Robert Downey Jr who wrote back, “I’ll do in a heartbeat if Bettany gets paid and donates it to a cause of Cumberbatch’s choosing…that’s the right kind of STRANGE!” Paul Bettany is the original voice of Jarvis in film series with Ironman. Of course, other folks have also been commenting on Zuckerberg’s post. One person wrote, “Robert Downey Jr or Benedict Cumberbatch,” to which Zuckerberg replies, “Now that’s funny!” Someone suggested “Arnold Schwarzenegger sir, he even asked you to contact him when you needed a voice…” to which the Facebook CEO replied “Great memory!”Someone also suggested “How about Paul Bettany, the voice actor for the real Jarvis?” and Zuckerberg admitted, “That’s what they’d expect us to do.” People even offered Hodor as an option, though for Zuckerberg the AI “needs a few more words than ‘Hodor’.” ASUS ZenBook 3 First Look Video Siachen Civilian Trek 2016 Bigg Boss 10 November 10 Review: Manoj Punjabi And Mona Lisa Get Close, Irritates Swami Om Rock On 2 Audience Reaction: Farhan Akhtar’s Movie Impresses People England Pile On The Runs In Rajkot; India Solid In Reply India Queues Up Outside ATMs Sahibabad Garment Factory Fire Kills 13 Worried About Replacing Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes? Don’t Fall For This Fraud Call Banks, Post Offices See Long Queues Of People For Exchange Of Rs 500, Rs 1000 Notes Kanhaiya Kumar: Condoms Could Be Found In JNU, But Not Its Missing Student People Outside Banks In Kolkata Here’s What The New Rs 2000 Note Looks Like Serpentine Queues Outside Banks To Exchange Rs 500, Rs 1,000 Notes 5 Reasons To Watch Rock On 2 Bigg Boss 10 November 9 Episode Review: No Maliks-Sevaks Anymore Also read: Mark Zuckerberg’s 2016 challenge: To build an AI for his home Astrophysicist and writer Neil deGrasse Tyson’s name was also on the list. Finally some loyal soul from India offered Amitabh Bachchan as an option saying he would be a good choice as “he is very famous for his vocal quality and is a big superstar in India.” Zuckerberg had revealed the AI Jarvis is his personal challenge for 2016. He hopes the AI will help him run his home and with his work. The Facebook CEO says he will teach the AI his own voice to control pretty much everything in his house, from music to lights to temperature. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPM Modi says no shortage of currency, problem lies in where the money is BusinessDemonetisation: Special task force set up to expedite ATMs' recalibration, says DEA Secretary BusinessATMs will start dispensing Rs 2000 notes from today or tomorrow: Economic Affairs Secretary IndiaLIVE: PM Modi addresses rally in Ghazipur Board exams today, hope, fear in Valley: ‘Can’t lose year’ EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentKoffee With Karan S5: Varun Dhawan a nudist, Arjun Kapoor's sex life going great, watch teaser EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show EntertainmentHappy Children's Day: Where Bollywood, Hollywood's famous child stars are now Must Read SportsDraw for India, a moral victory for England SportsDid India miss a trick by rolling out a true track? SportsAustralia stand 120 runs adrift at stumps on Day 3 TechnologyGoogle Pixel phone hacked in under sixty seconds at PwnFest: Report TechnologyApple iPads coming in March 2017; to include bezel-less 10.9-inch version: Report TechnologyRs 500, Rs 1000 notes demonetised: Paytm, MobiKwik see boost in usage  Happy Children's Day: 7 life lessons to inspire children, today and always Nov 14: Latest News Ghazipur: PM Modi says no shortage of currency, problem lies in where the money is Malaysia: Opposition lawmaker jailed for exposing 1MDB audit Indonesian police arrest five after church attack Shiv Sena lauds Centre for demonetisation, calls for measures to ease cash crisis President Pranab Mukherjee declares India International Trade Fare open                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Bipin Dani Amarnath family’s love for hitting the wicket’ coincidental: Surinder Articles Listening to Trump..! Articles Democrats failed to imagine the worst Articles Friendship and human development Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Karachi Inter-collegiate quiz competition at DA SKBZ College Karachi Inter-collegiate quiz competition at DA SKBZ College By Webmaster - October 14, 2016 0 66 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Karachi—Intercollegiate Quiz Competition 2016 was held at DA SKBZ College here today. Students of leading educational institutions of the city took part in the competition. Mr. Sarim Burney, CEO of Sarim Burney International Trust was the chief guest on the occasion. The chief guest underlined the significance of power of knowledge and termed the quiz competition as the hallmark of a sound education system. He lauded the tremendous potential and intellectual ability of students and described them as simply impressive. He reiterated that the quiz competitions provided an excellent opportunity to enhance the mental skills of the students and played a pivotal role in the development of their all around personality. He also added that the aim of education is to produce confident, capable and dynamic individual who can face the onslaught of life challenges successfully. The chief guest Mr. Sarim Burney applauded the tedious efforts made by the principal Brig (R) Mirza Khawar Baig SI (M), teaching staff and students who participated in the competition. Students of the leading colleges participated in the event and diversified topics were included to challenge / test the participants’ acquisition of general knowledge. Several dignities and learned personalities witnessed the quiz competition. According to the result, the Intercollegiate Quiz Competition was won by Bahria College NORE-1 while Bahria College Karsaz clinched the second position and DA Degree College for Women Phase-VIII got the third position. At the end, the chief guest awarded the trophies and certificates to the winning teams, judges and program organizers. Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAction to be taken against corrupt officials: Mehtab Next articleKarachi Literature Festival travels to London Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Karachi 29 bodies of Shah Noorani blast victims handed over to heirs Karachi IGP for extra-ordinary security on Shah Bhitai’s Urs Karachi SSUET takes steps to ensure transparent admission policy Digital Newspaper Social Diary Oil & Gas Leap Forward Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: ..... E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director Marketing: Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Contact Us Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES Projects directly benefiting people should be given priority: Ebad August 4, 2016 ‘Alkhidmat’ praised for its service to humanity November 2, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Letters to the Editor October 14, 2016 5:03 AM Letters on foul debate, Trump outrage, Roger Elliott, hunting amendment LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story We have foul stink in this country After last Sunday night’s spit festival, aka the presidential debate, I kept thinking, “What a stink we have in this country.” I’m guessing that most Americans reacted similarly – all but the most extreme on either end of the political spectrum. What have we become? Petty, ignorant, vulgar, truth/lie-spinning swindlers of the democratic process? The answer is obviously “yes.” I love a good political discussion, but this is now more than one bridge too far. We can’t go back to the days of former House Speaker Tip O’Neill and former Sen. Daniel Moynihan – not even to the days of Ronald Reagan. Nor can we ever hope to return to any semblance of respect or dignity for those who don’t “match us” in ideas (or sex, nationality or religion, for that matter). We’ve lost our collective intellectual ability to think objectively, to work for a greater good. It isn’t just dead; it’s in a shallow grave, and we can smell the stink. James Baldwin said that civilizations are destroyed by the spineless. I would add that it is destroyed by spineless fools mired in a dreadful stink. Anita Kirkpatrick, Kingman Feigned outrage When I surfed through the news channels last Friday to see what is going on with the hurricane, all they were talking about was two guys on a bus talking crude and rude about women. This is news? Such talk has been going on since men discovered there was a difference between the sexes. The feigned outrage is stunning. Have these people been living under a tub? Women do it, too. The other news in which commentators feigned outrage was hearing that politicians say different things to rich supporters than they do to the folks when on the stump. Be still my heart. Just how slow are these people? Many rich people support the Democrats. Republicans are not going to cancel any entitlement program. Feign surprise and outrage like this is the first time you are hearing this. I brace for a cringe every time one of our presidential candidates speaks. But neither of the above news items moved my “give a crap” meter one centimeter. Tom Oyler, Wichita Admit defeat? When the election is a landslide for Hillary Clinton (and maybe the Senate and House fall), are the Republican/conservative pundits, politicians, columnists, letter writers, commentators and general loud talkers going to respect our system and the results? Will they realize the mandate of the people against their “conservative principles”? Or are they going to spend four years blaming Donald Trump for giving away the election, and make it only about him and not the party and principles he represents? The reason I ask is that they are going to have to either accept that their ideology went down in defeat and get out of the way, or they’re going to have to admit that their party is entirely incompetent to have fielded such a candidate – and obviously can’t be trusted to run a lemonade stand, much less a government at any level. Or did they deliberately nominate a candidate who couldn’t possibly win just so they wouldn’t have to actually take any responsibility for anything? Which is it? Lee Davis, Wichita Elliott for House I have known Roger Elliott for several years. He grew up in east Wichita and has had many opportunities to serve the public in his banking career. Additionally, he served 12 years on the Andover school board and was a strong advocate for public education in Topeka. Elliott also has experience in economic development while working for the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. He understands the need for collaboration in working with peers to make the tough decisions and get the job done. As a former state representative, I believe Elliott will be an excellent representative for District 87 in serving the citizens of east Wichita. Jo Ann Pottorf, Wichita No on amendment During the past legislative session, our lawmakers approved putting a proposed constitutional amendment on the Nov. 8 ballot. If approved by a simple majority of eligible Kansas voters, the right to hunt, fish and trap will be added to the Kansas Bill of Rights, along with such notable entitlements as equality, free speech and prohibition of slavery. We already have this right. Please vote “no” on this ridiculous and completely unnecessary constitutional amendment. Lori Lawrence, Wichita Letters to the Editor Include your full name, home address and phone number for verification purposes. All letters are edited for clarity and length; 200 words or fewer are best. Letters may be published in any format and become the property of The Eagle. Mail: Letters to the Editor, The Wichita Eagle, 825 E. Douglas, Wichita, KS 67202 E-mail: letters@wichitaeagle.com Fax: 316-269-6799 For more information, contact Phillip Brownlee at 316-268-6262, pbrownlee@wichitaeagle.com. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Letters to the Editor Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 7:04 Gregg Marshall talks season-opening win Pause 5:11 Michael O'Donnell wins County Commission race 0:26 Nov. 14 supermoon is closest moon to Earth since 1948 4:38 Dining with Denise: Wichita's most obscene foods 0:23 Klutzy robber sets self ablaze in convenience store heist 1:35 Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 0:36 Possible assault in Valley Center 0:57 A rare look at an Idaho mountain lion 1:15 NASA astronaut pays tribute to veterans from space station 3:49 Bill Self breaks down KU's overtime loss to Indiana Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 12 hours ago Firefighters battle blaze after explosion at historic downtown KC church 2:32 12 hours ago Firefighters battle blaze after explosion at historic downtown KC church 3:49 2 days ago Bill Self breaks down KU's overtime loss to Indiana 7:04 2 days ago Gregg Marshall talks season-opening win View more video Letters to the Editor Letters on U.S. competitiveness, fear of change, new course, Trump Letters on Sanders, biased press, all-powerful God, lost boy Letters on Trump win, socialism loss, World War I Letters on Trump, Clinton, old news, green energy, dog bites Letters on 2020 election, ACA, Israel, public health Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Letter: What strong leadership really looks like Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 6:28 PM If we can see past the presidential campaigns' diversionary mud-slinging and charisma (or lack thereof) we realize we all just want to be safe, and that starts with strength in our leadership.  When feeling unsafe, it's so easy to react with one-sided anger and therefore respond to issues simplistically and quickly. But is strength really in bulldozing others when resultant extremist groups, who meet fire with fire, then emerge in ever greater numbers? Is reactive, divisive assault truly strength that yields safety?  Do we want a president who is lightningly fast to take offense and who therefore reacts to the world as something for him to win/conquer? What happened the last time someone in power with tremendous charisma felt that way? What could happen today, given all the nuclear weapons in play?  Or do we want a president who is emotionally balanced, even when tested to the limit time and again, and who is able to rationally think through complex, interrelated issues and who also has the experience of a lifetime of successfully finding common ground on the national and world stage?  It takes self-awareness, compassion, temperamental restraint, knowledge, experience and intelligence to understand that everyone wants to feel safe. This yields the ability to thoughtfully, instead of reactively, balance the many moving parts of this complex world, a world that often hangs in a precariously delicate balance, to arrive at safe solutions. Real solutions often take time, patience and compromise, include a show of force only when necessary, and are comprised of so much more than we're privy to for national security reasons.  Michelle Sullivan Springfield About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
nature.com Sitemap Register Login Nature International weekly journal of science Search Go Advanced search Home News & Comment Research Careers & Jobs Current Issue Archive Audio & Video For Authors Archive Volume 538 Issue 7625 Comment Article Nature | Comment Sharing There is a blind spot in AI research Kate Crawford1 & Ryan Calo3 13 October 2016 Fears about the future impacts of artificial intelligence are distracting researchers from the real risks of deployed systems, argue Kate Crawford and Ryan Calo. Article tools PDF Rights & Permissions Subject terms: Technology Ethics Society Armando L. Sanchez/Chicago Tribune/TNS/Getty Chicago police use algorithmic systems to predict which people are most likely to be involved in a shooting, but they have proved largely ineffective. This week, the White House published its report on the future of artificial intelligence (AI) — a product of four workshops held between May and July 2016 in Seattle, Pittsburgh, Washington DC and New York City (see go.nature.com/2dx8rv6). During these events (which we helped to organize), many of the world’s leading thinkers from diverse fields discussed how AI will change the way we live. Dozens of presentations revealed the promise of using progress in machine learning and other AI techniques to perform a range of complex tasks in every­day life. These ranged from the identification of skin alterations that are indicative of early-stage cancer to the reduction of energy costs for data centres. The workshops also highlighted a major blind spot in thinking about AI. Auto­nomous systems are already deployed in our most crucial social institutions, from hospitals to courtrooms. Yet there are no agreed methods to assess the sustained effects of such applications on human populations. Recent years have brought extraordinary advances in the technical domains of AI. Alongside such efforts, designers and researchers from a range of disciplines need to conduct what we call social-systems analyses of AI. They need to assess the impact of technologies on their social, cultural and political settings. A social-systems approach could investigate, for instance, how the app AiCure — which tracks patients’ adherence to taking prescribed medication and transmits records to physicians — is changing the doctor–patient relationship. Such an approach could also explore whether the use of historical data to predict where crimes will happen is driving overpolicing of marginalized communities. Or it could investigate why high-rolling investors are given the right to understand the financial decisions made on their behalf by humans and algorithms, whereas low-income loan seekers are often left to wonder why their requests have been rejected. A singular problem “People worry that computers will get too smart and take over the world, but the real problem is that they’re too stupid and they’ve already taken over the world.” This is how computer scientist Pedro Domingos sums up the issue in his 2015 book The Master Algorithm1. Even the many researchers who reject the prospect of a ‘technological singularity’ — saying the field is too young — support the introduction of relatively untested AI systems into social institutions. In part thanks to the enthusiasm of AI researchers, such systems are already being used by physicians to guide diagnoses. They are also used by law firms to advise clients on the likelihood of their winning a case, by financial institutions to help decide who should receive loans, and by employers to guide whom to hire. Analysts are expecting the uses of AI systems in these and other contexts to soar. Current market analyses put the economic value of AI applications in the billion-dollar range (see ‘On the rise’), and IBM’s chief executive Ginni Rometty has said that she sees a US$2-trillion opportunity in AI systems over the coming decade. Admittedly, estimates are difficult to make, in part because there is no consensus on what counts as AI. Source: CB Insights AI will not necessarily be worse than human-operated systems at making predictions and guiding decisions. On the contrary, engineers are optimistic that AI can help to detect and reduce human bias and prejudice. But studies indicate that in some current contexts, the downsides of AI systems disproportionately affect groups that are already disadvantaged by factors such as race, gender and socio-economic background2. In a 2013 study, for example, Google searches of first names commonly used by black people were 25% more likely to flag up advertisements for a criminal-records search than those of ‘white-identifying’ names3. In another race-related finding, a ProPublica investigation in May 2016 found that the proprietary algorithms widely used by judges to help determine the risk of reoffending are almost twice as likely to mistakenly flag black defendants than white defendants (see go.nature.com/29aznyw). Three tools How can such effects be avoided? So far, there have been three dominant modes of responding to concerns about the social and ethical impacts of AI systems: compliance, ‘values in design’ and thought experiments. All three are valuable. None is individually or collectively sufficient. Deploy and comply.Most commonly, companies and others take basic steps to adhere to a set of industry best practices or legal obligations, so as to avoid government, press or other scrutiny. This approach can produce short-term benefits. Google, for example, tweaked its image-recognition algorithm in 2015 after the system mislabelled an African American couple as gorillas. The company has also proposed introducing a ‘red button’ into its AI systems that researchers could press should the system seem to be getting out of control4. Similarly, Facebook made an exception to its rule of removing images of nude children from its site after the public backlash about its censorship of the Pulitzer-prizewinning photograph of a naked girl, Kim Phúc, fleeing a napalm attack in Vietnam. And just last month, several leading AI companies, including Microsoft, Amazon and IBM, formed the Partnership on AI to try to advance public understanding and develop some shared standards. Yet the ‘deploy and comply’ approach can be ad hoc and reactive, and industry efforts can prove inadequate if they lack sufficient critical voices and independent contributors. The new AI partnership is inviting ethicists and civil-society organizations to participate. But the concern remains that corporations are relatively free to field test their AI systems on the public without sustained research on medium- or even near-term effects. Values in design.Thanks to pioneers in the ethical design of technology,including the influential scholars Batya Friedman and Helen Nissenbaum, researchers and firms now deploy frameworks such as value sensitive design or ‘responsible innovation’ to help them to identify likely stakeholders and their values. Focus groups or other techniques are used to establish people’s views about personal privacy, the environment and so on. The values of prospective users are then incorporated into the design of the technology, whether it is a phone app or a driverless car5. Developers of AI systems should draw on these important methods more. Nevertheless, such tools often work on the assumption that the system will be built. They are less able to help designers, policymakers or society to decide whether a system should be built at all, or when a proto­type is too preliminary or unreliable to be unleashed on infrastructure such as hospitals or courtrooms. Craig F. Walker/Denver Post/Getty People with asthma were wrongly graded as low risk by an AI system designed to predict pneumonia. Thought experiments.In the past few years, hypothetical situations have dominated the public debate around the social impacts of AI. The possibility that humans will create a highly intelligent system that will ultimately rule over us or even destroy us has been most discussed (see, for example, ref. 6). Also, one relevant thought experiment from 1967 — the trolley problem — has taken on new life. This scenario raises questions about responsibility and culpability. In it, a person can either let a runaway trolley car run along a track where five men are working, or pull a lever to redirect the trolley on to another track where only one person is at risk. Various commentators have applied this hypothetical scenario to self-driving cars, which they argue will have to make automated decisions that constitute ethical choices7. Yet as with the robot apocalypse, the possibility of a driverless car weighing up ‘kill decisions’ presents a narrow frame for moral reasoning. The trolley problem offers little guidance on the wider social issues at hand: the value of a massive investment in autonomous cars rather than in public transport; how safe a driverless car should be before it is allowed to navigate the world (and what tools should be used to determine this); and the potential effects of autonomous vehicles on congestion, the environment or employment. Social-systems analysis We believe that a fourth approach is needed. A practical and broadly applicable social-systems analysis thinks through all the possible effects of AI systems on all parties. It also engages with social impacts at every stage — conception, design, deployment and regulation. As a first step, researchers — across a range of disciplines, government departments and industry — need to start investigating how differences in communities’ access to information, wealth and basic services shape the data that AI systems train on. Take, for example, the algorithm-generated ‘heat maps’ used in Chicago, Illinois, to identify people who are most likely to be involved in a shooting. A study8 published last month indicates that such maps are ineffective: they increase the likelihood that certain people will be targeted by the police, but do not reduce crime. A social-systems approach would consider the social and political history of the data on which the heat maps are based. This might require consulting members of the community and weighing police data against this feedback, both positive and negative, about the neighbourhood policing. It could also mean factoring in findings by oversight committees and legal institutions. A social-systems analysis would also ask whether the risks and rewards of the system are being applied evenly — so in this case, whether the police are using similar techniques to identify which officers are likely to engage in misconduct, say, or violence. “Artificial intelligence presents a cultural shift as much as a technical one.” As another example, a 2015 study9 showed that a machine-learning technique used to predict which hospital patients would develop pneumonia complications worked well in most situations. But it made one serious error: it instructed doctors to send patients with asthma home even though such people are in a high-risk category. Because the hospital automatically sent patients with asthma to intensive care, these people were rarely on the ‘required further care’ records on which the system was trained. A social-systems analysis would look at the underlying hospital guidelines, and other factors such as insurance policies, that shape patient records9. A social-systems analysis could similarly ask whether and when people affected by AI systems get to ask questions about how such systems work. Financial advisers have been historically limited in the ways they can deploy machine learning because clients expect them to unpack and explain all decisions. Yet so far, individuals who are already subjected to determinations resulting from AI have no analogous power10. A social-systems analysis needs to draw on philosophy, law, sociology, anthropology and science-and-technology studies, among other disciplines. It must also turn to studies of how social, political and cultural values affect and are affected by technological change and scientific research. Only by asking broader questions about the impacts of AI can we generate a more holistic and integrated understanding than that obtained by analysing aspects of AI in silos such as computer science or criminology. There are promising signs. Workshops such as the Fairness, Accountability, and Transparency in Machine Learning meeting being held in New York City next month is a good example. But funders — governments, foundations and corporations — should be investing much more in efforts that approach AI in the way we describe. Artificial intelligence presents a cultural shift as much as a technical one. This is similar to technological inflection points of the past, such as the introduction of the printing press or the railways. Autonomous systems are changing workplaces, streets and schools. We need to ensure that those changes are beneficial, before they are built further into the infrastructure of every­day life. Journal name: Nature Volume: 538, Pages: 311–313 Date published: (20 October 2016) DOI: doi:10.1038/538311a Tweet Follow @NatureNews References Domingos, P. The Master Algorithm: How the Quest for the Ultimate Learning Machine Will Remake Our World (Allen Lane, 2015). Barocas, S. & Selbst, A. D. Calif. Law Rev. 104, 671–732 (2016). Sweeney, L. Discrimination in Online Ad Delivery (2013); available at http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2208240 Armstrong, S. & Orseau, L. in Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence: Proceedings of the Thirty-Second Conference (eds Ihler, A. & Janzing, D.) 557–566 (AUAI Press, 2016); available at http://go.nature.com/2drokil Friedman, B., Kahn, P. H. & Borning, A. in Human–Computer Interaction in Management Information Systems: Foundation (eds Zhang, P. & Galletta, D.) 348–372 (M. E. Sharpe, 2006); available at http://go.nature.com/2dee8om Bostrom, N. Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies (Oxford Univ. Press, 2016). Lin, P. in Autonomes Fahren: Technische, Rechtliche und Gesellschaftliche Aspekte (eds Maurer, M., Gerdes, J. C., Lenz, B. & Winner, H.) 69–85 (Springer, 2015); available at http://doi.org/brdw Saunders, J., Hunt, P. & Hollywood, J. S. J. Exp. Criminol. 12, 347–371 (2016). Article Caruana, R. et al. ‘Intelligible models for healthcare: predicting pneumonia risk and hospital 30-day readmission’ Proc. 21th ACM SIGKDD Int. Conf. on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining 1721–1730 (ACM, 2015). Crawford, K. et al. The AI Now Report: The Social and Economic Implications of Artificial Intelligence Technologies in the Near-Term (2016); available at http://artificialintelligencenow.com Related stories and links From nature.com Program good ethics into artificial intelligence 19 October 2016 Can we open the black box of AI? 05 October 2016 AI talent grab sparks excitement and concern 26 April 2016 Anticipating artificial intelligence 26 April 2016 What Google’s winning Go algorithm will do next 15 March 2016 A world where everyone has a robot: why 2040 could blow your mind 24 February 2016 Google AI algorithm masters ancient game of Go 27 January 2016 Robotics: Ethics of artificial intelligence 27 May 2015 Nature Insight: Machine intelligence Author information Affiliations Kate Crawford is a principal researcher at Microsoft Research in New York City, a visiting professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and a senior research fellow at New York University, New York, USA. Ryan Calo is an assistant professor of law and of information science (by courtesy), and faculty co-director of the Tech Policy Lab at the University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, USA. Corresponding authors Correspondence to: Kate Crawford or Ryan Calo Author details Kate Crawford Contact Kate Crawford Search for this author in NPG journals PubMed Google Scholar Ryan Calo Contact Ryan Calo Search for this author in NPG journals PubMed Google Scholar For the best commenting experience, please login or register as a user and agree to our Community Guidelines. You will be re-directed back to this page where you will see comments updating in real-time and have the ability to recommend comments to other users. Comments 1 comment Subscribe to comments Jean SmilingCoyote • 2016-10-20 02:28 PM I think the caption and text about the Chicago "heat map" algorithm is a bit misleading. While it does generate a list of real people who may be more likely to be involved in violent crime, it does not give the police the right to go round up all of them and detain them for some period of time to prevent their involvement. They might talk with these people, but the laws prevent them from detaining them before a crime has been begun. Laws provide other limits on police actions which I'm not intimately familiar with. CBS-TV had a popular fiction series titled "Person of Interest" which featured a computer which produced such a list. The main characters could get away with a lot more actions to try to prevent the possible crimes, than the Chicago Police can do legally in the real world. Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment See other News & Comment articles from Nature Canada's proposed natural-gas plant stirs more controversy The ultimate experiment: How Trump will handle science What scientists should focus on — and fear — under Trump AI science search engines expand their reach Open peer review finds more takers Playful rats reveal brain region that drives ticklishness Pollsters struggle to explain failures of US presidential forecasts Neuroscience: Tide of forgetting Books in brief Brain implants allow paralysed monkeys to walk Heavy smog, a huge ship and a smashing record Quest to map Africa’s soil microbiome begins The quiet rise of the NIH’s hot new metric How to defeat dementia Brexit chancellor’s annual address is a science nail-biter How scientists reacted to the US election results Donald Trump's US election win stuns scientists I can haz more science emoji? Host of nerd icons proposed The insect crisis we can’t ignore Political upheaval threatens Brazil’s environmental protections Social Media Box - AML E-alert RSS Facebook Twitter Close Follow @naturenews The approaching wave How to defeat dementia Three things are needed to turn the tide on the costliest crisis in health care. Top Content - Article Page Recent Canada's proposed natural-gas plant stirs more controversy Nature 11 November 2016 The ultimate experiment: How Trump will handle science Nature 11 November 2016 What scientists should focus on — and fear — under Trump Nature 11 November 2016 Read Majority of mathematicians hail from just 24 scientific ‘families’ Nature 26 Aug 2016 How to raise a genius: lessons from a 45-year study of super-smart children Nature 07 Sep 2016 Earth-sized planet around nearby star is astronomy dream come true Nature 24 Aug 2016 View all Commented Hillary Clinton will make a fine US president Nature 19 Oct 2016 39 comments Donald Trump's US election win stuns scientists Nature 09 Nov 2016 33 comments Young, talented and fed-up: scientists tell their stories Nature 26 Oct 2016 27 comments View all Newsletter The best science news from Nature and beyond, direct to your inbox every day. <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> State of confusion Pollsters struggle to explain failures of US presidential forecasts Most surveys did not predict Donald Trump’s victory over Hillary Clinton. Got the giggles Playful rats reveal brain region that drives ticklishness Experiments also reveal that rats are ticklish in similar places to humans Tough times Hard work, little reward: Nature readers reveal working hours and research challenges In an online poll, almost two-thirds of readers say they have considered quitting research. Monkey moves Brain implants allow paralysed monkeys to walk Swiss researchers travel to China to conduct pioneering experiment. Nature Podcast Listen This week, CERN for the brain, modelling the effects of a climate tax on food, and a brain-spine interface helps paralysed monkeys walk. Science jobs from nature jobs Faculty Position for Research Director of the Animal BSL3 Facility at Duke-NUS DUKE-NUS Medical school Ph.D. Program and Integrated MS-Ph.D. Program of IBS School-UST Institute for Basic Science Chief of Newborn Medicine Mass General for Children at North Shore Medical Center (NSMC) FACULTY POSITION Physics - Atomic, Molecular and Optical physics ; NYU Shanghai NYU SHANGHAI Gastroenterologist Loyola University Chicago Post a Job More Science Jobs Nature ISSN: 0028-0836 EISSN: 1476-4687 About us Contact us Accessibility statement Help Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms Nature jobs Nature Asia Nature Education RSS web feeds About Nature Contact Nature About the Editors Nature awards Search Go © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All Rights Reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, CrossRef and COUNTER
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News Releases 2013 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for October 15, 2016 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Bart Zandbergen Featured in Premier Edition of NOBLEMAN Magazine and Contributing Writer Certified Financial Planner and in-demand Wealth Advisor Bart Zandbergen is a Featured Contributor to NOBLEMAN Magazine, which provides style and substance for the modern gentleman.     NEWPORT BEACH, CA, October 15, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- NOBLEMAN Magazine, founded by Doug and Lydia McLaughlin, kicked off their official launch with an exclusive celebration at The Ritz Prime Seafood Restaurant in Newport Beach. The star studded affair included enticing displays and curated experiences from Rolls-Royce Motorcars, SeaNet Yachts, Mark Pomerantz and The Cubano Room. DJ Jason Jass from Visions Entertainment set the mood while guests enjoyed carefully crafted hors d'oeuvres, wines by Pomar Junction Winery, and desserts courtesy of Wild Strawberry Cafe. From Orange County's most notable names and faces to former Real Housewives of Orange County stars Gretchen Rossi, Peggy Tanous and Lizzie Rovsek, the invite only launch event brought out all of the "who's who" to toast to the much anticipated first edition. With a broad range of knowledge spanning various industries, Bart Zandbergen joined the elite team of contributors to the magazine. Outside of the financial services industry, Bart has a passion for a variety of things including wine, food, fitness and fashion. As a certified Sommelier, Bart is an expert when it comes to wine and pairings, which is top of mind during the holiday season as people entertain their friends, family and loved ones. In the carefully curated first issue, Bart shared his recommendations for "9 Wines to Try this Fall" in the "Sip and Saveur" article featured on pages 124 and 125. In addition to his contributor article, the publication also chose to profile Bart in their "People" section. Showcasing his passions and perspectives in "Life's a Journey, Invest Wisely" featured on pages 90 and 91, Bart talks about life as a wealth advisor and shares his favorite OC hot spots, must-have essentials and life lessons gathered along the way. Visit www.NoblemanMagazine.com to purchase a copy of the special launch issue. "It's an honor to be contributing to NOBLEMAN Magazine. The dynamic platform is unlike any other, complete with synergies that I deeply value as my brand evolves to the next level." - Bart Zandbergen, Certified Financial Planner About NOBLEMAN Magazine: NOBLEMAN is a magazine designed for the gentlemanly alpha male, the leading man who is confident, capable and truly appreciates the finer things in life. He is not one to beat his own chest; the NOBLEMAN is humble despite his great achievements, and always eager to discover and learn. He possesses his own individual style, but also endeavors to keep up with ever-changing fashion trends; however, he is never a fashion victim. He is a knowledgeable man who can converse on any subject, and fights for the causes he truly believes in. The NOBLEMAN is successful in his professional life, a true man of character who aspires to intelligence and cares for those around him. He is a man of style, substance and success. NOBLEMAN is the arbiter of taste in fashion, luxury travel, real estate, technology, automobiles, food, as well as arts and entertainment trends. With stunning photography and a sophisticated wit, NOBLEMAN focuses on the looks, people, places and events that define Orange County's creative style. NOBLEMAN is one of the most beautiful magazines in the world - more like a coffee table book, proudly displayed in the finest homes and businesses. About Bart Zandbergen: Globally respected as an authority in financial planning and investment advising, Bart Zandbergen helps men and women gain the financial confidence they desire. With more than 24 years of dynamic experience, Bart is known for his ability to create strategies that work progressively towards his client's goals. By listening to his client's needs and wants, Bart is able to use his in depth experience and current market knowledge to help his clientele navigate their wealth management journey. He is proud to be a Registered Representative of FMN CAPITAL CORPORATION and an Investment Advisor Representative of FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT NETWORK, INC. Recognized as an innovator, Bart is an experienced public speaker and has earned many accolades over the years for his professional work. His expert point of view has been published in the New York Times as well as the Orange County Register. A native Californian, Bart is committed to his community and enjoys supporting organizations that make a difference. He has spent time as an instructor at the California State University at Long Beach and as a former counselor/teacher for the "Money Matters" Ministry of Coast Hills Community Church. Today, Bart is deeply invested in many organizations in his hometown of Laguna Beach and throughout Orange County. A dedicated husband, father, and grandfather, Bart embraces culture through his passion for fashion, fitness and wine. Cultivating his penchant for fine wine and dining, Bart completed his exclusive training to become a Certified Sommelier and Wine Specialist and is currently working on his Personal Training Certification through the National Academy of Sports Medicine. As a former model with LA Models, Brand Talent and Shamon Freitas, Bart also spends time as a guest model and ambassador for Orange County based b.spoke style. Professional Credentials + Awards - Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, California State University at Fullerton - Certified Financial Planner , College for Financial Planning in Denver, Colorado - Certified Divorce Financial Analyst - Series 7 Securities Licensee - Life/Health/Disability Insurance Licensee - Publisher of "The Zandbergen Report" - Selected as "One of America's Best Financial Planners", by the Consumers' Research Council of America - Recognized as a "5 Star Wealth Advisor" for 5 consecutive years by Orange Coast Magazine Lifestyle + Community Affiliations - President, Laguna Beach Business Club - President, Laguna Beach Branch of the International Wine and Food Society - Certified Sommelier, Certified Specialist of Wine, and Wine & Spirits Education Trust of England- Advanced - Member, Confrerie de la Chaine des Rotisseurs - Member, Center Club and Board of Governors for ClubCorp - Member, Laguna Community Foundation - Member, Endowment Committee of the Boys and Girls Club of Laguna Beach - Member, Financial Planning Association of Orange County - Brand Ambassador, b.spoke style - Contributor, Nobleman Magazine Learn more: www.BartZandbergen.com | www.Facebook.com/BartZandbergenCFP | @BartZandbergen # # # Read more Press Releases from Paula Steurer: Driven by Dyslexia, Entrepreneur Evan Paul Pursued an Automotive Empire NOBLEMAN Magazine Launches in the Heart of the California Riviera Ruff House Pet Resort Announces "Summer Social" and Dog Pool Grand Opening at their Vacation for Dogs themed Pet Resort Project Management Institute's OC Chapter Announces Annual Conference "Building Leaders for Business" Established Technology and Automotive Entrepreneur Launches Latest Venture, Evan Paul Auto Capital Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Paula Steurer Sterling Public Relations Corona del Mar, California United States Voice: 949-200-6566 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2016 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Online Learning Update Online Learning News and Research ~ Ray Schroeder, editor ~ University of Illinois at Springfield « Traditional universities transformed online learning, but can it replace them? MOOC-Based Credential Options Expand in Online Education » Leaders need to start planning now for artificial intelligence. by Geoff Colvin, Fortune Many CEOs tell me their greatest fear is being blindsided by a competitor they never even thought of as a competitor, threatening to make the CEO’s business irrelevant by using technology and a business model the CEO hadn’t imagined. That’s why I urge you to read Roger Parloff’s new cover story on deep learning, how it’s changing our lives, and how, as he says, it “will soon transform corporate America,” and business globally for that matter. We’ve all been reading a lot about artificial intelligence (AI), but we now must understand finer distinctions. Within AI is a set of techniques called machine learning, enabling computers to get better at tasks with practice. And within machine learning is deep learning, involving algorithms by which computers train themselves using multi-layered neural networks and vast quantities of data. If you don’t really understand that, you’d better read the article. http://fortune.com/2016/10/05/ai-artificial-intelligence-deep-learning-employers/ Share on Facebook This entry was posted on Saturday, October 15th, 2016 at 12:10 am and is filed under Online Learning News. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed. Comments are closed. Online Learning Update is proudly powered by WordPress Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS).
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → What Will We Do When Siri Picks Our Pocket? John Martellaro @jmartellaro Oct 14th, 2016 5:56 PM EST | Particle Debris “I’m sorry, John, I’m afraid I can’t do that.” WIRED has published an interview with President Obama, to appear in the November issue. “Barack Obama, Neural Nets, Self-Driving Cars, and The Future of the World.” Right away, I thought about Apple’s Siri when I spotted a noteworthy comment by Mr. Obama: The way I’ve been thinking about the regulatory structure as AI emerges is that, early in a technology, a thousand flowers should bloom. And the government should add a relatively light touch, investing heavily in research and making sure there’s a conversation between basic research and applied research. As technologies emerge and mature, then figuring out how they get incorporated into existing regulatory structures becomes a tougher problem, and the government needs to be involved a little bit more. Not always to force the new technology into the square peg that exists but to make sure the regulations reflect a broad base set of values. Otherwise, we may find that it’s disadvantaging certain people or certain groups. That may be the key question of the 21st century. When is the right time to step in and put AI’s into the framework of human morality, oversight, and government regulations so that powerful corporations don’t use AIs to oppress or exploit other humans? Today, one dominant meme is to let businesses flourish. It’s part of American economic strength. On the other hand, there is also a need to provide benign regulation that ensures businesses don’t run roughshod over citizens. This constant tension between the two camps is good because both free enterprise and sensible regulation both play a role in the health of the economy and its people. A major problem here with AI is that a time might come when AI’s are able to learn and teach themselves faster than humans can manage them. As President Obama suggested, AI’s that aren’t properly constrained and regulated could be unleashed on unsuspecting citizens in an out of control avalanche. If that sounds unrealistic, I refer you to this: “Artificial intelligence-powered malware is coming, and it’s going to be terrifying.” Today, many government leaders are having a tough time understanding and coping with the nuances of science, technology and climate. The government leaders of the future will face exponentially more dangerous problems and regulatory issues, and it’ll start with Artificial Intelligence entities. Apple and Siri vs. the World What role do we expect Apple to play here? Is that even on the roadmap for Siri? For example, Apple took a leadership position against the FBI last spring on personal privacy and encryption. How, in turn, will Apple deal with the competitive evolution of Siri?  Leave it to evolve weakly, and the competition will gobble it up.  Make Siri super bright, the ultimate AI, and it could get out of control. Should Apple advise the federal government on regulations that would  shackle its own research? To deal with issues like this, Amazon, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and IBM have formed “The Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society,” It’s described here: “Tech Giants Team Up To Tackle The Ethics Of Artificial Intelligence.” Good stuff. As of this writing, Apple still hasn’t joined. Next page: The Tech News Debris for the Week of October 10th. Apple + Intel = Excedrin headache. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple, Autonomous cars, Mac, SIri 11 Comments Add a comment CudaBoy October 14, 2016 short story “I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream” – is the AI story that keeps Elon awake at night. Very quick read you can find online-if you don’t get nightmares easily that is. October 14, 2016 at 8:47 EST PM John Martellaro October 14, 2016 Ahh…. Harlan Ellison! I’ll have to dig that out of my library and read it again. October 14, 2016 at 9:12 EST PM Bregalad October 14, 2016 Intel has long had integrated graphics for low end hardware. As their technology improved they were able to push into higher and higher price ranges. With their Iris chips they were finally getting into the upper tiers of home and business PCs. The roadmap you’re referring to is proof that the marketplace has spoken. Most manufacturers use Intel graphics in machines where energy efficiency trumps performance, where all that’s needed is “good enough”. Intel has a huge advantage in that market because they can provide a single energy efficient chip that provides top notch CPU performance and good general purpose graphics. Apple may not have been the only company to ship “Pro” models without discrete GPUs, but they were definitely the only company to put Iris-specific acceleration into their software. That move has backfired and Apple needs to have a good backup plan. I think Apple’s long term plan is to abandon Intel like they dropped IBM and Motorola before that. They want to control the whole widget and there are clear advantages to having the same chip family powering all Apple products. It could make it much easier to develop software that runs on both Macs and iPads and I think customers would like that. The Apple A-series chips are rapidly catching up to Intel in performance too. But that’s a long term goal. Apple needs to do something right now to convince people that the Mac (whether x86 or ARM) has a future. I’ve been a Mac user for nearly 25 years, but I’m very discouraged with the direction the company has been going in the last 5. I’m clinging to a 2011 iMac, but my son has a Windows PC and my wife has an Android phone. The day we completely abandon Apple may be coming soon. October 14, 2016 at 9:47 EST PM NorthSaanichBC October 15, 2016 “What Will We Do When Siri Picks Our Pocket?” Answer: Invite her back home for a romantic evening (Siri, I think you already knew that it wasn’t a “gun” in my pocket 😉). October 15, 2016 at 11:41 EST AM Lee Dronick October 15, 2016 “We’ve survived the crisis of having the 3.5 mm headphone jack removed from the iPhone 7” We does not include me as I do not yet have an iPhone 7. Where I am suffering greatly is with iOS Music and that disaster of an app. I think that it was designed by someome who got fired for incompetence from Facebook. October 15, 2016 at 3:22 EST PM brilor October 16, 2016 At this point it’s more likely to be something other than Siri picking our collective pockets. See Walt Mossberg’s column for more. Siri is basic. Would like to be able to make queries like: “What time is XXXX on TV tonight?” “What channel is XXXX on?” “How much is XXXX on Amazon?” “Check for new emails.” “When was my last email from X?” “Text XXXX about [subject] in one hour.” “What’s the best way to go to work this morning.” or even better: “Order my usual pizza from X.” “Open X files and send them as a PDF to XX” “Back up my system to Time Machine and then put the computer to sleep.” “Retrieve [file name] from my last time Machine backup.” “Copy [folder name] to iCloud Drive Also Siri currently doesn’t learn from the context of the conversation: Me: I want to visit Liz’ house. Siri: There is no one named Lucy in your contacts. Me: Her full name in my contact is Lizzy Wright. Siri: I am sorry I don’t understand what you mean. Didn’t Apple’s original Siri team( acquired IIRC ) leave Apple and start a new project? Other AIs are flawed but Siri is not the most intelligent. October 16, 2016 at 7:13 EST PM brilor October 16, 2016 At this point it’s more likely to be something other than Siri picking our collective pockets. See Walt Mossberg’s column for more. Siri is basic. Would like to be able to make queries like: “What time is XXXX on TV tonight?” “What channel is XXXX on?” “How much is XXXX on Amazon?” “Check for new emails.” “When was my last email from X?” “Text XXXX about [subject] in one hour.” “What’s the best way to go to work this morning.” or even better: “Order my usual pizza from X.” “Open X files and send them as a PDF to XX” “Back up my system to Time Machine and then put the computer to sleep.” “Retrieve [file name] from my last time Machine backup.” “Copy [folder name] to iCloud Drive Also Siri currently doesn’t learn from the context of the conversation: Me: I want to visit Liz’ house. Siri: There is no one named Lucy in your contacts. Me: Her full name in my contact is Lizzy Wright. Siri: I am sorry I don’t understand what you mean. Didn’t Apple’s original Siri team( acquired IIRC ) leave Apple and start a new project? Other AIs are flawed but Siri is not the most intelligent. October 16, 2016 at 7:14 EST PM aardman October 17, 2016 So Five of the biggest tech companies have formed “The Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society” to address the ethical issues surrounding AI. I don’t expect much from this partnership given that 3 of the 5 are headed, or co-headed, by people who I suspect to be sociopaths. October 17, 2016 at 10:55 EST AM vpndev October 17, 2016 I sure hope that Apple is doing a Mac rollout on the 25th before the delayed financial report on 27th because otherwise they’re going to be killed [figuratively]. The continued reliance upon Intel has proven to be a millstone. October 17, 2016 at 9:01 EST PM John Martellaro October 17, 2016 vpndev. So far as I know, the earnings report is on the 25th. http://investor.apple.com October 17, 2016 at 10:55 EST PM Proto732 October 18, 2016 What is stopping Apple from going back to optional discrete graphics chipsets from NVIDIA or AMD like they used to do in the Pro line? October 18, 2016 at 4:31 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5183 John Martellaro columns-opinions 11 1476467773 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 14 Nov 2016 Navigation Facebook Twitter RSS Sign up for weekly updates Home News Investigations Science Editorial Comment Features Columns Culture Theatre Music Film Books Games TV Lifestyle Escape Food & Drink Fashion & Beauty Interviews Sport Team Print Comment | Awareness days entrench discrimination Features | How to get the most out of punting Chief Rabbi fires warning to university vice-chancellors Pressure builds on NUS as Lincoln University votes to disaffiliate University set to abolish public class lists Download the latest issue View all downloads Cambridge students create 'world's most advanced legal chatbot' Story: Khushali Dodhia   Twitter: khushnwizdom    October 13, 2016 Image credit: Alan Cleaver A group of Cambridge law students have created LawBot, a chatbot which tells users if they have been the victims of crime. Dubbed “the world’s most advanced legal chatbot” by its creators Ludwig Bull, Rebecca Agliolo, Nadia Abdul, and Jozo Maruscak, the non-profit program asks users questions in order to figure out whether a crime was committed. It can currently identify and comment on 26 different offences. Victims can then decide which available legal actions they wish to pursue with a certified solicitor. The four were inspired by Stanford student Joshua Browder’s AI lawyer DoNotPay, which has successfully contested hundreds of thousands of parking tickets across London and New York for free. “The fact that we created it in a few short months attests to the gap in the market for artificially intelligent legal services,” said Agliolo, LawBot’s marketing director. She emphasised the students’ aim of improving access to justice: “The law is shrouded in ‘legalese’, and often incomprehensible for non-lawyers: LawBot bridges this gap to provide understandable, accessible access to legal knowledge.” One third-year lawyer commented, “Despite the downfall of needing to ask the right questions to get a response, LawBot is a thorough instrument that could be very useful in helping people who are unaware of the criminal law to assert their rights.”   blog comments powered by Disqus Related Stories News: Cambridge ranks top 10 in number of billionaire alumni November 12, 2016 News: Pink Floyd's Syd Barrett finally recognised in Cambridge November 12, 2016 News: New medical scanners help read the fine print November 10, 2016 In this section Latest Most read News: Cambridge ranks top 10 in number of billionaire alumni November 12, 2016 News: Pink Floyd's Syd Barrett finally recognised in Cambridge November 12, 2016 News: New medical scanners help read the fine print November 10, 2016 News: Men are 'missing ingredient' in fixing workplace inequality, says Medwards study November 10, 2016 News: Cambridge reacts to Trump’s triumph in the American election November 9, 2016 News: Cambridge amongst 10 universities undertaking one third of UK's animal testing November 8, 2016 News: First dinosaur brain found in fossil November 6, 2016 News: Why are there so many ladybirds about? October 29, 2016 News: Distinguished barrister Lord Grabiner to become new Master of Clare College December 15, 2013 News: Yes Campaign wins class lists referendum November 4, 2016 News: Cambridge is third stingiest city in UK to trick-or-treaters October 29, 2016 News: BREAKING: Peterhouse votes remain in CUSU referendum October 29, 2016 News: Hundreds march in protest against University animal testing April 25, 2015 News: First dinosaur brain found in fossil November 6, 2016 Across the site Latest Most read News: Pink Floyd's Syd Barrett finally recognised in Cambridge November 12, 2016 Food & Drink: Taste Test: Cheese November 12, 2016 Escape: Escape from the Bubble: Vietnam November 12, 2016 Theatre: Review: Scenes From a Void November 12, 2016 News: Cambridge ranks top 10 in number of billionaire alumni November 12, 2016 Theatre: Review: Comedy Weakly November 12, 2016 Theatre: Review: Banged Up! November 11, 2016 News: Why are there so many ladybirds about? October 29, 2016 News: Distinguished barrister Lord Grabiner to become new Master of Clare College December 15, 2013 News: Yes Campaign wins class lists referendum November 4, 2016 News: Cambridge is third stingiest city in UK to trick-or-treaters October 29, 2016 Fashion & Beauty: Mirror, mirror: Faith and self-esteem November 6, 2016 News: BREAKING: Peterhouse votes remain in CUSU referendum October 29, 2016 News: Hundreds march in protest against University animal testing April 25, 2015 Best of the Rest Food & Drink: Taste Test: Cheese November 12, 2016 Culture: A Trump-Free America? '30 Days, 30 Songs' November 8, 2016 Culture: Review: We Are Scientists at the Junction November 7, 2016 Interviews: Sophie Walker on "making politics about women" November 6, 2016 Interviews: Tim Farron: Lib-Dems should lead the charge against nationalism November 6, 2016 Comments News RSS feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Print this page Home News Investigations Science Editorial Comment Features Columns Culture Theatre Music Film Books Games TV Lifestyle Escape Food & Drink Fashion & Beauty Interviews Sport Team Print About Constitution Editorial Independence FAQ Apply Contact Complaints Publication Dates The Team Cookie Policy|Advertise with us|© The Cambridge Student 2014 [x] Sign up to receive weekly updates Please select Cambridge student Cambridge alumni Prospective student Press Other Sign up for: Downloads Weekly Updates Sign up No, thanks
X Close Entertainment Movies Music TV People People Style Men Women Culture Arts Books Design Food Food News Eating Out Recipes Health Wellness Fitness Nutrition Family Family Living Living Travel Malaysia Asia & Oceania Americas Europe Africa Videos Entertainment Movies Upin and Ipin, tiny boys with a huge audience Who will Johnny Depp play in Fantastic Beasts sequel? Review: Shut In Chris Pine, Jeff Bridges together in Hell Or High Water Music Listen to Jose Gonzalez's music live in Singapore Is Taylor Swift still relevant after 10 years? Third Eye Blind is still living a semi-charmed kind of life Singing sensation Jeryl Lee Pei Ling goes back to school TV Stephen Amell teases Arrow S5 plots Elijah Wood stars in new TV series This local horror novel is so popular it is becoming a TV show 10 must-watch shows on dimsum People People Bake Off's Mary Berry gets new food-theme show Perkeso case managers give injured workers the crucial support they need to get back to work Ann Patchett novel taps her family Robert Vaughn, Man From U.N.C.L.E. actor, dies aged 83 Style Men Is Coach cool? This book thinks so Would you wear sunglasses made by a famous watch brand? The new Uniqlo U collection rolls out this month Before you grow your moustache, here’s what you need to know about Movember Women Supermodel Karen Elson picks up lush beauty deal There is a way to repair damaged hair Bling it on This jewellery collection will make you see the appeal of pearls Culture Arts What makes the Avengers tick? Find out here 'Genius' art from the 1980s A cool place for Chinese ink paintings Veteran artist celebrates a life well-lived Books Review: Commonwealth Ann Patchett novel taps her family Muslim women in Singapore speak out Review: Thunder Boy Jr Design Designers took this simple chair and totally transformed it Internet finds feature in this apartment Little boutique hotel in Penang wins big award A house filled with lovingly hand-crafted furniture and decor Food Food News 4 charming cafes in Kuala Lumpur you never knew existed The flavour jigsaw: Hot chillies – Part 1 Redzepi to go vegetarian for part of the year 5 nostalgic childhood treats from around the world Eating Out 4 charming cafes in Kuala Lumpur you never knew existed Hong Kong singing stars are hits in the kitchen Eating Out For Under RM30: Kedai Kopi Yee Fung 6 ways to have a meal in the clouds Recipes 4 dishes to make with pears Sweet, spicy Japanese-style fried chicken 3 ways with udon Clean up your plate with these Indian seafood dishes Health Wellness Diabetes does not discriminate Pregnant women need to see their doctors a lot more Binge watching your favourite TV shows can increase your belly fat What happens to your body if you suffer from diabetes? Fitness Here's why you don't lose weight even though you exercise daily If you want to be super fit, you need to be competitive If you have long-term neck pain, you really should consider this exercise Walking your dogs can do more than just boost fitness Nutrition If you want your children to eat healthy, turn off the TV Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Vital nutrients for diabetes How to train your brain to fight junk food temptations Family Family Pregnant women need to see their doctors a lot more Dear Thelma: My son is stealing from me! When you have diabetes during pregnancy Healthy habits for both mother and child Living Living This little furry fella fits in your hand What makes the Avengers tick? Find out here Things you need to know before taking in a stray cat Hey ladies, here's how to take care of business... down there Travel Malaysia A showcase of uniquely Malaysian delights The world’s most Instagrammed tourist attractions Travellers will be going on microadventures in 2017 One of the best places to travel to in 2017 is... Perak Asia & Oceania Colourful limestone pools a dazzling sight The world’s highest bridge is almost completed Taipei is full of thrills This river gets you up close to nature Americas 6 best destinations for nature lovers in 2017 Trails that take you to the playground of wildlife in Florida Tulum, the other side of Riviera Maya 3 top picks for hot dog fun when you're in America Europe Norway in a nutshell Take a look at where a monster lived and died 6 best destinations for nature lovers in 2017 James Bond is quite at home at this hotel Africa Blink but don't miss a visit to Swaziland Somalia's cave art faces a rocky future Virtual tour: Go on safari with Google Could you run a marathon through the Sahara desert? Videos Chimpanzees and other great apes were found to have a behaviour that was previously thought to be exclusive to humans, says expert.Animals Home Living Science & Technology What happens when this chimp watches a man in a King Kong suit? October 14, 2016 Animals, Living, Science & Technology By AGENCY Related Articles Can you trust a banker? Research study says 'Not really' Scientists using homemade videos featuring a person in a King Kong costume have documented a remarkable cognitive skill shared by chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans: the human-like ability to recognise when someone else’s beliefs are wrong. The research demonstrated that these great apes, humankind’s closest living evolutionary cousins, possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, the scientists said recently. As individual apes were shown videos featuring a human actor and a costumed ape-like King Kong character, researchers tracked their eye movements. In the video, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. When the person leaves, King Kong moves the object to a new location. When the person returns to find the object, the apes looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. Even though the apes knew the object had been moved, they understood that the human thought it was still there, said study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan. The ability to think about others’ thoughts and emotions is at the heart of so much of human social behaviour, including our unique forms of communication, cooperation and culture, said study co-leader Christopher Krupenye. At the core of this ability is understanding that others’ actions are guided not necessarily by reality but by their beliefs about reality, even when false, added Krupenye, a comparative psychologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany who worked on the study, published in the journal Science, at Duke University. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age 4 or 5. The ability to understand someone else’s false beliefs is a trait that the great apes share with humans “Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn’t so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general,” Krupenye said. By studying these apes, researchers seek to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with other apes and thus likely were present in the common ancestor that lived some 13 to 18 million years ago before the split of the evolutionary lineage of humans and those other species, Krupenye added. Previous research showed that apes can reason about others’ goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen, Krupenye said. – Reuters/Will Dunham Tags great apes behaviour great apes intelligence human behaviour human social behaviour Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology Next article Kee's World - October 15, 2016 Previous article First look at Amber Heard as the Queen Of Atlantis You May Be Interested Animals November 14, 2016 This little furry fella fits in your hand Arts November 14, 2016 What makes the Avengers tick? Find out here Animals November 13, 2016 Things you need to know before taking in a stray cat All comments are moderated. Your comment may not show up immediately. Please keep it clean and on topic. Offensive comments will not be published. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Advertisement Most Viewed Nov 14, 2016 This little furry fella fits in your hand Nov 13, 2016 Hey ladies, here’s how to take care of business… down there Nov 13, 2016 Things you need to know before taking in a stray cat Nov 13, 2016 Hey, killer clowns, we have a question for you Nov 13, 2016 Restoring and retaining moisture in your skin Topics Science & Technology Environment Animals Advertisement Advertisement Entertainment People Style Culture Food Health Family Living Travel Videos Back to top About Star2.com Star2.com is the lifestyle portal of The Star Media Group. Star2.com features stories on Entertainment, People, Style, Culture, Food, Health, Family, Living and Travel. Additional Information About us Terms of use Contact us Privacy policy Mobile App Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Menu Submit Subscribe Search Advertising Contact Close Menu × Communities All Hampton Kennebecasis Valley North End Sussex City Centre East Side West Side Columns All Musings Ravings Around & About Ask The Chef Director’s Notes Dollars & Sense Family Matters Get Fishing Listen In Live Well Point of View Magazines Hampton Herald Sussex Herald Valley Viewer The Tides Events Businesses About The Ossekeag Way Our Team Editorial Policy Pic of the Month Rules Awards & Recognition Search Go! Investing In Your Future: Invest Like A Business Owner Posted on October 15, 2016 by Steve Downey Here’s what an emotional investor does: Checks the market constantly, worries about every uptick and downtick, rapidly realigns his or her portfolio at the first sign of a stock or market downturn, tends to jump into and out of the market chasing hot stocks and dumping down stocks. And here’s one other thing an emotional investor does: Severely limits his or her chances for long-term financial success.  Rational investors know that the best approach is to take the emotion out of investing. Many of them are business-owners and replace emotional investing with a business-owner approach. They have found success incorporating these business-owner principles into their investment plans.  Clear investment goals: Rational investors set goals and have the discipline to stick to them. Yes, they want to make money but they set their return objectives against clear short- and long-term goals.  Know when to delegate: Successful business-owners know they can’t do everything themselves so they hire capable people with the talent and ability to enhance their business. Similarly, rational investors delegate their investment decisions to professionals who have the talent and ability to help them achieve and sustain their financial goals.  Be risk averse: Both rational business-owners and rational investors definitely want to create wealth but they also understand the need for wealth protection. That’s why their portfolios are carefully crafted and well-diversified to reduce risk and provide more stable returns over the long-term.  Just the facts: Rational investors make investment decisions based on facts not on feelings. They do not get caught up in “the investment flavour of the moment” and are careful to keep their emotions out of investment choices.  In the know: Rational business-owners keep a daily watch on investment news and consider its implications but like rational investors, they also keep their focus on long-term trends not day-to-day fluctuations.  Seize opportunity: Rational individuals, business-owners and investors alike, trust their intelligence. They actively seek money-making opportunities – especially in a volatile market – by hedging, shorting and using other investment strategies to pick up assets at bargain prices.  If an unemotional business-owner approach to investing appeals to you – and it should because it’s often a better path to financial success – then talk to your professional advisor about the investment strategies that work best for you. This story was posted in the community of City Centre, East Side, Hampton, Kennebecasis Valley, North End, Other Locations, Sussex, West Side. Email address Community updates in your inbox. Unsubscribe at anytime. Sign me up Investing In Your Future: Discuss Your Estate Plan Now Some things are difficult to talk about with family – and death leads that list. The reluctance... Well Rested: What Regulates Our Sleep? The first, sleep/wake homeostasis has a long name but is actually quite simple. This is an accumulation... Hampton History: November Part II 1. “Manufacturers of the Victoria Acetylene Gas Machine and dealers in Lump Carbide, desire to announce that... About Us Advertise Subscribe Privacy & Terms ossekeag publishing is an independent publisher of community magazines that get people involved in the great things going on, right in their own back yards. © Copyright Ossekeag 2016 Subscribe No spam. Unsubscribe at any time. Get all our recent news and blog updates right in your inbox. Just enter your email below. Subscribe
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Productivity/ E-mail/ Need Help Scheduling Meetings? Just Ask X.ai's Amy Need Help Scheduling Meetings? Just Ask X.ai's Amy By Tom Brant October 13, 2016 06:30pm EST 10 Comments The startup graduated Amy, its digital scheduling assistant, from beta this week. Forget Cortana. One AI personal assistant has been quietly scheduling meetings for more than two years, and is now poised to shed her beta status. Her name is Amy Ingram, and she is the brainchild of X.ai, a New York City startup that has trained her by scheduling hundreds of thousands of meetings and processing millions of scheduling-related emails since June 2014. Busy professionals can still take advantage advantage of X.ai's skills for free, by forwarding meeting requests to amy@x.ai. But now there's also a $39-per-month paid option, which removes the five meetings per month limit of the free version. A $59-per-month plan adds more invoicing options for large companies. Amy works by handling all of the time, date, and place negotiation for both parties who want to schedule a meeting. You CC her on an initial email and she then sends automatic messages until both parties agree, at which point she'll send a calendar invite. Handling everything over email means there's no app required, but she does have the potential to flood your inbox. //Related Articles Meet Scarlet, My New AI Assistant "I came up with the idea for x.ai after I went through the enormous pain of manually scheduling 1,019 meetings in 2012, of which ~670 had updates and or were rescheduled at least once," X.ai's founder Dennis Mortensen said in a statement. "Anybody who goes through that amount of pain will try to find a way to remove it." Microsoft and Google, too, hope professionals will use their artificial intelligence assistant to schedule meetings. In January, Microsoft beefed up the scheduling capabilities of its Windows 10 assistant, Cortana. She can now alert you to incoming meeting requests that may conflict with your schedule, though she won't negotiate for you. Like Cortana, Google's Assistant also knows your schedule. But its usefulness as a scheduling tool remains untested; the first mainstream products to use it, Google's Home speaker and Pixel smartphone, won't go on sale until later this year. Back to top Previous : Yahoo 'Temporarily' Disables Auto Email Forwarding Preview Outlook.com Premium for $20 Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Amazon Ordered to Refund Kids' In-App Purchases Amazon now requires a password for all in-app purchases. More » Microsoft Won't Offer Free Office Apps for Many Chrome OS Devices Chrome OS devices with screens larger than 10.1" will need an Office 365 subscription. More » Report: Spotify Fixes Hard Drive-Killing Desktop Glitch Some reported read and write rates of hundreds of gigabytes per hour, potentially shortening hard dr... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
