Business Technology Intel buys San Diego’s Nervana Systems Intel is buying San Diego's Nervana Systems. Pictured are Intel’s Diane Bryant with Nervana co-founders Naveen Rao, Arjun Bansal, Amir Khosrowshaki and Intel vice president Jason Waxman Intel Intel is buying San Diego's Nervana Systems. Pictured are Intel’s Diane Bryant with Nervana co-founders Naveen Rao, Arjun Bansal, Amir Khosrowshaki and Intel vice president Jason Waxman Intel is buying San Diego's Nervana Systems. Pictured are Intel’s Diane Bryant with Nervana co-founders Naveen Rao, Arjun Bansal, Amir Khosrowshaki and Intel vice president Jason Waxman (Intel) Mike FreemanContact Reporter San Diego’s Nervana Systems, which has developed an artificial intelligence platform for analyzing massive amounts of data, has agreed to be acquired by Intel. The 48-employee company will remain in San Diego and operate under its own brand name, said co-founder and Chief Executive Naveen Rao. Founded in 2014 by computational neuro-scientists, Nervana raised more than $25 million from investors to design a neural network computing system that can learn on its own. The purchase price was not disclosed. But technology website Recode, founded by former Wall Street Journal tech journalists, reported that Intel will pay around $408 million for Nervana, citing sources familiar with the deal. The sale gives Nervana the resources, semiconductor expertise and customer access to flesh-out its artificial intelligence technology — which is made up of software and specialized computer chips, said Rao. “Now as part of Intel it is exciting to us because we have access to technology we simply couldn’t access before,” he said. Nervana has launched a cloud-based platform used for such things as pinpointing oil drilling sites from satellite photos, analyzing seed data to improve farming and combing financial reports to uncover bogus trading. Intel plans to blend Nervana into its data center business. The semiconductor giant makes chips that power most of the computer servers used in data centers. “Nervana has a fully optimized software and hardware stack for deep learning,” said Diane Bryant, executive vice president at Intel’s Data Center Group. “Their intellectual property and expertise in accelerating deep learning algorithms will expand Intel’s capabilities in the field of artificial intelligence.” Jason Waxman, an Intel vice president, said computing is on the cusp of a transition to new architectures for analyzing big data. “We are moving to a world where the machines themselves are generating more data than we can keep up with,” Waxman said. “The idea behind artificial intelligence — with all the data given off by cars, planes, smart cities, health care and wearables — is how do you allow people to derive insight in a way that is manageable?” Today, Nervana’s cloud-based technology runs its artificial intelligence software — called Neon — on graphics processors from Nvidia. While the framework analyzes data fast, it could run algorithms even faster on its own silicon, said Rao. Nervana expects to have its own deep learning chips ready early next year. “We used the GPUs as a stop-gap,” Rao said. “Speed is super important in this space because training a neural network on existing hardware can take months. So speed is the true enabler here.” Nervana has competitors for its software platform — including Google’s TensorFlow and Microsoft’s Computational Network Toolkit. Rao said Nervana plans to continue to support other open source artificial intelligence software frameworks. “With this deal, we can now shatter the old paradigm and move into a new regime of computing,” he said. “We’ll look back in 10 years and see this time as the inflection point when compute architectures became neural.” Investors in Nervana include DFJ Ventures, Data Collective, Allen & Co., AME Cloud Ventures, Playground Global, CME Group, Fuel Capital, Lux Capital and Omidyar Network. “The venture world doesn’t often get excited about a chip company these days, but Naveen and the Nervana founding team’s audacious plan to build a deep learning compute fabric that would take artificial intelligence to the next frontier had us captivated from day one,” said Steve Jurvetson, managing partner of DFJ, in a statement. “Cheers to the Nervana team.” Copyright © 2016, The San Diego Union-Tribune US Politics Latest Most Popular Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help Today's Paper 67°
Skip to main content CRN Home Page   The Channel Company Menu Home News Companies Company News CRN CLOSEUPS AT&T AlienVault Commvault Connectwise Juniper Networks Ruckus Wireless Tintri Slideshows Video Blogs Reviews CRN 360 Authentication Cloud Backup & Recovery Cloud Services Cloud Software Cloud Vars Current Threats Cyber Security Endpoint Security Enterprise Opportunities Network Security SD-WAN SMB & Midmarket Opportunities Threat Management Wireless for SMBs How-to Research Lists Events Learning Centers Dell EMC World Special Issue 100 People You Should Know Showcase Cloud Partner Program Guide Showcase Future of Mobility Solutions Cylance Security Learning Center Easy Connect Managed Hybrid Server Center Digital Innovation Together Cloud Security Learning Center Data Fabric Learning Center Security Delivery Platform Learning Center IOT SOLUTION PROVIDER Webroot Learning Center Business Compute Forum StorageCraft Recover-ability Women of the Channel Jobs Technologies Apps & OS Application Development Business Intelligence and Analytics Collaboration and Communications Database and System Software Enterprise Applications Open Source Operating systems SMB Applications Software as a Service Channel Distribution Enterprise Opportunities Mergers and Acquisitions Professional Services SMB/Midmarket Opportunities Vertical Opportunities Cloud Cloud Channel Programs Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Platforms Cloud Security Cloud Software Cloud Storage Cloud VARs Components & Peripherals CPUs/GPUs Digital Signage/Monitors Hard Drives Motherboards Printers White Box Data Center Network/Systems Management Power/Heating and Cooling Servers Internet of Things Managed Services Mobility Desktop/Clients Notebooks Smart phones Tablets Ultrabooks Wearables Networking Routers and Switches Telecom VOIP and Unified Communications Video Wireless Security Access Control Application and Platform Security Current Threats Data Breaches Data Protection Technologies Network Security Threat Management Storage Data Protection/Disaster Recovery Networked Storage Storage Services Storage software Virtualization Holiday Gift Guide 2016: 25 Gadgets That Make Great Gifts For Techies          * Black Friday 2016: Top Laptop, Tablet And PC Deals          * The Top 10 Best-Selling Chromebooks In 2016 Q3          * Black Friday 2016: 25 Best Tech Deals          * CRN Exclusive: HPE CEO Whitman On Cisco's 'Weakness,' the Arista Partner Opportunity, Server Sales Issues, And The Starboard Value Investment In HPE          * Here Are The 8 Best-Selling Networking Switch Brands In Q3 2016          * 12 Things To Know About Presidio's IPO Filing           * The Best And Worst Channel Company Stocks In The Third Quarter Of 2016          * Tweet Partners: Intel Pushes Innovation Envelope With Acquisition Of AI Startup Nervana Systems byLindsey O'Donnell on August 9, 2016, 7:10 pm EDT Printer-friendly version Email this CRN article Pages 1 2 next › last » Partners are applauding Intel's news Tuesday that it will scoop up Nervana Systems, which specializes in deep learning and and neural networks, as the company doubles down on artificial intelligence. Kent Tibbils, vice president of marketing at ASI, a Fremont, Calif.-based Intel system builder, cheered the acquisition as another example of "Intel's commitment to new technologies that leverage their core strengths."  "Although AI is still relatively new, Intel’s investment in this segment as well as their devotion to the health of the channel will ultimately help provide another path of opportunity for new products, new services and new solutions," he told CRN. "This isn’t to say that everyone will switch to AI-focused businesses models, but with Intel’s involvement there will be a market for the channel." [Related: CompuCom Brings Artificial Intelligence To Midmarket Data Centers With Breakthrough Cloud-Based Managed Service] Deep learning often requires the powerful and efficient parallel computing capabilities of GPUs – which Nvidia specializes in – to teach machines how to process text, voice and other types of data as part of artificial intelligence. However, instead of investing in GPUs, Intel seems to be taking a different approach to AI with its acquisition of San Diego-based Nervana Systems, which was named a “Cool Vendor” by Gartner this year for its novel semiconductors in neural networks. Intel did not disclose the price nor terms of the deal. Nervana Systems touts a full-stack hosted platform for deep learning, Nervana Cloud, which helps businesses develop and deploy high-accuracy deep learning systems. The company is also developing Nervana Engine, an application-specific integrated circuit for deep learning. “[Nervana Systems'] IP and expertise in accelerating deep learning algorithms will expand Intel’s capabilities in the field of AI,” said Diane Bryant, executive vice president of Santa Clara, Calif.-based Intel's Data Center Group. “Nervana’s Engine and silicon expertise will advance Intel’s AI portfolio and enhance the deep learning performance and TCO of our Intel Xeon and Intel Xeon Phi processors.” While Intel owns FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays) that have specific function accelerators, including inference engines for deep learning, it can now flesh out its artificial learning capabilities with the addition of Nervana Cloud. "Intel’s strength has always been to take innovative ideas and products and commercialize them," said Stephen Monteros, vice president of business development and strategic initiatives at Sigmanet, an Ontario, Calif.-based Intel partner. "Intel for the most part is driven by a vision to develop large-scale commercially viable products, [and] they must feel this will help them get there." Intel’s deal for Nervana Systems follows Apple’s reported $200 million acquisition of artificial intelligence Seattle startup Turi Friday, as more vendors continue to invest in machine learning capabilities. Pages 1 2 next › last » Printer-friendly version Email this CRN article Slide Shows CRN Exclusive: HPE CEO Whitman On Cisco's 'Weakness,' the Arista Partner Opportunity, Server Sales Issues, And The Starboard Value Investment In HPE Hewlett Packard Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman spoke with CRN about competing against Cisco, HPE's partnership with Cisco rival Arista, server sales execution issues in the channel and the Starboard Value fund's investment in HPE. 12 Things To Know About Presidio's IPO Filing Here are 12 things to know about solution provider Presidio's IPO filed on Tuesday around its strategy, revenue drivers and market concerns. The Top 10 Best-Selling Chromebooks In 2016 Q3 Lenovo, HP and Acer are dominating the sales of Chromebooks through distributors. Here's how the major vendors stack up, according to The NPD Group. More Slide Shows Search Videos View More Videos TODAY'S TOP STORIES Holiday Gift Guide 2016: 25 Gadgets That Make Great Gifts For Techies Black Friday 2016: Top Laptop, Tablet And PC Deals The Top 10 Best-Selling Chromebooks In 2016 Q3 Black Friday 2016: 25 Best Tech Deals The 15 Biggest News Stories Of 2016 (So Far) Featured IN Holiday Gift Guide 2016 Wearable devices, wireless headphones and smart kitchen appliances are among the CRN-recommended gifts for this holiday season. itbestofbreed.com More Clients Shell Out For New Network Equipment, Report Says Talk Back On LinkedIn: Health Insurance Costs Raising Your Blood Pressure? Dell EMC Partners Fear Cuts In Rebates As Unified Channel Program Nears Does The Buyer's Process Block You From A Sale? Blog Roundup: Taking Stock Of IT In Stores Channel Opportunity: Schools' Shift To Personalized Learning Norton Exec Sees Partner Opportunities From Symantec-LifeLock Deal More MORE ABOUT CRN: Latest Issue | Subscribe | Newsletters | Contact | Reprints & Licensing | Media Kit | Site Map | Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 The Channel Company, All rights reserved
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Woman killed, man wounded by gunfire in Vallejo home Woman killed while walking on northbound I-880 in Hayward Man arrested in Oakland for bomb threats on Baltimore-bound plane Hate crime charge in El Sobrante slaying of African American man Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Gase talks interviews with 49ers, respect for Jed York Rice game could be last chance to see Christian McCaffrey St. Mary’s breaks away with 18-2 run to beat San Jose State Doctor held on assault charges Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Robots greet Westfield mall shoppers in San Francisco, San Jose Business News Roundup, Nov. 23 China’s Unicorn Booty stake, turkey dinners, Tasmanian whiskey Home sales reach strongest pace in nearly a decade Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Aloe Blacc headlines Union Square tree lighting The latest from Dear Abby San Francisco musicians pay tribute to Leonard Cohen Warren Beatty makes ‘Rules’ worth watching Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating 10 last-minute Thanksgiving restaurant options in San Francisco App launching in SF gives you 30 fancy cocktails a month for a South San Francisco Dunkin' Donuts location confirmed Piecaken takes over the Thanksgiving dessert table Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Ice, Ice Baby: Where to get your skate on How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Madeline Hotel and Residences, Telluride Gear Review: Eagle Creek International Carry-On Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog One bedroom. One bathroom. One set of gymnast rings. $1.1 million Southern deck and period grandeur in SF trilevel Edwardian SF rent down again in October: Here’s what the median 1-BR $650,000 for a historic former chapel turned 4,000-square-foot Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1957 Ford Thunderbird Are smaller, basic trucks even made anymore? An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Get another perspective of the salary issue Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-Aug-10-9132663.php Business News Roundup, Aug. 10 Chronicle News Services Updated 4:51 pm, Tuesday, August 9, 2016 Photo: David Goldman, Associated Press Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 FILE - In this Friday, Sept. 18, 2015, file photo, employees work on a school bus on the assembly line at Blue Bird Corporation's manufacturing facility, in Fort Valley, Ga. On Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, the Labor Department releases second-quarter productivity data. (AP Photo/David Goldman, File) less FILE - In this Friday, Sept. 18, 2015, file photo, employees work on a school bus on the assembly line at Blue Bird Corporation's manufacturing facility, in Fort Valley, Ga. On Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016, the Labor ... more Photo: David Goldman, Associated Press Image 2 of 2 As chip demand wanes, Intel is looking to expand into other markets. The Santa Clara company bought artificial intelligence firm Nervana. As chip demand wanes, Intel is looking to expand into other markets. The Santa Clara company bought artificial intelligence firm Nervana. Photo: KIMIHIRO HOSHINO, AFP/Getty Images Business News Roundup, Aug. 10 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Intel buys AI startup Intel, which makes chips that run more than 90 percent of the world’s servers, will buy San Diego startup Nervana Systems to add software, a cloud service and forthcoming hardware in an attempt to better tune its products for artificial intelligence work. While Intel’s Xeon processors dominate in data centers, they’re not built for the unique workloads of artificial intelligence calculations, according to Gartner analyst Martin Reynolds. Adding Nervana’s products and expertise will help the Santa Clara company gain a foothold in a small but growing market and fend off would-be rivals such as Nvidia, if it can rapidly turn its acquisition into products. “The market isn’t that big yet,” he said. “But it’s potentially a huge opportunity.” Intel’s data center unit, its most profitable and fastest-growing business, needs to find products suited to running services such as voice and picture recognition. Such artificial intelligence work is expected to become a bigger portion of the activity of the servers powered by Intel’s chips. Nervana was founded in 2014. Terms of the acquisition weren’t disclosed. Earnings SolarCity posts big loss SolarCity’s loss swelled in the second quarter as it seeks approval from shareholders to be acquired by Tesla Motors. The net loss was $55.5 million (56 cents per share), compared with $22.4 million (23 cents) a year earlier, the San Mateo company said Tuesday. Excluding some items, the loss was $2.32, less than the $2.53 analysts had expected. Sales rose to $185.8 million from $102.8 million. The largest U.S. rooftop solar installer has trimmed its growth forecast after a strategic shift in October to focus on profitability, and its shares have slumped by more than half this year. While billionaire Elon Musk has touted the long-term synergies between Tesla’s electric cars powered by SolarCity systems, some investors have been skeptical about the benefits to Tesla. SolarCity’s board agreed last week to a reduced offer of $2.6 billion in Tesla shares, a little more than a month after Musk made a $2.8 billion unsolicited offer for the company founded by his cousins. Musk is chairman and the largest shareholder in both companies. SolarCity and Tesla have not yet set dates for shareholder votes on the acquisition, which they expect to complete in the fourth quarter. SunPower to cut jobs SunPower, the second-biggest U.S. solar manufacturer, posted its fourth straight quarterly loss and said it is cutting 15 percent of its workforce. The shares fell 6.6 percent. The net loss was $70 million (51 cents per share), the San Jose company said Tuesday. That compared with a profit of $6.5 million (4 cents) a year earlier, the last time the company reported net income. Excluding some items, SunPower’s loss of 22 cents compared with the 24-cent average loss expected by analysts. Sales rose to to $420.5 million from $381 million. The company will cut its workforce by 1,200, related to a decision to close its Philippine panel assembly facility and transfer the equipment to Mexico. Economy Productivity falls in quarter The productivity of American workers dropped in the April-June quarter, feeding into a 12-month decline in the economic output people are generating for each hour worked. The Labor Department says productivity fell at an annual rate of 0.5 percent in the second quarter, after a 0.6 percent drop during the first three months of the year. Productivity has dropped 0.4 percent from a year ago, as labor costs and the hours worked are rising faster than the output of workers’ goods and services. Productivity has been weak for the past five years, a thorny problem since productivity growth is the key factor supporting rising living standards and higher incomes. Courts Accounting firm battles Accounting giant PricewaterhouseCoopers is squaring off in a Miami courtroom with lawyers for a defunct mortgage company’s creditors and investors over a $5.5 billion lawsuit involving audits at a failed Alabama bank. A jury heard opening statements Tuesday in the lawsuit, which contends PricewaterhouseCoopers should have detected fraud at Colonial Bank of Montgomery, Ala. The fraud was orchestrated by top executives at shuttered Florida mortgage firm Taylor, Bean and Whitaker. Six of the mortgage firm’s executives and two bank employees were convicted in the fraud scheme. Colonial was shut down in 2009. The trial is expected to last about six weeks. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Latest News Woman killed, man wounded by gunfire in Vallejo home Local woman beats husband to death before killing herself Woman killed while walking on northbound I-880 in Hayward Vatican debuts confession app, people nickname it 'Sindr' Tom Hanks sends fan typewriter from his collection SF moderates win control of Board of Supervisors 49ers slam Santa Clara's 'disturbing trend of frivolous' actions Kin of girl killed in North Bay church seek funeral donations When Thanksgiving goes wrong: Awkward family photos 13 family-friendly things to watch on Netflix for Thanksgiving The most Googled Thanksgiving recipe in California, every state Cyclists take on 50-mile turkey-shaped bike ride through SF Uncounted Calif. votes total more than populations of SF, Oakland Hillary Clinton now leads by 2 million in the popular vote What's the best way to help the homeless? BART police boost holiday presence at crooks’ favorite stations Photographer's haunting deep-sea images reveal rare, odd... Scientists search deep-sea volcano off Hawaii Today's Gate Features Bay Area owners of slain dachshund sue PetSmart Southern deck and period grandeur in SF trilevel Edwardian SF hula troupe, one of the world's largest, in the spotlight SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored The Rolo Travel Bag makes last-minute packing a breeze Go from startup idea to launch with 100+ hours of mentorship... Most Popular 1 Bay Area owners of slain dachshund file lawsuit against PetSmart 2 CNN anchor cuts interview short after guest drops the n-word 3 Woman killed while walking on northbound I-880 in Hayward 4 A short, 5-second video is crashing iPhones and iPads 5 Rose Pak’s body on ice while sisters squabble over estate 6 When Thanksgiving goes wrong: Awkward family photos 7 San Jose woman beats husband to death before killing herself 8 Hate crime charge in El Sobrante slaying of African American man 9 Texas teacher who had sex almost daily with 13-year-old... 10 Police: male UC Berkeley student sexually assaulted inside co-op View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
null
HOME TECHNOLOGY Neon Nervana Cloud Nervana Engine SOLUTIONS Healthcare Agriculture Finance Online Services Automotive Energy COMPANY Team Careers Culture Investors & Advisors PRESS Intel + Nervana News BLOG LEARN GET STARTED Intel + Nervana Today, we’re excited to announce the planned acquisition of Nervana by Intel*.  With this acquisition, Intel is formally committing to pushing the forefront of AI technologies.  Nervana intends to continue all existing development efforts including the Nervana Neon deep learning framework, Nervana deep learning platform, and the Nervana Engine deep learning hardware.  The combination of Nervana’s technology and expertise incorporated into Intel’s portfolio will take deep learning/AI solutions to the next level.  We will continue to operate out of our San Diego Headquarters and will retain our talent, brand, and start-up mentality. Nervana started with the idea that we can engineer better solutions for computation by bringing together computer engineering, neuroscience, and machine learning.  Amir Khosrowshahi and I brought this idea to Bruno Olshausen (Amir’s PhD advisor) before founding Nervana.  Bruno said (and I’m paraphrasing here), “Do it.  Do it now!  You might already be too late.”  This was the catalyst that pushed us over the edge to pursue the idea fully.  At this point we invited Arjun Bansal to join the founding team and Nervana was born.  Amir then sought advice from his cousin Ali Partovi, co-founder of Code.org and iLike and a well-connected angel investor.  Ali became our first investor and trusted advisor to the company.  He made introductions to his network and we pulled together a very high-caliber set of seed investors.  Soon after, Carey Kloss and Andrew Yang (close friends and ex coworkers of mine) joined Nervana to lead the hardware development efforts.  We’re proud to say that in just 2.5 years, we pushed the performance envelope in deep learning and will soon have a revolutionary new architecture to push it even further. We’ve always been a mission driven company.  Even though we won’t be a startup any longer, our mission hasn’t changed: we are here to make a dent in the world of computation.  With this deal, we can now shatter the old paradigm and move into a new regime of computing.  We’ll look back in 10 years and see this time as the inflection point of when compute architectures became neural.  The semiconductor integrated circuit is one of humanity’s crowning achievements and Intel has the best semiconductor technology in the world.  Nervana’s AI expertise combined with Intel’s capabilities and huge market reach will allow us to realize our vision and create something truly special. Having strong investors who believed in the company was key.  We were very fortunate to have board members Steve Jurvetson (DFJ) lead our Series A and Matt Ocko (DCVC) our Series A1.  Their inherent interest in innovation and deep technical knowledge was the force that made this company happen.  In addition, Playground Global, CME Ventures, Lux Capital, Allen & Co, AME Cloud Ventures, Fuel Capital, Omidyar Technology Ventures, SV Angel and our seed investors were great partners with which to build a company. Many thanks to Allen & Company LLC who acted as exclusive financial advisor to Nervana in this transaction. Sincerely, Naveen Rao CEO and Co-founder of Nervana     What our investors have to say: “The venture world doesn’t often get excited about a chip company these days but Naveen and the Nervana founding team’s audacious plan to build a deep learning compute fabric that would take AI to the next frontier had us captivated from day one. Cheers to the Nervana team on their incredible work so far and the incredible accomplishments that will be possible as part of the Intel team.” – Steve Jurvetson, Managing Partner, DFJ “It’s not that often in a VC career you get to work with teams you’re sure will be featured in documentaries about how major industries changed — Nervana’s talented and driven founders and employees are such a team. DCVC was privileged to back Nervana in its mission to make transformative AI capabilities as ubiquitous and seamless as Internet access.  We can’t wait to see their next set of breakthroughs, delivered at even greater speed, with Intel behind them.” – Matt Ocko, Managing Partner, Data Collective (DCVC) “Our strategic investment in Nervana Systems has been an exceptional experience for CME Group, leading our company to advance our understanding of deep learning. We’re pleased with the news of their acquisition since we view their technology as foundational in our industry and look forward to seeing what else they will achieve as they make it even more scalable.” – Rumi Morales, Executive Director, CME Ventures “In Nervana, we found a magical hardware and software team that together would empower developers to bring us tomorrow’s intelligent machines,” – Shahin Farshchi, Partner, Lux Capital “Nervana is a testament to the magic of best in class technical teams coming together with a shared vision. We look forward to seeing this talented team build the compute architecture powering the next generation of intelligent applications as part of Intel.” – Todor Tashev, Managing Partner, Omidyar Technology Ventures     See Intel’s blog announcement by Diane Bryant here.   *Transaction is subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions By Naveen Rao| 2016-10-24T17:50:29+00:00 Tuesday, August 9, 2016|General| Share This Story, Choose Your Platform! FacebookTwitterLinkedinRedditTumblrGoogle+PinterestVkEmail About the Author: Naveen Rao Naveen is the founder and CEO of Nervana Systems. Fascinated by synthetic and biological computation as a kid, he trained and worked as both a computer architect and neuroscientist. He founded Nervana to use biological inspiration and take computation in new directions. JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER Join over 3.000 visitors who are receiving our newsletter and learn how to optimize your blog for search engines, find free traffic, and monetize your website. We hate spam. Your email address will not be sold or shared with anyone else. Categories Developer General Impact Life at Nervana Product TECHNOLOGY Nervana Cloud neon Nervana Engine SOLUTIONS Healthcare Agriculture Finance Online Services Automotive Energy ABOUT Press Blog Team Investors and Advisors Careers Culture Contact
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals XboxOneBlackFridayDeals Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Chipsets & Processors/ Eyeing Data Centers of the Future, Intel Buys AI Startup Eyeing Data Centers of the Future, Intel Buys AI Startup By Tom Brant August 9, 2016 05:50pm EST 10 Comments Intel is betting on a healthy data center business, driven by demand from artificial intelligence In a nod to the future of cloud computing, Intel today agreed to buy Nervana, a startup that makes hardware and software for machine learning and artificial intelligence. Nervana is relatively rare for a computing startup, in that it focuses on both the hardware and software required for deep learning—the framework of artificial intelligence. Founded in 2014, the San Diego company's products include Nervana Cloud, a complete system for customers who want to train their own deep learning models. There are, of course, competitors offering similar products, including established chipmakers like Qualcomm and newcomers like Movidius. But Nervana says its distinguishing factor is that it has optimized the silicon in its chips for AI tasks, resulting in training speeds that are ten times faster than conventional GPU-based systems and frameworks. //Related Articles Why Intel Needs to Keep an Eye on Nvidia That expertise will come in handy for Intel, which will face fierce competition from advanced GPU-based systems—like those offered by Nvidia—as it seeks to stake out its corner of the AI data center market. Intel's products of the future, according to CEO John Krzanich, will revolve around data centers and the cloud. Since artificial intelligence will take up a lot of the bandwidth of those two products, it's only natural that Intel would invest in AI. Intel has a lot riding on machine learning and the data centers and cloud computing that make its algorithms possible. The Nervana acquisition is one more sign that the era of Intel's coffers reliably filling up as a result of people upgrading their desktops and laptops at regular intervals is over. Back to top Previous : Qualcomm Bolsters Chip Lineup With Snapdragon 821 Intel Teases Kaby Lake Processors Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Navigate the Mall With a Pepper Robot Shoppers at two San Francisco malls can ask the diminutive humanoid robots for directions and selfie... More » Report: End Is Near for Apple's AirPort Wi-Fi Routers The engineering team is being disbanded, according to Bloomberg. More » Run 'Doom' on Apple's MacBook Pro Touch Bar It's awkward, but it works. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Intel just bought a small startup for $350 million Eugene Kim Aug. 9, 2016, 5:04 PM 7,980 facebook linkedin twitter email print Intel CEO Brian KrzanichReuters/Albert Gea Intel just bought a two-year old machine learning startup called Nervana Systems, a move aimed at expanding its data center business. Intel declined to share the financial details of the deal, but Recode reports it paid "at least $350 million," citing an anonymous source. That's a steep price for a 48-person company. But given Nervana's top notch technology and leadership team, led by former Qualcomm researcher Naveen Rao, it's a move that will likely help Intel bolster its already dominant position in the data center market. Intel has been desperately trying to shift its focus away from the shrinking PC chip business lately, and put a lot more emphasis on growing its data center and Internet of Things units. In particular, as more devices get connected to the internet, it will create a whole lot more data, which will have to be processed through data centers. Intel provides over 90% of the chips powering today's data centers and having Nervana's technology to make better sense out of the data will only boost its service offerings. "Their IP and expertise in accelerating deep learning algorithms will expand Intel’s capabilities in the field of AI," Diane Bryant, the head of Intel's data center business, wrote in a blog post. That's particularly important for Intel because its data center business has been slowing down, not showing the type of robust growth Wall Street has been expecting in recent quarters.  This is also one of the first big acquisitions Intel's made after bringing in Venkata "Murthy" Renduchintala as its No. 2 guy. Renduchintala played up the potential of machine learning and artificial intelligence in a recent blog post explaining his move to Intel. SEE ALSO: Intel's CEO is trying to revamp his 48-year-old company — and it’s causing a lot of anger and turmoil NOW WATCH: Elon Musk just unveiled something that could revolutionize how you power your home Loading video... More: Intel Nervana Systems facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Intel just bought a small startup for $350 million Intel just bought a small startup for $350 million Intel just bought a two-year old machine... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self NBA legend David Robinson: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Read Robinson's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Faith, Values, Family Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Volleyball Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Gift Guide Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Intel buys artificial intelligence startup Nervana Print Email Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on August 09, 2016 at 1:25 PM comments Chipmaker Intel, eager to expand its business, said Tuesday it has purchased a San Diego startup called Nervana. The companies did not disclose terms of their deal, but online tech journal Recode pegged the transaction at more than $350 million. Founded by former Qualcomm researcher Naveen Rao, Nervana aims to apply "neural network learning" to computers. Machine learning gives computers a human-like ability to improve their performance over time by observing results and adjusting their actions in response. Artificial intelligence can solve arcane computing problems or for practical applications like determining which kind of shampoo an online shopper is most likely to buy. It's a hot sector in computing, with Nvidia, Google and others designing chips to serve the market. Intel's PC business, which makes up most of its revenue, is fading rapidly. But the company's data center group is thriving, and the computational power inside server farms meshes neatly with the demands of machine learning. "We believe that bringing together the Intel engineers who create the Intel Xeon and Intel Xeon Phi processors with the talented Nervana Systems' team, we will be able to advance the industry faster than would have otherwise been possible," wrote Diane Bryant, Intel's data center chief, in an online posting announcing the deal. Intel said Nervana's 48 employees will join the chipmaker's data center group. The company had disclosed $24.4 million in venture investment, most recently a $20.5 million round last year. -- Mike Rogoway mrogoway@oregonian.com 503-294-7699 @rogoway Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Advertise with us Contact the newsroom Frequently Asked Questions Join our team Our Journalists Contact Subscriber Services Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Clark County Gresham Portland Washington County More Local News Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Forums Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Security > Virus alerts FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! ElGato Ransomware Targets Androids, Locks SD Card Data and Steals SMS Messages GO Ransomware is still under development, no real threat Aug 9, 2016 21:15 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  The ElGato ransomware family, recently discovered by Intel McAfee researchers, targets Android devices. Specifically, it locks the user's device, encrypts their files, and even steals SMS messages when commanded. The ransomware operates based on a control panel from which the crooks send commands to infected devices. Intel McAfee researchers say that ElGato checks for new commands from the C&C server at regular intervals. These commands are sent to the ransomware in clear HTTP, without encryption. ElGato comes with an easy-to-use Web-based control panel Some of the commands supported include the ability to forward and delete all SMS messages, send a message from the infected device, encrypt the files on the SD card, or encrypt files from at a specific path. All encrypted files will feature the .enc file extension at the end. Additionally, the crook can also lock the user's screen and additionally order the ransomware to decrypt all previously encrypted files. This way, the ransomware serves as a decrypter after the user has paid the desired ransom. In its current version, Intel McAfee experts say ElGato does not show a ransom note, nor does it ask for money, but merely shows a picture of a lovable cat whenever it locks the user's screen. Hence the ransomware name of El Gato, which means "The Cat" in Spanish. ElGato is still under development Since all communications occurred via HTTP, researchers were able to track down ElGato's C&C server, where they were surprised to find the botnet control panel open to exterior connections, no password required. "This ransomware variant looks like a demo version used to commercialize malware kits for cybercriminals because the control server interface is not protected and includes in the code words such as 'MyDificultPassw,'" Intel McAfee security expert Fernando Ruiz noted. "McAfee Labs has informed the owners of the abused servers and has requested they take down the malicious service," he also added. The overall low complexity of this threat sustains Ruiz's statements, meaning this is an unfinished product, not yet ready for broad distribution. Crooks will need to improve its encryption routine, deploy HTTPS for the C&C server communications, and protect the botnet control panel with a login field. ElGato botnet C&C control panel   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #ElGato ransomware#Android#ransomware#ElGato#Android ransomware subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Hitler Ransomware Infects Everyone, Not Just the Jews Researchers Infect IoT Thermostat with Ransomware Security Researcher Tricks Tech Support Scammer Into Installing Locky Ransomware Major Cyber-Crime Campaign Switches from CryptXXX to Locky Ransomware Donald Trump, Tim Cook Discuss Building iPhones in the United States iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks 2 photos    ElGato standard lock screen new android apps VivaVideo APK: Updated November 23rd, 14:19 GMT PowerDirector APK: Updated November 23rd, 14:08 GMT WeVideo APK: Updated November 23rd, 14:04 GMT Amazon Rapids APK: Updated November 23rd, 14:02 GMT ActionDirector APK: Updated November 23rd, 13:58 GMT DataEye APK: Updated November 23rd, 13:46 GMT JOOX APK: Updated November 23rd, 13:46 GMT Reader comments The Super-Dangerous Rex Botnet Has Only Around 150 Bots more on: Rex i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
MENU STOCK RESEARCH NEWS GLOSSARY Market Commentary Market Data Getting Started Stocks Stock of the Day Market Movers Industries Sectors References ETFs Movers Families References Mutual Funds Movers Families References Investing Bonds Commodities Forex (Currency) Options Real Estate Economy Personal Finance Banking Budgeting Credit and Debt Financial Planning Insurance Taxes Retirement Educational Planning Personal Finance Guide Business Career Dispute Resolution Management Law Contracts English Glossary Spanish Glossary 2 Strong Acquisition Candidates for Your Portfolio Is Palo Alto Networks Not a Good Buy Anymore? Articles > Market Commentary > AMD’s Rally Should Continue Getting Stronger AMD’s Rally Should Continue Getting Stronger AMD (AMD) has been through lots of severe problems throughout the last few years as its revenue growth has followed a downward trajectory. However, the company has performed better than expected this year under the leadership of new CEO Lisa Su. The company’s launch of its new Polaris architecture has been very successful and it has been the primary reason behind AMD’s recent success. As a result, shares of AMD have shot up more than 300% in the last few months and there are many reasons why I think AMD’s rally may sustain a bit longer. In the past ten years, AMD’s peers like Intel and NVIDIA (NVDA) have enjoyed great success. Intel’s (INTC) yearly revenue has surged 43 percent and NVIDIA’s revenue has more than doubled in the reference time period. On the contrary, AMD has been a very weak performer in the meantime. However, conditions are changing substantially as AMD has realized that confronting NVIDIA as well as Intel head-on was pointless, as both the companies had better cash flows and greater R&D and marketing budgets. Therefore, AMD has strategized to place its focus on certain niche markets which its opponents had ignored. On the other hand, AMD’s impending Zen CPUs are projected to enhance its competitive position comparative to Intel. The first PC models should begin shipping toward the end of 2016, with substantial volume expected next year. It is highly likely that the server market may signify an even superior opportunity for the company, keeping in mind that Intel presently relishes a strong domination. At present, if anyone wants to use high-end VR devices, then it is mandatory to have a PC that comprises powerful GPU. And there are currently only two major companies that have designed graphics cards which are compatible with virtual reality. This provides prospect to evolve its graphics business significantly in the near future and beyond. The company’s Radeon RX 480 has perceived legitimately robust reviews since it was available for purchase in the market last month. RX 480 is capable of powering existing virtual reality headsets and is priced at just $199. This will certainly help the company to reap huge profit in the approaching quarters. Conclusion AMD has been a terrific performer this year and, as mentioned above, its rally can still continue. AMD’s looks like a completely different company under the leadership of new CEO and should continue taking strides in the right direction. Published on Aug 9, 2016 By Vinay Singh Copyrighted 2016. Content published with author's permission. Posted in ... Market Commentary Daily Market Commentary TRENDING ARTICLES Fixed Cost vs. Variable Cost Understanding the True Cost of Credit Cards Week 10: Finding the Right Bank For You Starting a College Fund for your Child - Savings or Investments? When in Doubt about a Money Manager Tax Credit vs. Tax Deduction Ruling in Dole Food Co. Case Upholds Shareholder Rights New EU VAT rules will have seismic effect What Happen To My Pension If My Company Goes Bankrupt? My Employer Changed 401k Providers, Now What? × CITE THIS TERM Page URL: HTML Link: <a href="http://www.investorguide.com/article/20274/amds-rally-continue-getting-stronger/">AMD’s Rally Should Continue Getting Stronger</a> American Psychological Association (APA): AMD’s Rally Should Continue Getting Stronger. InvestorGuide.com. Retrieved November 23, 2016, from InvestorGuide.com website:
http://www.investorguide.com/article/20274/amds-rally-continue-getting-stronger/ Chicago Manual of Style (CMS): AMD’s Rally Should Continue Getting Stronger. InvestorGuide.com. WebFinance, Inc. 
http://www.investorguide.com/article/20274/amds-rally-continue-getting-stronger/ 
(access:November 23, 2016). Modern Language Association (MLA): AMD’s Rally Should Continue Getting Stronger. InvestorGuide.com. WebFinance, Inc. November 23, 2016 
<http://www.investorguide.com/article/20274/amds-rally-continue-getting-stronger/> Quick Links Stock Research Mutual Funds Personal Finance News Glossary Company Privacy & Legal Advertising Careers Keep in Touch  Facebook  Twitter All data may be delayed by 15+ minutes. © 2016 WebFinance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Intel buys AI startup Nervana Systems for deep learning chips Chris Davies - Aug 9, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Intel has bought an artificial intelligence startup, Nervana Systems, aiming to bake the company’s machine learning expertise into future processors. Nervana, founded in 2014, specialized in software and hardware for deep learning, borrowing neuroscience concepts to give computers more intuitive – and easily programmed – ways to deal with data. The company launched its Nervana Cloud, a simplified way for businesses to develop and implement custom deep learning models using a language and library set it dubbed Neon. However, that was the first step on a path to the Nervana Engine, a dedicated chip – or application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) – focused specifically on machine learning. Expected to launch in 2017, Nervana Engine will include high-speed memory and six bi-directional interconnects allowing multiple chips to be daisy-chained. Whereas many machine learning rigs have repurposed GPUs for their parallel processing capabilities, Nervana says its engine can dump unnecessary features – like caches required for graphics processing but not for deep learning – and use the saved space to fit more compute into the same size of chip. For Intel, it’s an opportunity to better shape its processors for a future in which computer learning takes an increasingly central role. That will begin with the chipmaker’s silicon for servers, which are used for tasks like image recognition, computer vision, and natural language processing. “We will apply Nervana’s software expertise to further optimize the Intel Math Kernel Library and its integration into industry standard frameworks,” Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group at Intel, said of the acquisition. “Nervana’s Engine and silicon expertise will advance Intel’s AI portfolio and enhance the deep learning performance and TCO of our Intel Xeon and Intel Xeon Phi processors.” As for Nervana itself, the company will continue to operate out of its San Diego location, and doesn’t expect staffing changes. “Nervana intends to continue all existing development efforts including the Nervana Neon deep learning framework, Nervana deep learning platform, and the Nervana Engine deep learning hardware,” Naveen Rao, CEO and co-founder of the company, wrote today. “The combination of Nervana’s technology and expertise incorporated into Intel’s portfolio will take deep learning/AI solutions to the next level.” While artificial intelligence has, for many, the smack of science fiction about it, technologies legitimately described as AI are already commonplace. Image processing in software like Apple’s Photos in macOS Sierra and Google’s cloud-based Photos both use machine learning to learn and identify faces and scenes, for instance, while autonomous cars are using similar technologies to take lessons learned on the road and extrapolate them into being better drivers. MORE Nervana Systems Tags AIArtificial IntelligenceIntelresearch Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines Trump teases Apple incentives for US-made iPhone Nov 23, 2016 Steam autumn sale kicks off just in time for Black Friday Nov 23, 2016 Ditto Pokemon GO update (and how to find it) Nov 23, 2016 HTC Desire 650 unveiled with ‘sculpted grip’ design Nov 23, 2016 Three Madison Square Garden hack lessons to shop safe on Black Friday Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Artificial Intelligence Intel Big Data Intel is paying more than $400 million to buy deep-learning startup Nervana Systems The chip giant is betting that machine learning is going to be a big deal in the data center. by Ina Fried Aug 9, 2016, 4:00pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Intel data center chief Diane Bryant, with Nervana co-founders Naveen Rao, Arjun Bansal, Amir Khosrowshahi and Intel vice president Jason Waxman (left to right) Intel Intel is snapping up deep learning startup Nervana Systems in a huge bet that artificial intelligence represents the next big shift inside corporate data centers. The chip giant isn’t actually saying how much it is paying, but a source with knowledge of the deal said it is valued at around $408 million. That’s some serious cheddar for a 48-person startup. Intel vice president Jason Waxman told Recode that the shift to artificial intelligence could dwarf the move to cloud computing. Machine learning, he said, is needed as we move from a world in which people control a couple of devices that connect to the Internet to one in which billions of devices are connecting and talking to one another. “There is far more data being given off by these machines than people can possibly sift through,” Waxman said. Nervana’s approach has some direct appeal to a chipmaker like Intel in that the company has been working to bring machine learning all the way into the silicon, rather than simply making software that can run on top of anyone’s cluster of graphics chips. The company is led by former Qualcomm researcher Naveen Rao and has raised $25 million in venture funding and also has a contract to work with In-Q-tel, the U.S. intelligence community’s venture arm. Rao said that the deal didn’t reflect any hurdles in getting more capital to stay independent. “Raising money was not the problem,” he said. “That was going to be relatively easy.” But by selling to Intel, he said, “we have access to technology we'd never dream about.” In data centers, Intel is operating from a position of strength as its chips dominate. That’s in contrast to the mobile world, where the company is investing big in internet-of-things efforts after having essentially missed out on the smartphone revolution. “There's always a next wave,” Waxman said, noting that corporate computing has already gone from mainframes to client-server and now on to cloud computing. “I firmly believe this is not only the next wave but something that will dwarf the last wave.” That said, he knows that people’s eyes start to roll whenever big companies talk about catching the next wave. Waxman admits that the hype got a little strong with artificial intelligence and deep learning, but says that reality has started to surpass the hype. “This is a real thing at Baidu; this is a real thing at Google,” he said. “They are using deep learning techniques. It is not just papers any more.” The sale of Nervana also represents the first big exit for Andy Rubin’s Playground Global, which was an investor. Other investors include Data Collective, DFJ, Lux Capital and Allen & Co. Steve Jurvetson, who lead the early investment in Nervana, said he was drawn to the unique background of the startup founders. “This is a group that’s not been walking the usual path,” he said. The investor is also incredibly bullish on deep learning, which he sees as transformative for the business world. “I think it’s the biggest advance since the scientific method itself,” he added. (Update: An earlier version of the story indicated the purchase price was more than $350 million, according to a source. Multiple investors told Recode the purchase price was significantly above that price, with one pegging it at $408 million. Mark Bergen contributed reporting. recode_divider More From Recode Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance Trending Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. Amazon has big plans to expand its online tickets business The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson Facebook, Google and now Verizon are accelerating their tracking efforts despite consumers’ privacy concerns More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Apple Politics President Trump Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. by Peter Kafka “I think you’re going to do it.” Podcasts Politics Recode Media with Peter Kafka Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kurson says he’s proud to have voted for Donald Trump, and to work for his son-in-law, Observer publisher Jared Kushner. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 19063.87 0.21%   S&P 500 ▲ 2201.83 -0.05%   Nasdaq ▲ 5370.25 -0.30%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -12/32 yield 2.355%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.99 -0.08%   Euro ▲ 1.0555 -0.67%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Amazon’s Holiday Deliveries Face Disruption From Pilot Strike A Ho-Hum Holiday for Videogame Sales China Circuit China’s Venture Firms Seek U.S. Deals Samsung Offices Raided by South Korean Prosecutors Twitter CEO’s Account Briefly Suspended HP Inc. Posts Revenue Increase as PC Business Rebounds Hewlett Packard Enterprise Profit Sinks Police Body Cameras Don’t Reduce Use of Force: Study Microsoft Offers EU Concessions to Win Approval for LinkedIn Deal Airbnb Settles New York State Suit, Focusing on City Credit-Card Breach Hits Madison Square Garden, Radio City Google Search Results Can Lean Liberal, Study Finds Facebook’s Drone Crash Prompts Safety Investigation Amazon Explores Rights for Live Sports Packages on Prime Pilots Strike at Cargo Carrier Serving DHL, Amazon.com Trade Groups Adopt Plan to Better Shield Depositors, Investors From Cyberattacks AppDynamics Postpones Planned December IPO Until Next Year Markets Presidio Files for IPO Apple to Replace Faulty Batteries in iPhone 6s Devices Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Intel, Apple Add to Artificial-Intelligence Deal Wave Chip giant to buy Nervana Systems on heels of iPhone maker’s Turi acquisition By Don Clark Don Clark The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDon Clark @donal888 www.facebook.com/DonClark Don.Clark@wsj.com Aug. 9, 2016 4:00 p.m. ET Technology companies are hurriedly snapping up startups in the field of artificial intelligence, and Intel Corp. is the latest to join a buying spree fueled by one of the hottest trends in the tech sector. The chip maker on Tuesday announced plans to pay an undisclosed amount for Nervana Systems, a 48-employee company working on semiconductors, software and services to exploit a popular AI technique called deep learning.... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Best Tech Gifts 2016 Trump Can Bypass Conflict of Interest Laws. Here's Why Opinion Journal: Hamilton Wrongs How Did the Dow Cross 19000? Opinion Journal: Obama's Tehran Bribes Most Popular Articles Romney Leads Trump’s Picks for Secretary of State Opinion: Democrats Are Obsessed With Race. Donald Trump Isn’t Opinion: Democracy’s Verdict on Clinton Most Students Don’t Know When News Is Fake, Stanford Study Finds Donald Trump Jr. Held Talks on Syria With Russia Supporters Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Home Home Home Home Home Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Home Home Home Home Home Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Difference between revisions of "Speaker Series" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 15:20, 28 July 2016 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Thursday, September 1 @ Mozilla Portland - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla) ← Older edit Revision as of 12:05, 9 August 2016 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Wednesday, July 20 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla) Newer edit → Line 102: Line 102:   * Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla.   * Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla.   * Hashtag: #mozSS   * Hashtag: #mozSS   + * Deck materials also in [https://medium.com/@tseelig/inventure-cycle-e89579b328da#.ig8wmp5ql this post]       === Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC + Air Mozilla ===   === Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC + Air Mozilla === Revision as of 12:05, 9 August 2016 Contents 1 Overview 2 Program Goal 3 Testimonials 4 Upcoming Speakers 4.1 Thursday, September 1 @ Mozilla Portland - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla 4.2 Wednesday, October 12 @ Mozilla Toronto - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla 5 Previous Speakers 5.1 Wednesday, July 20 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla 5.2 Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC + Air Mozilla 5.3 Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla 5.4 Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla 5.5 Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla 5.6 Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla 5.7 Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla 5.8 Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC 5.9 Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC 5.10 Thursday, August 13th @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC 5.11 Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC 5.12 Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC 6 Submitting a Speaker Idea Overview Each month Mozilla hosts speakers from tech and related industries to address topics tied to our mission and to nearer-term business objectives. Broad themes include: User-centered design Validated learning (build-measure-learn) Exceptional quality Disciplined execution Radical collaboration ...which help us execute against Mozilla's 2016 planning Top Line Guidance areas: Build for Quality Invite Participation Be Clear Compelling and Focused Grow our Influence Prototype the Future Ideas for speakers are solicited from Mozillians on an ongoing basis using this speaker submission form. Preference is given to practitioners i.e. those with hands-on experience in their particular subject area. The speaker(s) will present live from either our San Francisco or Mountain View office and be streamed to the rest of the offices via Air Mozilla and publicly archived for subsequent viewing. We encourage speakers to allot at least 15-20 minutes for Q&A. Typical in-person attendance is 20-30 with remote attendees ranging from 100-200; follow-on views are available to our thousands of community members and the public. Program Goal Our goal is to engineer individual connection points and create compelling opportunities beyond day-to-day work for office-based staff to come together in our spaces (in most cases) to share an experience and interact with the those they may not normally work with. Face-to-face chats among people with different skills might spark new ideas, lead to new solutions or at the least, increase workplace camaraderie. Our ultimate goal is to improve performance, innovation and overall engagement. Testimonials "Kevin was my favorite speaker yet! Thank you! It was very apropos to the direction we're going with Firefox being the 'personal browser.'" --May 2016 "Please keep it running as long as possible - it's an excellent forum!" --May 2016 "Kirsten was GREAT. I don't think the lessons folks learned as mid-level managers in explosively growing social companies apply to Mozilla. But I do think Wohlberg's lessons apply to us." --April 2016 "This series is really great. Focus on Product seems to be the theme and is a much necessary one for us now. Thanks for bringing them. It really helps." --March 2016 "April addressed some questions that were particularly apropos to a project I'm working on. It was interesting to see how Slack faced the same problem!" --February 2016 "Jocelyn's talk was brilliant. She presented a very insightful and productive way to reframe the conversation about release management. Just what we needed right now. Great choice!" --January 2016 "The speaker was very good, had thought-provoking ideas, yet delivered those ideas in a tasteful and relaxed way. I am likely to share and recommend my friends to go watch the video recording later." --December 2015 "This speaker was especially relevant and valuable because she provided tangible and actionable information in addition to being thought-provoking." -- October 2015 "Seeing speakers like this are really heartening to see at Mozilla. I think it will drive some really impactful change." -- September 2015 "Bringing in subject matter experts from the outside help us push our sometimes-bubble-like thinking. It's very easy to get caught up in our own 'laws' and constraints but hearing best practices such as Hitten will help us open our eyes a bit more. I'm excited because his presentation was spot on and hopefully expanded our horizons a bit." -- August 2015 "Really learned to think differently about a lot of things and also 'argument' differently when discussing new features or ideas. Always think about the user value, and how what you are working on will hinder or improve the user experience." -- July 2015 "This felt like the most interesting speaker so far, perhaps because it was directly relevant to our day-to-day work. He was also quite a good speaker, which helps. Getting people to talk about areas where we think we could do better or use a different perspective seems like a good general strategy." -- July 2015 "I love getting an outside perspective from an expert in an area. We spend a lot of time talking to ourselves so that outside perspective is awesome." -- May 2015 "The talk was engaging and the Paris employees loved the 'Brantina' idea and felt more a part of the conversation." -- May 2015 Upcoming Speakers Thursday, September 1 @ Mozilla Portland - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla Portland + Air Mozilla Topic: Being Human in a Data-Filled World In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Dr. Genevieve Bell is responsible for corporate sensing and insights at Intel. She leads a cross-discipline foresights community that delivers insights into significant societal, technical and global trends. At Mozilla she’ll deliver what she terms “more of a meditation and conversation than a talk” on what it means to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. This sounds high level but it's also practical: we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. Speaker: An accomplished anthropologist and researcher, Genevieve Bell joined Intel in 1998. During that time, she has helped drive Intel’s focus on user experiences and led various teams of social scientists and designers. She has been granted a number of patents for consumer electronics innovations throughout her career, with additional patents in the user experience space. She is the author of numerous journal papers and articles. She was named an Intel Fellow in 2008, a vice president in 2013 and a Senior Fellow in 2016. In addition to her position at Intel, Bell is a highly regarded industry expert and frequent commentator on the intersection of culture and technology. She has been featured in publications such as Wired, Forbes, The Atlantic, Fast Company, the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She is also a sought-after public speaker and panelist at technology conferences worldwide for the insights she has gained from extensive international field work and research. Wednesday, October 12 @ Mozilla Toronto - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Topic: Metadata is the new data ... and why that matters Maybe it’s when the person you had a bad date with on Tinder shows up in your “people you may know” feed in Facebook. Or when you accept the default settings on your Android phone and share all of your transit habits with Google. Those moments might lead you to suspect considerable information about you and your behavior (aka “metadata”) is being harvested, shared and saved. But you had no reason to predict that. Nobody told you what was being gathered, or who it was being shared with. Or maybe they did, in a long, detailed unread terms of service. Today’s proliferation of mobile devices and platforms such as Google and Facebook has exacerbated this extensive, prolific sharing about users and their behaviors in ways most do not understand. Announcements about Facebook encrypting Messenger and WhatsApp appear to be encouraging ways of protecting your data... but they belie a different story of splintered approaches to metadata collection and silos among major platform providers. Similar disparities exist among how browsers treat metadata. So while the actual content of our messages may be encrypted, dangerous legal, financial, political and even medical implications to metadata remain. The impact of information about what you do (and when you do it) has yet to be explored or defined, let alone systematized. Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Speaker: Harlo strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective The Guardian Project. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of Deep Lab, a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Previous Speakers Wednesday, July 20 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla MV + Air Mozilla Topic: The Invention Cycle: Going From Inspiration to Implementation Are you stuck on where to go with your product and need an infusion of creativity? Do you struggle with brainstorming new ideas? Coming up with new solutions? Bringing fresh ideas to life and ultimately to market is not a well charted course. In July, our guest Tina Seelig will share a new model, the Invention Cycle, that taps into our innate capabilities of imagination and creativity to help us innovate better. Tina’s framework captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and to bring breakthrough ideas to the world. We’ll learn: - Crisp definitions for imagination, creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship - Clear roadmap for progressing from the seed of an idea through implementation - Concrete attitudes and actions needed to bring ideas to fruition We’ll also be joined by a group of mozillians(1) who recently spent a half day working with Tina; they'll share how these learnings have translated directly into their roles at mozilla. (1) David Bialer, David Bryant, Greg Jost, Jean Gong, Jet Villegas, Martin Best, Rosana Ardila, Tim Murray, Jen Bertsch and Rina Jensen Speaker: Tina Seelig is passionate about creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship. As Professor of the Practice in the department of Management Science and Engineering, faculty director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and a founding member of the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design (d.school) at Stanford's School of Engineering, she works with others who embrace the idea that entrepreneurs do much more than imaginable with much less than seems possible. After earning her Ph.D. from Stanford University Medical School in Neuroscience, Tina has worked as a management consultant, multimedia producer, and was the founder of a multimedia company. She’s also written 17 books and educational games, including The Epicurean Laboratory and Incredible Edible Science, published by Scientific American; and a series of card games, called Games for Your Brain, published by Chronicle Books. Her newest books, published by HarperCollins are What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20 (2009), inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity (2012), and Insight Out (2015). She’s been honored to receive significant recognition of her work, including the Gordon Prize from the National Academy of Engineering, the National Olympus Innovation Award, the SVForum Visionary Award, and several university teaching awards. Host: Rina Jensen Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Deck materials also in this post Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Topic: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends already in motion. Wired founder Kevin Kelly has an optimistic roadmap for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. These deep trends—flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—overlap and are codependent on one another. And they will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate. By understanding and embracing them, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Join us as mozilla's John Jensen interviews Kevin on these trends: what exactly are they, how are they playing out in our world, and what can we do as technologists ourselves to ensure they contribute to the future we want. Speaker: Kevin Kelly is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine. He co-founded Wired in 1993, and served as its Executive Editor for its first seven years. His new book for Viking/Penguin The Inevitable will be released in early June 2016. He is also founding editor and co-publisher of the popular Cool Tools website, which has been reviewing tools daily since 2003. From 1984-1990 Kelly was publisher and editor of the Whole Earth Review, a journal of unorthodox technical news. He co-founded the ongoing Hackers’ Conference, and was involved with the launch of the WELL, a pioneering online service started in 1985. His books include the best-selling New Rules for the New Economy; the classic book on decentralized emergent systems, Out of Control; a graphic novel about robots and angels, The Silver Cord; an oversize catalog of the best of Cool Tools; and his summary theory of technology in What Technology Wants (2010). Host Interviewer: John Jensen Questions: Submit questions for Kevin & John during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS #theinevitable Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Topic: When Change is the Only Constant, Org Structure Doesn’t Matter While it may be true in tech that “change is the only constant,” some changes are bigger than others. Things like…deciding to develop an OS as well as a browser. And an app. Focusing on devices beyond phones. Changing our approach to advertising and content. Instilling an entire culture of experimentation and measurement across functions. These types of shifts can impact job roles, titles, tools - in short, they impact all the stuff of our daily work. Whether an organization is decentralized or command & control, these kinds of changes are never simple nor straightforward. There’s no silver bullets. And yet, when done thoughtfully and holistically, significant change management can make the difference between life and death of a product, an organization and its community. As a leader of major change efforts at PayPal, Salesforce and Charles Schwab, Kirsten Wolberg has moved a global organization to agile development and helped change the overall ownership of her organization. She'll draw off these experiences and share we might manage the changes happening at Mozilla. Speaker: Kirsten Wolberg currently serves as Vice President, Talent at PayPal, leading the talent acquisition, performance and learning teams. She also holds the role as Separation Executive for PayPal leading the PayPal separation program as part of the eBay/PayPal tax-free split. Kirsten was selected to lead the newly created Talent organization for PayPal to bring her deep background in technology, operations and transformational change leadership to the talent function. She is leading the innovation to reimagine Talent for the newly independent PayPal. Prior to her current roles she led the chief operating functions for PayPal Technology including technology strategy, planning, M&A, quality, transformation, employee engagement and the PayPal Open Source Office. Previously, she was Chief Information Officer (CIO) at salesforce.com and divisional CIO for Corporate Technology at Charles Schwab. Kirsten is on the Board of Silicon Graphics International. She is also Trustees for. Additionally she is a Board Member of the Greater Bay Area chapter of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Year Up Bay Area, and Jewish Vocational Services. Kirsten holds a BS degree in Finance from USC and an MBA from J.L. Kellogg School of Management. Host: David Slater Questions: Submit questions for Kirsten during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Topic: The Role of a Product Manager - and Everyone Else "The job of a product manager is to help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users.” Seems simple - but anyone who has worked on a product knows it’s not. At what point are you ready to ship? What is the right product? How do you know when you’ve built it? And often more complicated than it sounds: who are your users? The best PMs are less product thought leaders and visionaries (though they certainly may be), but moreso shepherds of stakeholders and builders of processes to sort through these critical challenges. While they typically don’t produce tangible artifacts such as code or mockups, the ultimate success of the team and product can hinge on the effectiveness of the product manager. In short, product management done well helps make companies and products much better. But when done badly, it can significantly hurt a company and team. Speaker: As an investment partner at Greylock, Josh Elman invests in entrepreneurs building social networks and platforms, mobile apps, new media, and connected devices. Josh specializes in designing, building, and scaling consumer products, having been part of multiple companies that have grown to more than 100 million users. Before joining Greylock, Josh spent 15 years in product and engineering roles at leading companies in social, commerce, and media. Josh was the product lead for growth and relevance at Twitter, growing Twitter’s active user base by nearly 10x. Prior to Twitter, Josh worked on the platform at Facebook and led the launch of Facebook Connect. Josh was an early employee at LinkedIn and helped establish early models for user growth and launched v1 of LinkedIn Jobs. Josh also held roles leading product management for Zazzle, and product and engineering for RealJukebox and RealPlayer at RealNetworks. Josh currently serves on the boards of Medium, Meerkat, Operator, and Super. Josh also works closely with our investments in Nextdoor and Whosay. Josh led Greylock’s investment in SmartThings, which was acquired by Samsung in 2014. Josh holds a BS in Symbolic Systems with a focus on Human Computer Interaction from Stanford University. Deck Host: Justin Crawford Questions: Submit questions for Josh during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina, #mozSS Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Topic: Building Products with Partners: Interview with Slack's April Underwood Building products is complex. Building products with partners, considerably moreso. Varying resources, goals, strategies and cultures pose challenges. But partnering well on products is often worth the effort. This month April Underwood, head of all product & partnerships at Slack, will draw from her experiences at Google, Twitter, Travelocity and more to help us navigate the complexities of marrying products and partnerships. She'll be interviewed by our very own Bertrand Neveux, who has built products with partners for most of his career at and leading up to Mozilla. Speaker: April Underwood is head of Platform at Slack, a messaging platform that has evolved into a diverse ecosystem of partners. There, she drives key growth initiatives and oversees platform products, partnerships, API integrations and developer relations. She previously worked on products for Travelocity, Apple, Google, Climate Corp (Weatherbill). Just before joining Slack, April led teams of Product Managers as Director of Product on Twitter’s fast-growing Advertising (Ads API, ads.twitter.com) and Data (Firehose, Gnip) products. She was also a PM for the Tweet Button and Twitter API, and built Twitter's Business Development team from the ground up to strike strategic partnerships with firms including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, EA, Salesforce and Adobe. And while she used to write code (and sometimes writes term sheets as an angel investor), her first love is building and leading product teams and working with engineers and designers to build and launch great products that people want to use. Host: Bertrand Neveux Questions: Submit questions for April during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtags: #mozSS #brantina Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Topic: The Right Way to Build Software: Ideals Over Ideology Add-ons. Advertising. Dogfooding. Email clients. Mozillians form strong opinions on all sides of these (and other) topics, often for legitimate reasons. We’re not alone. Leading software firms such as VMWare and Facebook also grapple with contentious technology and process issues, and Jocelyn Goldfein has firsthand experience of this. She's led engineering teams building software for both consumers and the enterprise; apps and the web; and for license fees and for free. These teams are like us: they debate how to best release software - and a host of other issues. Drawing from these experiences, Jocelyn will provide frameworks for how Mozilla can navigate these discussions effectively to drive better outcomes. Speaker: Jocelyn Goldfein has held senior engineering leadership roles spanning from high-growth companies like VMware and Facebook to small startups. She is a widely recognized industry spokesperson on scaling engineering operations, mobile engineering, and diversity in tech. Goldfein currently is an independent angel investor and advisor to startups. As Director of Engineering at Facebook she led Facebook’s push on mobile infrastructure and quality, initiating major new investments in architecture and tooling and helped guide Facebook’s transition to “mobile first.” She launched new product initiatives in search, news feed, and photos. She also drove strategic engineering operational initiatives, including overhauling Facebook’s approach to technical recruiting. More on Jocelyn at her website. Deck Host: Nick Nguyen Questions: Submit questions for Jocelyn during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC + Air Mozilla Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Topic: Optimizing for Uncertainty: Deciding and Moving Quickly The web is increasingly complex and dynamic. How can larger software organizations keep up with this rapid, perpetual change? In the natural realm, 'complex adaptive systems’ allow for flux and change in tumultuous environments. Our December speaker will draw on these models to illustrate how modern organizations can decide and move quickly. Mike will share how leading tech and product organizations are not simply adapting to increased change, but innovating and thriving in these dynamic environments by: operating around networks vs hierarchies distributing authority processing information effectively embracing structured and facilitated methods for collecting feedback and gaining consent on group action. Speaker: Mike Arauz is a Founding Member and Acting President at August, a New York based consulting firm that builds high-performing teams for the world’s most meaningful missions. Previously, Mike was a Partner at Undercurrent, where he worked with leaders of global companies to transform how their organizations work and thrive in the 21st century, including GE, Pearson, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mike is also a co-author of the Responsive.org manifesto and a leading contributor to the global self-management and future of work movement. Deck Host: Jim Cook, CFO, Mozilla Recommended pre-watch: Mitchell’s 2nd Portland Keynote on Decisionmaking Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Topic: Data As Empathy To build products people love, you must understand those people. User research and user-centered design help get us there, but once we have a sense of how our audiences think and behave, how can we go beyond the anecdotal to extrapolate to the macro? What ways can we better understand the needs of millions of users who think, act and operate differently than us? Our October speaker Frances Haugen will share from her product management and software engineering experiences with products used by millions of Google and Yelp customers. She'll help us understand how data - done 'right' - connects us to millions of users we don't know personally. And she'll outline what doing data right means for product development, and how product owners can build things their users love. Speaker: As both a Senior Product Manager, Software Engineer and Data Scientist for companies including Yelp and Google, Frances has worked at the intersection of data, design and humans throughout her career. An Electrical and Computer Engineering undergrad, Frances says she sees the world as comprised of hi and low cast filters. Host: Matt Grimes, User Advocacy Deck Questions: Submit questions for Frances during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Topic: “Should I put it on Yammer?” How do you respond when people at Mozilla ask you this? Do you sigh, roll your eyes, let out a small resigned laugh? Most of us know that many seemingly-benign posts (this one now the stuff of legends) can sometimes devolve into a debate nobody expected, necessarily wanted or knows what to do with. Not always, but enough to cause some communications platforms to be feared by some and occasionally counterproductive. This outcome, of course, is not confined to Yammer, nor is the behavior confined to Mozilla. Our September Brantina speaker, Deanna Zandt, has generously volunteered to speak with us about the neuroscientific dynamics of online communications. She’ll provide a deeper understanding of how our brains work when we’re engaged in online discussions which can help us communicate better, make better decisions, be more productive, and ultimately engage with more people driving richer, more dynamic outcomes. Speaker: Deanna Zandt creates and implements web strategies supporting civic engagement and cultural agency, drawing off her background in linguistics, advertising, telecommunications and finance. She’s worked with The Ford Foundation, Deutsche Telekom, Planned Parenthood, and Jim Hightower’s Hightower Lowdown; and has also advised the White House on digital strategy and public engagement. Deanna has been a regular contributor to Forbes.com, as well as NPR’s flagship news program, “All Things Considered” and is a frequent guest on MSNBC, CNN International, BBC Radio and Fox News. Host: Doug Turner Deck Questions: Submit questions for Deanna during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Thursday, August 13th @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Topic: Hiten Shah will share his ideas and experience with growth hacking, a scrappy marketing technique developed by technology startups, and how it specifically applies to Mozilla. Larger companies that embrace this approach (examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Airbnb and Dropbox) use creativity, analytical thinking, and social metrics to gain product exposure and grow their market share quickly. Speaker: Hiten Shah is cofounder and president of analytics companies KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg; he also advises startups. Host: Jascha Kaykas-Wolff Deck Questions: Submit your questions for Hiten in advance here, or during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Speaker: Tom Chi has worked in disciplines ranging from astrophysical research to Fortune 500 consulting to developing new hardware and software (web & client) products and services. He’s worked on large projects of global scale (Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Search), and scaled new projects from conception to significance (Yahoo! Answers from 0 to 90 million users). He also co-founded GoogleX, the semi-secret group responsible for cutting edge projects including the autonomous driving vehicles, contact lenses that monitor glucose through tears and balloons in the stratosphere that provide Internet access. Topic: Tom will talk about his approach to rapid prototyping using 'native' materials like paper and foam core to create and test experiences. Using this method, he has led teams to work more effectively and quickly, building state of the art (see above for examples) products as part of an ongoing innovation process. Host: Josh Carpenter Deck Workshop adapted from Tom's talk, from Mozilla Learning Network Questions: Submit your questions for Tom in advance here. Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Speaker: Kate Heddleston, a software engineer in San Francisco, does a lot of speaking on the people-dimensions of software development and engineering management best practices. Her focus is on how software gets made, as well as on what it does. Topic: Kate shares her thoughts on the topic of onboarding new hires - what it takes to do that well, particularly in an engineering environment - and the 'team debt' that results when we do it poorly. Kate also shared some of the fairly immediate things individual teams can do to reduce the debt. Deck. Questions submitted to Kate in advance are here. Submitting a Speaker Idea We will give special consideration to speaker ideas submitted by Mozillians! Criteria for speakers is outlined above. Tell us how and why your speaker will appeal to a broad set of Mozillians here. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Speaker_Series&oldid=1143348" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Business Intel Buys a Startup to Catch Up in Deep Learning Acquisition should let Nervana Systems speed development of its chips radically redesigned for artificial intelligence. by Peter Burrows and Tom Simonite August 9, 2016 Earlier this year, Nervana Systems CEO Naveen Rao was asked what would happen if Intel began attacking the fast-growing market for chips designed specifically for running “deep learning” software. “They would be unstoppable,” he said. Now, Rao will be a key player in Intel’s attempt to catch up in one of the most promising new silicon markets to emerge since the smartphone. Intel revealed Tuesday that it is buying Nervana and its deep-learning hardware and software for an undisclosed amount. The acquisition marks a departure for Intel and comes at a crucial moment. The company became the world’s largest chip maker with a single-minded strategy to make its x86 microprocessors the standard for running a huge swath of applications, from solitaire to massive payroll systems. Nervana and other startups believe deep learning requires entirely new chip architectures that work more like the human brain—by processing millions of random bits of data to come up with an insight, rather than by running an algorithm created by a programmer. (You can see how Rao described this in detail at EmTech Digital in May.) So far, Intel is a bit player in this market, which could grow from less than a billion to $2.4 billion by 2024, according to the market research firm Tractica. The current market share leader is Nvidia, the leading maker of graphics processing chips used in game consoles and PCs. Since researchers discovered the chips’ aptitude for running neural networks, Nvidia has built software to help deep-learning experts use the chips—and it has developed aggressive sales and marketing programs to lock in a big lead. But although graphics chips are much more efficient at running deep-learning software than Intel’s conventional CPUs, chips specifically designed for the task should be even more efficient. Intel had largely ignored the market until this June, when it announced a version of its Xeon Phi co-processor that is well-suited for certain deep-learning jobs. To create a new family of chips specifically for deep learning could have taken years. "While artificial intelligence is often equated with great science fiction, it isn’t relegated to novels and movies. AI is all around us," said Diane Bryant, executive vice president of Intel’s Data Center Group, in a blog post. Rao says that Nervana will complete development of its first chip, called the Nervana Engine, this year as originally planned, and make it available via the cloud to customers in early 2017. Nervana claims the chip can do as much neural processing as 200 microprocessors or 10 GPUs, in large part because it features a new memory technology that lets it process far more bits at the same time. Nervana's first chip is not being made by Intel, but later ones will be. Rao says Intel's leading chip fabrication technology and a new, high-speed disk drive technology coming to market this year will help Nervana's ideas to reach their full potential. With its vast marketing budget, Intel should also be able to put pressure on Nvidia to reduce prices. Intel also gets Rao, a long-time chip designer who went back to school in 2011 to get a PhD in computational neuroscience from Brown University, according to his LinkedIn profile. He then joined Qualcomm, where he led a research project to build a “biologically inspired artificial neural network.” This became Zeroth AI, a software platform to help companies use Qualcomm chips to build deep-learning systems. When Qualcomm declined to turn his research into an actual product, he cofounded Nervana in 2014. Rather than sell the chips, Rao’s strategy has been to use them to power a deep-learning cloud service, saving customers the hassle of developing their own neural networks. “We timed it well,” Rao said in the interview earlier this year. “We’ve been building something that not many people thought was a good idea a couple of years ago.” Learn more about deep learning at EmTech Digital 2017. Register now From Our Advertisers Sponsored by Google for Work Survey: Machine Learning Trends, Challenges, and Opportunities In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Intel, deep learning, artificial intelligence, AI, Naveen Rao, Nervana, MIT Technology Review Events, EmTech 2016 Peter Burrows and Tom Simonite Guest Contributor Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Business Technologies are revolutionizing how we work and how companies operate. Manufacturing Jobs Aren’t Coming Back President-elect Trump’s promise to bring back production jobs ignores the realities of advanced manufacturing. by Mark Muro When Its Employee Blew the Whistle, Theranos Was Out for Blood Mind-boggling VC funding and influential board members appear to have created a company prepared to do anything but admit defeat. by Jamie Condliffe Amazon’s Push in India Starts to Deliver The e-tailing giant learned some hard lessons from its failure to hit it big in China, and it’s putting them to use in the subcontinent. by Nanette Byrnes More from Business The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Chris Swan's Weblog About Commenting Speaking « Review – Dell PowerEdge T110 II Review – Gigabyte Brix GB-XM14-1037 » Review – Intel NUC DC53427HYE 05Feb14 I’ve been using a Lenovo X201 Tablet in a docking station as my main machine for about 3 years now. 8GB RAM hasn’t been enough for a while, which is why I got 16GB for my X230 laptop, and I’ve been having issues with the CPU running out of steam when using Skype and Google Hangouts. I first came across Intel’s Next Unit of Computing (NUC) at Intel’s Developer Forum (IDF) in San Francisco in 2012. At the time I was a little dismissive of it in comparison to the Raspberry Pi for applications like streaming media, where it’s just too expensive (and larger than it needs to be). I did however feel that it would be a good basis for a small, quiet and frugal desktop machine. Joe Baguley brought my attention to Alex Galbraith’s London VMUG presentation ‘Intel NUC Nanolab‘, which had me look at the NUC again. Alex also has a comparison table, and he concludes with the recommendation: As regards this latest batch of models, I personally still think the sweet spot is with the Intel Core i5-3427U DC53427HYE 2nd Gen model, which includes vPro for remote access, and will turbo to a handsome 2.8GHz Built in sound might have tipped me towards the newer i5-4250 model, but they’re not actually available, which is why I ended up getting an i5-3427 one (for £260 on eBay). The i5 version also had the gigabit ethernet and DisplayPort connectors that I wanted. Making it complete The NUC comes bare bones, so I popped in 16GB of RAM and a 480GB mSATA drive (both from Crucial). I moved a Windows 8 license over from an old Microserver, and jumped straight to 8.1 on install. A USB2 hub and a cheap USB sound adaptor from eBay finished things off (sadly my Dell 27″ monitor doesn’t seem to do sound over Displayport). Installation Windows 8.1 had no problem with drivers, and I got glorious 2560×1440 as soon as I plugged it in with DisplayPort. A visit to the Intel driver site got some more recent stuff for things like ACHI. Even the cheap USB sound card just worked :) Performance It’s subjectively very fast, though I might still be in the new machine honeymoon period. Sadly I can’t get Windows Experience Index numbers as WEI was ditched with the 8.1 release. Boot up speed is particularly good. Less subjectively it clocks a Geekbench of 4815, which beats my same generation i5-3320M powered laptop at 4065[1]. Some noise It’s quiet, but not quite silent. I would still notice the fan on the laptop, and I still notice the fan on the NUC. It’s nowhere near annoying or even distracting, but it’s there. I may have to splash out on the Akasa Newton V fanless case, which would also bring a couple of extra USB2 ports up front. Update (13 Mar 2013): So I didn’t last very long. I ordered the silent case from CCL  a few days after writing this, and I’ve been enjoying a silent working environment ever since. Power peril The NUC has received a bit of criticism for not having a mains cable for it’s power supply unit – it needs a C5 ‘cloverleaf’ (aka Mickey Mouse) lead. That wasn’t a problem, as it’s the sort of thing I do have lying around. The peril comes from a lack of battery backup. Having used laptops for the last few years I’ve survived the all too frequent cuts and brownouts in my area, so it’s a rude shock to be back on the unreliable mains grid (especially when plumbers decide to do safety tests that trip my residual current detector – apparently it’s ‘too sensitive’). I’m awaiting delivery of an IEC-C5 cable so I can run the NUC off my UPS. Conclusion I’m very happy with the NUC. It looks pretty on my desk, and offers up good performance without using loads of power and without making loads of noise. I may yet splash out on the silent case to get quiet PC nirvana. Apart from that I should be happy until I need something that can drive a 4K monitor (once they’ve sorted out all of the issues with driving those screens). Note [1] It’s a total mystery to me why a 35W CPU is beaten by a 17W CPU, but I’m left wishing that my laptop could use those watts better. Like this: Like Loading... Related Filed under: review, technology   |  3 Comments Tags: benchmark, DC53427HYE, displayport, i5, i5-3427U, Intel, NUC, RAM, ssd 3 Responses to “Review – Intel NUC DC53427HYE” Feed for this Entry Trackback Address 1 Review – Gigabyte Brix GB-XM14-1037 | Chris Swan's Weblog 2 Gizmo2 first impressions | Chris Swan's Weblog 3 Self Encrypting Drives | Chris Swan's Weblog « Review – Dell PowerEdge T110 II Review – Gigabyte Brix GB-XM14-1037 » Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Subscribe  Default feed link  Subscribe in a reader Search Raspberry Pi Downloads Pi Chimney Top Posts Making an image file from an SD card on Windows Raspberry Pi GPIO Joystick Forwarding DNS queries to AWS VPC resolvers Using Overlay file system with Docker on Ubuntu Howto stunnel from HTTPS to HTTPS Raspberry Pi sous vide water bath Node-RED on WRTnode Howto - Factory Reset iLO 4 on HP Microserver Gen8 Apache 2.2 on Ubuntu 14.04 Raspberry Pi TV/PVR Recent Posts InfoQ – Serverlessconf London 2016 Review – Lenovo X250 Metaprogramming The Boiling Conspiracy Online services – a retrospective Recent Comments TYR on Securely accessing your home n… Hugh Grant on Online services – a… Chris Swan on Why my X230 might be my last L… dekks herton on Why my X230 might be my last L… Chris Swan on The Boiling Conspiracy Pinboard.in bookmarks Cloud Trends — Where have we come from and where are we headed The academic brain drain, parallel invention, and a royally impressive AI screw-up According to Snopes, Fake News Is Not the Problem Former CEO Of UBS And Credit Suisse: "Central Banks Are Past The Point Of No Return, It Will All End In A Crash" For the ‘new yellow journalists,’ opportunity comes in clicks and bucks Tupper's Self-referential Formula is like a mathematical quine The Art of the Awkward 1:1 Two weeks with Terraform Pivotal CEO Rob Mee on digital industry transformation The Container Engine is a Commodity Twitter Updates @Howard_Rees livescience.com/50827-safest-p… https://t.co/WY1almCg63 6 hours ago TFW the train you're supposed to be connecting to goes past on the other line. Lousy @GWRUK service from Reading to… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 8 hours ago @IanMmmm I think the dial goes to 11 for that 8 hours ago The optimism of @nationalrailenq live running never fails to amuse. *My* data indicates that late trains generally get later vs catching up. 8 hours ago @Howard_Rees yep, it's safer, and I find it more comfortable (as breaking forces are generally larger than acceleration forces) 11 hours ago Blogroll 451 CAOS Theory Adam Bosworth’s Weblog Andrew McAfee Behavioural Investing CapitalSCF Carpe Visum causticTech Charles Stross confused of calcutta Cory Doctorow Craig Murray Dan Creswell’s Weblog Dark Reading Dilbert Blog DJW Doc Searls Don Box’s Spoutlet Dopplr Eben Moglen Enhyper Financial Cryptography Fred Destin Freedom to Tinker Graham Glass, etc. Greg Matter Hugh Grant Internet Alchemy Invisible Things James Strachan’s Weblog John Merrells Jon Udel Justice League Kim Cameron Lambda the Ultimate – Programming Languages Weblog Light Blue Touchpaper Loosely Coupled weblog Luke Hutteman’s Weblog Marc Andreeson Nick Selby ongoing Otaku, Cedric’s weblog Park Paradigm Paul Graham Phil Becker Pi4Tech PJKtech Radovan Janecek: Nothing Impersonal rants Richard Monson-Haefel SAAS Schneier on Security Service Oriented Enterprise Simon Phipps’s Blog techno.blog(“Dion”) The BileBlog THE GRID BLOG Tim Oren’s Due Diligence timbl’s blog virtualization.info WebMink WebServices.org XKCD Categories Categories Select Category architecture  (6) Arduino  (9) BeagleBone  (3) beer  (1) Bitcoin  (1) blogging  (7) cloud  (58) code  (14) CohesiveFT  (19) cooking  (6) could_do_better  (47) did_do_better  (10) Docker  (38) e2.0  (9) film  (1) Gizmo2  (1) grumble  (26) howto  (55) identity  (21) InfoQ news  (26) making  (11) marketing  (5) media  (14) micro:bit  (1) mobile  (2) networking  (19) photography  (1) politics  (13) presentation  (8) Raspberry Pi  (55) review  (42) security  (45) software  (12) technology  (145) The New Stack  (1) The Stack  (3) this blog  (4) travel  (13) Uncategorized  (9) wibble  (13) WRTnode  (3) Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Micron slaps QuantX label on 3D XPoint memory by Eric Born  11:21 AM on August 9, 2016 Intel and Micron's 3D XPoint memory technology has been drawing attention recently. The companies claim that this non-volatile memory (pronounced "3D cross-point") should provide significantly higher performance than NAND while being much more dense. In advance of its keynote speech later today at the Flash Memory Summit, Micron has released details about how 3D XPoint will appear on the market. We already know that Intel will sell the memory under the Optane branding, and has a line of solid-state disks on the way. Micron, on the other hand, revealed today that it will sell the memory under the brand Micron QuantX. Computerworld quotes Micron's vice president of storage solutions, Jon Carter, as saying that Micron and Intel have "completely separate" and distinct marketing plans. Furthermore, Carter indicated that its products will focus on data center applications, noting that while QuantX may appear in mobile and desktop products at some point, it won't be in the near future. More information should be available as the Flash Memory Summit continues, and we'll certainly know more as Intel and Micron get some products closer to market. Tags: Storage Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... This discussion is now closed. View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Asus' X99-A II motherboard reviewed Improving on perfection by Mark Nelson  11:42 AM on August 9, 2016 Broadwell-E is here, giving Intel's high-end desktop platform an impressive shot in the arm. This refresh bumped the top-end X-series part to ten cores—each now sporting Intel's Broadwell microarchitecture—all while fitting into the same LGA2011-v3 socket that we welcomed with Haswell-E. Part of Broadwell-E's appeal is the fact that the chip is a drop-in replacement for its Haswell-based predecessors. Existing X99 boards should require no more than a firmware update to work with the latest processors. That said, motherboard manufacturers are taking this opportunity to release refreshed X99 boards. This new breed has been spruced up with all the latest hotness in storage and peripheral connectivity that their predecessors lack. In particular, we're seeing support for standards like USB 3.1 Type-C, Thunderbolt, and U.2 ports on some boards. One example of this refresh wave is Asus' X99-A II, the Broadwell-E refresh to Asus' X99-A. That board won our coveted Editor's Choice award when it was the new thing on the market. Let's dig in to see if the sequel is as good as the original. Asus has kept the same monochromatic visual theme going with the X99-A II as we've seen from its previous X99 and Z170 boards. The company has made a few cosmetic tweaks compared to its first-generation X99 boards, though. Instead of heatsinks clad in matte black and white, Asus has gone with silver and white to match is current crop of Z170 "pro" boards. The printed circuit board itself is still completely black, however. The X99-A II makes full use of every square inch of board real estate. Alongside the huge LGA2011-v3 CPU socket, Asus' engineers managed to squeeze in the full allotment of eight DDR4 DIMM slots. This also lets Asus make use of all nine ATX mounting holes. If builders need to apply pressure to the board when it's mounted in a case, the X99-A II's PCB won't flex like some narrower ATX motherboards might. Flipping the board over reveals several clusters of surface-mounted components, a second Asus TPU chip, and a row of LEDs for the under-board lighting. The back of the board also clearly shows that all the heatsinks are held in place with screws. There's even a large backplate on the underside of the main VRM heatsink. This should ensure that the electrical components make adequate contact with the metal above. On the topic of voltage regulation, it's worth pointing out that Broadwell-E, like the previous Haswell-E, makes use of Intel's fully-integrated voltage regulator (FIVR) technology, although it's presumably a more advanced iteration than what we saw with Haswell. The motherboard-based VRM components are found underneath the two VRM heatsinks, the second of which is hidden underneath a large plastic shroud that extends all the way to the rear port cluster. This shroud is purely cosmetic, and it's secured with just three screws on the underside of the board. Removing it could improve airflow to that left VRM heatsink. It also gives the X99-A II a more blacked-out look. One difference compared to Asus' original X99-A is that the board is fitted with two CPU power connectors: one eight-pin EPS12V and one four-pin ATX12V. Both of these connectors need to be occupied for proper operation of the board. When we stop to consider the potential power draw when overclocking Intel's top-end ten core Broadwell-E part, this move certainly makes sense. This power-connector requirement caught me off guard as I opened the X99-A II's retail box. Thankfully, a quick trip to my box of cables, connectors, and miscellany rectified the situation with a handy Molex to four-pin ATX12V adapter, since my Cooler Master V750 is only fitted with a single eight-pin ATX12V connector.  Be sure to check your power supply, and your cables box, before opening your wallet for this motherboard. Tags: Motherboards Page 1 - Introduction Page 2 - Taking a stroll around the socket Page 3 - Storage, audio, and the goodies Page 4 - Tweaking via the firmware, Tweaking with software Page 5 - Overclocking Page 6 - Performance highlights, Power consumption Page 7 - Detailed specifications, Our testing methods Page 8 - Conclusion 20 comments View image gallery View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals XboxOneBlackFridayDeals Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Health & Fitness/ Fitness Trackers/ Basis Peak Basis Peak Comments August 09, 2016 PREVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 11 Photos in Gallery MSRP $199.99 Pros Fully automated activity detection. Excellent Web app. Includes heart rate and skin temperature readings. Supports some smartwatch functionality. Waterproof. Good display. Comfortable. Swappable band. Waterproof to 50 meters. Cons A little chunky for petite people. No buttons; touch-screen only. Doesn't measure distance. Mobile-only wireless syncing, which means an iOS or Android device is required. No stopwatch. No calorie-counting system. Bottom Line The Basis Peak initially impressed us with its advanced fitness-tracking capabilities, but it has since been recalled and is no longer recommended. By Jill Duffy Editors' Note: We first published this review in November 2014, and the Basis Peak remains one of the top-performing fitness trackers we've tested. In August 2016, Intel recalled the tracker for overheating issues known to cause discomfort, burning, or blistering on the skin. It is no longer available for purchase, and Intel is offering exisiting users a full refund for the tracker and any authorized accessories. As such, we have removed our original 4.5-star rating and no longer recommend this product. (The original review is below.) //Compare Similar Products Compare Misfit Flash   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Samsung Gear Fit   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Garmin Vivosmart   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Garmin Forerunner 15   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Wellograph   %displayPrice%%seller% see it The Basis Peak ($199) is the best fitness tracker you can buy on the market today. It looks like an ordinary watch, and a slightly sporty one at that. But the magic is in how it automatically detects when you're walking, running, sleeping, and bicycling to measure all those activities when you do them. And "automatically" is the operative word there. You never have to put it into sleep mode or running mode. It does that part for you. The Basis Peak also records your heart rate throughout, plus skin temperature, perspiration, how many calories you burned, and more. In the case of sleep, the Basis Peak breaks down your light, deep, and REM sleep cycles, as well as your restless and waking moments. The device, which is an updated version of the venerable Basis Carbon Steel Edition (that device is no longer being sold), will support some smartwatch functionality, namely incoming text messages and phone calls (although it won't be active at launch; the feature will be pushed to devices by the end of 2014, according to the company). For its effortless tracking, comfortable design, and excellent data collection, the Basis Peak is our new Editors' Choice for fitness activity trackers. Design and Compatibility The Basis Peak is a watch-style activity tracker available in two colors: matte black and white. It has a large, high-contrast LCD screen, which shows either dark text on a light background or vice versa depending on the light conditions around you. You won't find any buttons on this watch, as all the navigation happens via a touch screen. The housing is forged aluminum, topped with Gorilla Glass. Petite people will likely find Basis Peak too big. I have wide wrist bones, and it's a comfortable fit for me, but barely. Because the Basis Peak has an optical heart rate monitor (HRM) behind the watch face, it helps to wear it slightly higher on the arm than in the wrist bone divot, especially while working out. A silicone band feels more sporty and casual than business-like, but it's comfortable and has ridges that encourage some airflow to the skin. The straps come off, and the device is compatible with other standard watch bands, so you can change the sporty look to something different if you like. The Basis Peak has a waterproof rating of 5ATM, so you can take it in the pool, no problem. The battery lasts anywhere from two to five days, depending on use. View All 11 Photos in Gallery The watch ships with a cradle and charger, and one detail I'm happy to see is that the cradle and cord are separate. The cord is a standard micro USB-to-USB, making it easy to replace if you lose it. The cradle snaps into place courtesy of a simple magnet, without you having to remove the wristbands, which you had to do with the old Basis. These are the kinds of little improvements that make the new watch better, but not wildly different from the old one. Your options for syncing, however, have changed. The first Basis watch could sync via a computer when you connected the USB charger, but not so with the Peak. This activity tracker requires a mobile device, either iOS or Android, and can't sync with a computer. You can still access all the information the Basis Peak collects about you via the website, MyBasis.com, but getting that data to the Web requires a mobile phone or tablet. More about the mobile apps in a bit. Automation and Features As mentioned, the real selling point of Basis Peak is the automation. I can't tell you how many times I've put on some activity-tracking device, set out on a ride or run only to realize five minutes in that I forgot to turn on the special tracking feature. This never happens with the Basis Peak. When you run, it knows. When you ride your bicycle, it knows. When you walk, it knows. Fall asleep? Ditto. No other activity tracker works this way. Hop on your bicycle while wearing the Basis Peak, and within a few seconds of pedaling, you'll see a bicycle icon appear on screen. Peak shows your time in this activity, calorie burn, and other relevant stats. It just works, and it shows you it's working via the icons on the screen. That's unbeatable. Plenty of other activity trackers support a range of activities, but you have to put them into the right "mode" before you start. The Misfit Flash is one example. It's very inexpensive and works well, but its display is a cryptic dial that takes some time to learn how to read, so if you forget how to enable your special tracking mode, it's almost impossible to figure it out on the spot—like when you're already outside and suited up to hop on your bicycle or jump in the pool. A lot of activity trackers give you a stopwatch option for tracking any activity other than walking, but this is one feature notably missing from the Basis Peak. Not having a stopwatch is one reason the Peak is not the most evolved in terms of it being a sports watch or runner's watch. (On a forum recently, a company official said she can't rule out that there will never be a stopwatch feature pushed to the watch via a firmware update, but that there is no plan to add one at this time.) If you're just getting into running, I would recommend checking out the Garmin Forerunner 15, or anything else in the Forerunner series. The Forerunner 15 is something of an entry-level runner's watch, but it's great and also counts your daily steps. There are so many other runner's watches, too, from the TomTom Multi-Sport to Magellan's Echo, but most of them don't do general activity tracking (i.e., daily step count). It all depends on what you want to track. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. 1 2 Moov HR Next : By Jill Duffy Contributing Editor Jill Duffy is a contributing editor, specializing in productivity apps and software, as well as technologies for health and fitness. She writes the weekly Get Organized column, with tips on how to lead a better digital life. Her first book, Get Organized: How to Clean Up Your Messy Digital Life is available for Kindle, iPad, and other digital formats. She is also the creator and author of ProductivityReport.org. Before joining PCMag.com, she was senior editor at the Association for Computing Machinery, a non-profit membership organization for... More » More Stories by Jill 3 Ways to Use Asana's New Kanban Boards Asana just introduced kanban boards to its workflow-management tool. Confused about what kanban boar... More » Polar M200 The Polar M200 offers a lot of fitness tracker functionality for the price, including heart rate mon... More » Lucidchart Online diagramming app Lucidchart supports real-time collaborative editing, has well-stocked librari... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews Fitbit Surge Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Forerunner 735XT Garmin Vivoactive The Best Fitness Trackers of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu MESSY City officials in India’s Silicon Valley threaten to dump garbage at Intel’s premises Written by Itika Sharma Punit August 09, 2016 Quartz india Crappy problems. (Reuters/Ronen Zvulun) Share Written by Itika Sharma Punit August 09, 2016 Quartz india The world’s largest semiconductor maker faced a rather peculiar threat by a civic body in India’s Silicon Valley earlier this week. On Aug. 8, Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP)—Bengaluru’s administrative body responsible for civic and infrastructural assets—sent loaded garbage trucks to Intel’s local offices , threatening to dump trash at the premises unless the company paid its outstanding property tax, according to local media reports. ಇಂಟೆಲ್ ಕಚೇರಿಯಲ್ಲಿ ಕಸ ಸುರಿಯಲು ಮುಂದಾದ ಬಿಬಿಎಂಪಿ https://t.co/BxujtDlkWT #Intel #Bengaluru #BBMP pic.twitter.com/FG4FKsdR79 — PublicTV (@publictvnews) August 8, 2016 The US-headquartered company owes BBMP Rs34 crore ($5.1 million) in property tax dues since 2009-10, Bangalore Mirror newspaper reported. According to BBMP, Intel has been paying taxes for non-air conditioned premises, while its building is centrally air-conditioned. The civic authority has been asking for its due for a couple of years now, but Intel has challenged the demand in court. The company refused to share details about its argument against BBMP. In July this year, Intel appealed its tax in the Karnataka high court. The court asked the company to deposit just 50% of the request sum with BBMP. That apparent compromise does not seem to have resolved the issue, however. “Today, we went to collect the tax and we came to know that they have obtained four more weeks’ time from the court to pay the money,” said BBMP joint commissioner Muniveerappa M, who went to Intel’s campus yesterday with the garbage trucks. The trucks were removed from the facility soon after. Twitter users could not resist from expressing their amusement over the innovative tax-recovery method used by Bengaluru authorities. Intel Inside…Garbage Outside ;) BBMP and it's tax recovery drive — Sridhar Naidu (@svnaidu74) August 9, 2016 Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back DST, Intel and IIT Bombay to support hardware-based start-ups IANS | New Delhi Aug 09, 2016 08:06 PM IST In order to make the Digital India initiative more successful, Department of Science & Technology (DST), Intel India and the Society for Innovation & Entrepreneurship (SINE) at IIT-Bombay have joined hands to launch the Collaborative Incubation Programme for hardware and systems startups. The programme has been designed to support hardware and systems-based start-ups in the country through mentoring, training, lab facilities, hardware kits, prototyping, business services and fundings. "Department of Science and Technology (DST) is deeply committed in supporting technology and entrepreneurship initiatives that are of relevance to national needs. For the first time, DST, Intel and SINE are collaborating to incubate hardware and systems startups in India," said HK Mittal, Advisor, National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board, DST in a statement. Through the programme, DST, Intel India and SINE aim to support up to 20 start-ups and the call for applications to the first batch will be announced in early August this year. During the year-long programme, start-ups will be supported for six months on-site at SINE, IIT, Bombay or Intel India, Bengaluru. After six months, the start-ups' solutions will be showcased to investors and industry players. "Intel has a strong focus on accelerating innovation and entrepreneurship in India, and we are committed to help enable startups in the systems area, both hardware and software. Along with DST and SINE, IIT Bombay, Intel India will also provide the critical support these starts ups need to be able to excel in creating market ready products and solutions," said Nivruti Rai, General Manager, Intel India. --IANS som/ss/vm Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Marion Cotillard was only choice for 'Allied' Casting SRK is the demand of the role: Aanand L. Rai Eiffel Tower's stairway section sold for half million euros Government approves new 62 Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Congress panel on Punjab polls duscusses candidate selection [ more ] Top Stories Gold loses most liquid asset status Currency in circulation dips 20% in week ended Nov 18 Jan Dhan accounts see spurt in money flow after demonetisation Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story [ more ] Markets Gold loses most liquid asset status Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Intervention brakes rupee near record as $2.8 bn flees Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story [ more ] Companies Domestic stent maker SMT fights perception with new trial Airtel Payments Bank goes live with pilot project in Rajasthan Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Bagging the account Not just Tesco, Auchan, Walmart, even Biyani & Reliance keen on food FDI: Harsimrat Kaur Badal Gold loses most liquid asset status Bureaucratic reshuffle: 19 new secretaries appointed Warming to cashless delivery [ more ] Today's Paper Domestic stent maker SMT fights perception with new trial Airtel Payments Bank goes live with pilot project in Rajasthan Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGpYqm Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others DST, Intel and IIT Bombay to support hardware-based start-ups DST, Intel and IIT Bombay to support hardware-based start-ups Source : Last Updated: Tue, Aug 09, 2016 20:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print New Delhi, Aug 9 (IANS) In order to make the Digital India initiative more successful, Department of Science & Technology (DST), Intel India and the Society for Innovation & Entrepreneurship (SINE) at IIT-Bombay have joined hands to launch the Collaborative Incubation Programme for hardware and systems startups. The programme has been designed to support hardware and systems-based start-ups in the country through mentoring, training, lab facilities, hardware kits, prototyping, business services and fundings. "Department of Science and Technology (DST) is deeply committed in supporting technology and entrepreneurship initiatives that are of relevance to national needs. For the first time, DST, Intel and SINE are collaborating to incubate hardware and systems startups in India," said HK Mittal, Advisor, National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board, DST in a statement. Through the programme, DST, Intel India and SINE aim to support up to 20 start-ups and the call for applications to the first batch will be announced in early August this year. During the year-long programme, start-ups will be supported for six months on-site at SINE, IIT, Bombay or Intel India, Bengaluru. After six months, the start-ups' solutions will be showcased to investors and industry players. "Intel has a strong focus on accelerating innovation and entrepreneurship in India, and we are committed to help enable startups in the systems area, both hardware and software. Along with DST and SINE, IIT Bombay, Intel India will also provide the critical support these starts ups need to be able to excel in creating market ready products and solutions," said Nivruti Rai, General Manager, Intel India. --IANS som/ss/vm SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved


TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Black Friday Deals Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Black Friday Deals Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Computing / Laptop / Lenovo Ideapad 510S Lenovo Ideapad 510S review 0 shares Read Comments By Edward Chester Updated: 09 August 2016 Awards 1 of 7 Summary Our Score: 8 Page 1: Design, Performance and Verdict 7 Pictures Best Deals Pros Smart design with metal interior Good quality screen Decent performance and great battery life Cons Touchpad not quite up with the best Heavy for a 14-inch laptop Small SSD on Core i3 model Best Deals for Lenovo Ideapad 510S Key Features 14-inch, 1920x1080 IPS display Full-size backlit keyboard Intel Core i3-6100U (tested) up to Core i7-6567U 10 hours battery life 1.7kg 128GB (tested) up to 256GB SSD Intel HD Graphics 520 (tested) up to 550 Manufacturer: Lenovo Review Price: £449.99 What is the Lenovo Ideapad 510S? The Lenovo 510S is a highly affordable, reasonably thin and light laptop that’s available from just £450. With a smart, partially metal design and plenty of options for some powerful hardware, it’s a clear step up from the more entry-level alternatives. Potentially, it's the ideal choice for those seeking a good all-round laptop but who don’t require gaming performance or a DVD drive. This item is currently on sale at Currys, meaning you could save £70. Check out our Black Friday deals for more savings, and get a deal on the Lenovo Ideaoad 510S below: Buy Now: Save £70 on a 14-inch Lenovo Ideapad 510S at Currys for £549 Lenovo Ideapad 510S – Design and Features The Lenovo 500 series is available in 13in, 14in and 15in versions that are somewhat confusingly numbered 500S, 510S and 500 respectively. What’s more, it’s the 510S that's the cheapest entry-level option, with prices of the other two models starting at over £600. Also, S stands for 'Slim'. Confused? So were we. At this price it's somewhat surprising to see that the 510S is a well-made machine with some premium details such as a metal keyboard and screen surround and a backlit keyboard. The outside, meanwhile, is made of tough, pearlescent white plastic. It’s also available in a silver or a red exterior with black interior. Related: Best Laptops You Can Buy Right Now The overall vibe is one of minimalism, with little adorning the inside or outside, save the shiny, embossed Lenovo logo. This is a fairly thin and light laptop but, at 19.3mm thick and weighing from 1.7kg, it’s still a clear step up in bulk over your classic Ultrabook – the MacBook Air or Asus Zenbook, for example. However, with that extra size comes extra features. In terms of connections you get three USB 3.0 ports, an SD card reader, a headphone jack as well as a full-size HDMI output and an Ethernet network port. The latter two are particularly useful additions that mean you won’t need any adapters or dongles to get this machine hooked up to a network or monitor/projector – unlike most Ultrabooks. Inside you'll find a fairly typical selection of features for a thin and light laptop. Depending on how much you spend you’ll get an Intel Core i3-6100U, Core i5-6267U or Core i7-6567U with either a 128GB or 256GB Sata III SSD. The latter is one area where this laptop will clearly trail its more premium sibling the 710S, which includes a faster PCI Express-based SSD. Alongside those processors sit a range of Intel integrated graphics, with those same chips including Intel Graphics HD 520 or 550 graphics processors. That may not sound like much of a difference, but the 550 chip includes a small amount of dedicated graphics RAM that makes it surprisingly capable and thus opens up the potential for 3D gaming at low settings. That's not the case with the Ideapad 510S on here, however. Lenovo also states on its website that there’s a version of this laptop with AMD graphics, but no such options are on sale at the time of writing. Otherwise, the rest of the components are standard across the range. There's 8GB of RAM, 802.11ac W-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, stereo speakers, a webcam and a 14-inch 1,920 x 1,080 screen. The 510S benefits from an excellent keyboard that features large, well-spaced keys that are arranged in an ideal fashion – there's little in the way of bunched up or squashed keys as seen on some laptops. The "\" and "#" keys are slightly wedged in, but not to the extent that it affected my ability to type at speed. Touch-typists will appreciate the nicely defined key action, making it easy to determine when a key is pressed. Plus, the keyboard is backlit, so it’s simple to type accurately even in dark environments. The backlight can be turned off completely if you prefer – it will save a smidge of battery life – and there are two brightness levels. The touchpad isn’t quite so impressive, but still largely gets the job done. It’s a decent size and has accurate tracking alongside a click-anywhere, single-button action. However, the pad surface is metal rather than the etched glass of the best I’ve used, and as a result it just isn’t quite as smooth and effortless to glide across. Lenovo Ideapad 510S – Screen and Audio For a machine costing just £450, it’s great to see the screen on the 80TK002VUK version of the 510S uses IPS LCD technology. This ensures it benefits from far better viewing angles than cheaper TN panels, as well as more accurate colours and better black levels. This is evident the moment you fire up the machine: the screen looks crisp and colourful, with a real depth to blacks. It’s also good to see a matte anti-glare coating in use to keep reflections at bay. With a resolution of 1,920 x 1,080 on a relatively small 14in screen, Lenovo has chosen to ship the 510S with the Windows scaling option set to 150% so that text and icons appear larger and more readable. However, you could just about get away with running it at native resolution if you have sharp eyesight – and if you do then it will mean that you end up with far more desktop space. Related: Best laptops for students When it comes to audio, the 510S offers a reasonable level of power and clarity from its speakers. They certainly aren't setting new records, but are a step up from the tinniest, weakest ones included on truly cheap laptops. Lenovo Ideapad 510S – Performance In general use this is a reasonably nippy machine, despite it being the cheapest option that we’re reviewing. It boots and loads programs quickly and has no problems with general desktop work. This is in contrast to machines that use Intel’s Core M chips, which can be overwhelmed even by fairly modest workloads. The upshot of a Core M, though, is ridiculously low power consumption and massively elevated battery life as a result. That said, if you want to get some serious work done then we'd advise upgrading to either the i5-6267U or 6567U versions. This is reflected in our Geebench 3 benchmark, where this chip scored 2,265 in the single-core test and 5,173 in the multi-core test. In comparison, the 6565U-equipped Lenovo Ideapad 710S scores 3,297 and 7,019 respectively. The i5 model is a £150 increase in price, though, so it's not to be sniffed at. Slightly muddying the performance waters is the SSD, since it actually has faster write performance than that of the 710S and as a result will be slightly quicker when transferring files to the laptop. However, it's read performance that matters for a general snappy feel, and while the 510S scores a perfectly solid 499MB/sec, the 710S hits 1,290MB/sec. 128GB isn't huge, and with a few programs and files on board you won't have much left. This is a problem if you don't store your files in the cloud. If you've already embraced the likes of Google Drive of OneDrive, then it shouldn't be such an issue. The faster CPU of that machine contributes to the overall snappier experience, and is reflected in the PCMark 8 score of 2,127 for the 510S and 2,865 for the 710S. Further cementing the point about this particular CPU option being a more entry-level choice is the 3DMark benchmark that indicates 3D gaming performance. In the Ice Storm test, the 510S scored 287 points while the 710S scored 1,319. Nonetheless, the picture is quite clear – this is a perfectly capable machine for day-to-day use, and the options are present if you want to go for the more powerful CPU. What’s more, this machine seriously impresses when it comes to battery life. The combination of fairly low-power components and a large chassis result in a laptop that lasted for more than 10 hours in our Powermark test. We set brightness to 40% and ran a loop of 10 minutes' browsing the web and 5 minutes of watching video and it managed 10hrs 12mins. That’s well up there with the longest-lasting laptops you can buy, and outperforms plenty of other thin and light devices. The 710S managed 8hrs 37mins in the same test. It’s likely that time will drop slightly with the more powerful CPU versions of this laptop, but not by much. Should I buy the Lenovo Ideapd 510S? This is a great laptop for those wanting a machine that’s reasonably thin and light but want a slightly larger screen and don’t want to compromise on key features such as a wired network connection and full-size HDMI port. At £450, this entry-level model is an excellent choice for those just wanting enough performance for general day-to-day computing, especially since it doesn’t compromise on the screen, keyboard, trackpad quality or battery life. If you want a more powerful machine, however, then the Core i7-6567U-equipped 80TK001BUK version is still a reasonable at £650. The 80TK001AUK model offers perhaps the best bang for buck with its still powerful Core i5-6267U processor and 256GB SSD coming in at £600. If you think £450 is a lot for a Core i3-powered laptop, bear in mind that many of the other models you'll find online do not have SSDs and instead have 1TB hard disks. These will feel substantially slower in day-to-day use so if you have the extra cash for a laptop with an SSD, it's worth it. Verdict A great all-rounder of a laptop that sits in an ideal middle-ground between cheaper larger models and more premium thin and light Ultrabooks. Overall Score 8 Scores In Detail Battery Life 9 Build Quality 8 Design 8 Features 8 Heat & Noise 7 Keyboard 8 Performance 8 Touchpad 7 Value 9 Best Deals for Lenovo Ideapad 510S 0 shares Read Comments MattMe August 9, 2016, 5:12 pm Oh Lenovo. They seem like such bargains, however my regular, unfortunate experience with them says otherwise. Although I've not touched this particular model, I have been burnt too often with them, hardware failures, poor build quality, and more worrying their increasingly forceful bloatware/malware trickery has lost them any trust I did have. I advise people and colleagues not to purchase Lenovo, although it does pain me considering they seem like good value. It's not worth it. I advise the same to anyone reading this. I'd be interested to hear whether the review attempted to uninstall any of the garbage Lenovo provided pre-installed. Ed August 10, 2016, 4:39 pm Hi MattMe. I hear what you're saying but in my experience it's of little to no good to judge a company as a whole in such a way. Most have good and bad products, particularly those that regularly venture into budget sectors - Apple seldom has the same sort of problems because it doesn't make cheap enough products, for instance. You only have to look at the fact that Lenovo now makes ThinkPads to see that it's perfectly capable of making excellent products. As regards the software, I didn't make any particular effort to uninstall the software - I'll have another look shortly - but if it's a major concern you could install a clean version of Windows. Also, there was the controversy about malware being preinstalled but I believe Lenovo has now resolved that. MattMe August 10, 2016, 5:01 pm Hi Ed, thanks for the response. Were you aware of the bloatware that even when uninstalled Lenovo would force-install from the BIOS? So you can do a completely fresh OS install and still end up with unwanted Lenovo software on your machine. Unacceptable. It's been nearly 2 years now, but I wasn't particularly impressed with the last bunch of ThinkPad laptops I bought to be honest. Cheap parts, terrible touchpads. Don't get me started on the Edge desktops. I'm sure they were using recycled hard disks in those. Almost unusable out the box. I wouldn't usually make a sweeping judgement across an entire business the size of Lenovo, however I feel I've had plenty of extremely bad experiences with them on so many different products it's hard not to. Ed August 10, 2016, 5:20 pm I must admit I didn't know they were doing that. However, it appears they've long since (well, a year) stopped the practice. Regardless, I'm not going to defend them anymore than to say this product is decent. Having reviewed dozens of laptops in my time it clearly sits comfortably in the top 25% for most of the day-to-day criteria that buyers look for. John C August 10, 2016, 11:17 pm 8/3 - Purchased a laptop from their website, 8/3 - They Charged my card, even though site states they will not charge for it until item ships, 8/15 - Expected to Ship on AUGUST 15th, 8/22 - Expected Arrive on AUGUST 22nd, 8/9 - I left a negative comment on their site about poor shipping process, 8/10 - They have moderated and REMOVED the negative comment. 8/10 - UPS shipping label has been created, but still not shipped. fearmhor18 August 14, 2016, 9:37 pm I agree with the touchpad verdict, very frustrating to get used to and finger can sometime stutter across the pad, otherwise i love the laptop, design, performance are very good and the weight does'nt bother me. i got the i7 spec and am happy for now. lenovo dont allow any sort of criticism on their website it seems however as they also removed my touchpad feedback. thanks for the review. Niklas August 25, 2016, 7:00 pm Have you tested if the screen is utilizing PWM for lowering the brightness? Anything else looks very nice with this device, but this is especially with lenovo often the deal breaker. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others DST, Intel India and SINE-IIT Bombay tie-up for hardware, systems start-ups DST, Intel India and SINE-IIT Bombay tie-up for hardware, systems start-ups Source : Last Updated: Tue, Aug 09, 2016 15:04 hrs Tweet Mail Print Department of Science and Technology (DST), Government of India, Intel Technology India Pvt. Ltd (Intel India), and Society for Innovation and Entrepreneurship (SINE), IIT Bombay announced their collaboration to launch the collaborative incubation program for Hardware and Systems Startups. This is a unique program wherein the industry, academia and Government have come together to support hardware and systems-based start-ups in the country through mentoring, training, lab facilities, hardware kits, prototyping, business services, funding amongst others. The Program will address gaps in the hardware and systems start-up ecosystem that companies face in product design, development, commercialization, and creating scale for their solutions. DST, Intel India and SINE aim to support up to 20 start-ups under this program, and the call for applications for the first batch will be announced in early August 2016. During the year-long Program, start-ups will be supported for six months on-site at SINE, IIT, Bombay or Intel India, Bengaluru. After a period of six months, the start-ups' solutions will be showcased to investors and industry players at a demo day, post which, the Program will extend virtual support for another six months. Participating start-ups will be incubated through intensive training periods, one-on-one mentoring, technology related support from Intel experts, business service support from SINE, as well as prototyping and manufacturing support. Intel India will build capacities through mentors, and provide technology related support for production and facilitate ideation, design thinking, prototyping workshops and manufacturing support through industry experts. Society for Innovation and Entrepreneurship (SINE) is the business incubator at IIT Bombay, and supports technology start-ups that are based on products or intellectual property. It has been supporting start-ups since 2004 and has so far supported more than 80 starts-ups. Majority of SINE supported star-ups have become revenue generating, with several having reached Rs. 50 to 100 crore in revenue and many start-ups having raised multiple rounds of funding. Amongst a few initiatives, Intel India has been at the forefront of enabling innovations and entrepreneurship among students, professionals, researchers and entrepreneurs. The company has been driving multiple interventions, including its flagship program Intel-DST Innovative for Digital India Challenge, which has helped enable six entrepreneurs to change their ideas into actual market solutions, the Intel India Maker Lab, the Atal Tinkering Laboratories, Academia engagements with 200+ engineering institutes and incubator centers, the set-up of 100 Internet of Things (IoT) centers across universities that promote IoT capacity building, design thinking, prototyping and fabrication, among other projects. (ANI) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Lenovo Yoga 900S review: Strike a pose Mike Lowe9 August 2016Laptops Pocket-lint 4.0 stars £1,099 For Slender and lightweight design looks great, quality finish and standout watchband hinge, decent trackpad and taut keyboard experience, good battery performance for its class Against Large bottom bezel looks strange, small shift key can be annoying, more expensive than its more powerful Yoga 900 brother, screen a tad too reflective Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Lenovo has been pushing its flexible-hinge Yoga series for some time, refining design and capability with each iteration. At the tail-end of 2015 we were impressed by the original Yoga 900, which combined Intel Core i processor power in a slender build to make for a decent, albeit pricey, laptop. With the introduction of the Yoga 900S, Lenovo has taken that design concept and wrapped it into a slimmer carbon fibre build, with slightly smaller 12.5-inch screen and fanless (and less powerful) Intel Core M processor. Perhaps confusingly, though, the 900S is slightly more expensive than its equivalent Yoga 900 brother. Is its considerable £1,099 price tag a step backwards, or is the 900S the hottest do-it-all laptop on the market? Lenovo Yoga 900S review: Design The Lenovo Yoga 900S is wonderfully slender and lightweight. It's a gram shy of a kilo and measures just 12.8mm at its thickest point. Thanks to that carbon fibre build it's the lightest laptop we've used for some time - the 350g it sheds compared to our go-to MacBook Air 13-inch might not sound like much, but it's highly apparent in day-to-day use, especially as we're so often out and about. Pocket-lint Key to the 900S's design is its 360-degree-capable "watchband hinge" - which means the device can be freely positioned in laptop, tablet, tent or stand positions (or anything in-between) - that looks like a stainless steel watch strap running the length of the join between keyboard and screen. It's fancy looking and made of a jaw-dropping 813 pieces, which is quite the engineering feat. Whereas the original Yoga 900 came in look-at-me champagne gold or orange exterior finishes, the 900S's silver or champagne options are a little more subtle. The silver finish of our review model means the hinge matches the exterior shell's finish, rather than standing out like an eye-catching piece of jewellery. It looks great and feels high quality. The presence of that hinge does beg the obvious question, though: do you really need a flip-around laptop design? Being able to position the 900S into its tablet position has its benefits, but it's not as slim as a standard tablet, while the tent and stand positions are fun but not something we've found ourselves using often. Pocket-lint The design also inherits some oddities. The massive lower bezel around the screen just looks, well, odd. And with Lenovo itself making slimmer-bezel devices - not to mention competitors like Dell with its near-edge-to-edge screens - the amount of black edges seems like a hangover of the design template rather than a necessity. It's not exactly unsightly, though. Lenovo Yoga 900S review: Connections There's a good array of connections from a device so thin, too. Two USB 3.0 ports - one of which doubles-up as the charger - accompany a USB Type-C port for a bit of aded future-proofing, plus the usual 3.5mm headphone jack. The only notable loss compared to the original Yoga 900 is the 900S's lack of an SD card slot. And, ok, there's still no HDMI output either. Pocket-lint A Microsoft Surface Pro 4 offers just one full-size USB port, so the Lenovo has the upper hand here. And while we like the potential of Type-C USB, devices such as the 12-inch MacBook that rely on it as the only port have got a little ahead of themselves. Lenovo Yoga 900S review: Typing & trackpad Open up and the 900S's internal construction is a little unusual too. The inner keyboard has a leather-like finish that is far nicer to rest wrists on that the typical soft-touch plastic that most laptops offer. The lip rolls off too, in a smooth finish, that ensures no "cutting" sensation on resting wrists. The keyboard arrangement is full-size, with some nifty shortcut keys across the F-keys top row. It's comfortable to type, with the reach and spacing feeling spot on. The keys are rather taut, though, with a limited press that feels a little lighter than what we're used to. That's worth it for a little less sound, though, as the 900S doesn't exhibit the same clickety clack of some keyboards. Pocket-lint Like several small laptops, the shift and backspace keys have been filed away and turned into nubs of their former selves (the right-hand one, in particular, is lost among the directional arrows; the left merges with the backslash key to retain full size - but we can't work out how to combine the two to make them function as only one). You'll get used to this style in the end, but we prefer the elongated keys. It's half-way there with the But at least you get a keyboard backlight to ensure typing in dim light is easy. Oh, and the keys' colour matches your colour finish - so silver in this instance, but champagne gold if that's the model you buy. As for the trackpad, we rather like the smooth sunken pad, which is surrounded by a chamfered silver edge. It's got a tactile quality that can cause a bit too much finger friction on occasion, but it's rarely a problem. We've found the responsiveness perfectly fine - which isn't something we found with the earlier Yoga 900 model. Lenovo Yoga 900S review: Display In this 12.5-inch form, the 900S takes a slight resolution cut compared to the original 900. But you won't exactly notice: its 2560 x 1440 pixel IPS LCD panel packs in plenty of pixels for a greater-than-HD resolution. It's as much detail as you'll need, with a density that's only a tiny bit behind, say, the MacBook Pro or Microsoft Surface. Pocket-lint But there are some issues. The 900S's screen is a touch reflective, which is among its biggest issues. As we mentioned before the epic lower bezel arrangement is also rather odd looking. It's as though this laptop could be smaller yet. We've not found the same over-sharpened appearance from this laptop as with the original 900, though, which is good news (it is a different panel, after all). In addition to the screen being used to look at things, it's also touch-sensitive and very responsive indeed. And with Lenovo's WriteIt software installed you can even scrawl on open pages, taking annotated screen grabs without the need for an additional stylus. An interesting little software feature, especially given the rise in 2-in-1 laptop replacements of late. Although this solution is nothing near to Microsoft's stylus-based solution with the Surface Pro. Lenovo Yoga 900S review: Performance & battery From the off it's clear the 900S isn't going to be as powerful as the original Yoga 900. That's down to Intel Core M. But the obvious benefit of Core M is that it's silent thanks to no fan, and therefore lower in terms of power consumption. And most users aren't going to notice a big difference. Pitch it against a more powerful system running a game on Steam and it will obviously be lower frame-rate and/or resolution on the Core M device. But that's not the exact target audience of this laptop. And we've been batch processing images via Photoshop quite happily. Again, not as fast as we can on a beefier setup, but that's to be expected. Pocket-lint The big issue, really, is that the Yoga 900, packing its Intel Core i7 processor and 8GB RAM, is actually cheaper than the 900S. That doesn't make loads of sense. It's a little bigger and heavier too, but there's an SD card port and the battery life roughly matches despite the more powerful innards. Speaking of which, the Yoga 900S lasts out surprisingly well. We've been testing a variety of 2-in-1 competitor devices lately - from Huawei MateBook and Acer Switch Alpha 12 to Microsoft Surface Pro - and their battery life is always under the 7-hour mark. Not so the 900S, which we've been getting around 7.5-hours of use from per charge, doing all those day-to-day normal tasks. Dim the screen just to watch video playback with airplane mode on and it'll last even longer. Verdict At first glance we thought we would prefer the Yoga 900S over its slightly larger and more powerful Yoga 900 brother. On one hand, we do: that sub-1kg weight and 12.5-inch form factor is great. On the other hand, we don't: it's less powerful, yet costs more. Which would make use lean towards the standard Yoga 900. Taken on its own merit, however, and it's easy to heap praise on the Yoga 900S. As laptop design goes, it's up there with the best. It's ultra-portable and practical, with ample battery life, silent operation and performance that, while it won't blow anyone away, is sufficient. The sticking point is the price and how it sits in among some equally strong competition, such as the Surface Pro 4. Sections Lenovo Tablets Laptops 5 best laptops for Windows 10: The best available to buy today Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy... Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Dell XPS 15 (2016) review: Pursuing perfection Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Google is bringing Android apps to four more Chromebook models MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Amazing Black Friday deal: Grab an Amazon Fire tablet for just £30, Fire TV Stick just £25 Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? Samsung KS8000 SUHD TV review: Hitting the 4K HDR sweet spot Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Which iPhone is best for you? iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, iPhone 6S Plus or iPhone 7 Plus? Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Amazon Echo: What can Alexa do and what services are compatible? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Mail Today US Elections Digital India Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News India facbook twitter googlepluse Bengaluru: With Intel defaulting on property tax, city sends overflowing garbage trucks to block its gates This is part of a special drive to collect property tax due from big commercial complexes who default on paying taxes. Rohini Swamy  | Posted by Ashna Kumar  Follow @Rohini_Swamy   rohini.swamy@aajtak.com Bengaluru, August 9, 2016 | UPDATED 11:57 IST A +A - Intel defaulted tax payment between 2007 and 2008 to the tune of Rs 34 crores. Photo credit: Reuters Highlights 1 Intel company has defaulted on tax of Rs 34 crore. 2 The Mahanagar Palika moved High Court, who directed Intel to pay Rs 17 crore. 3 Intel has asked for four months to clear dues. Pay up your property taxes or face the stink! That is the warning that has been given by the Bruhar Bengaluru Mahanagar Palike (BBMP) to the IT giant Intel. This is part of the special drive to collect property tax due from big commercial complexes who default on paying taxes. GARBAGE ON DOOR When the employees of Intel reached their offices, they were shocked to see a line of garbage trucks filled with waste standing at their doorstep. The BBMP officials had blocked the gates of the IT major. The civic body has been cracking the whip on several tax defaulters and had moved the high court too. DEFAULTED ON PAYMENT OF RS 34 CRORE The BBMP said that the standing committee on taxation and finance had found that the company had defaulted tax payment between 2007 and 2008 to the tune of  Rs 34 crores. Intel did challenge this in court. Repeated notices to Intel were not taken seriously and finally the BBMP with the help of valid documentation managed to convince the court how Intel defaulted. The court directed the IT giant to cough up Rs 17 crores which is half the amount that the company owes as an interim measure by July 25. Since several warning were ignored, the BBMP decided to land with garbage trucks at Intel's doors forcing the company to make an assurance that they would pay it up soon. INTEL HAS FOUR MONTHS The Joint Commissioner of the Mahadevapura zone, BBMP Muniveerappa said that the company had been calculating its taxes on the basis that it was not an air conditioned office, but the reality was that it was centrally air conditioned. Further he said, 'Intel had assessed their building at Rs 2 per sqft for parking areas and Rs 4 per sqft for others areas but the BBMP has contested his stating that since the company was centrally air conditioned and so the calculations should have been made as Rs 4 per sqft for parking spaces and Rs 8 per sqft for others areas. Recently, the BBMP won a case against Manyata tech park and is on a major driver to collect the Rs 350 crores that is due in terms of property taxes from 73 commercial enterprises. The Chairperson of the BBMP standing Committee for Taxation and Finance, M Shivaraju said that they released a sample of 10 defaulters after conducting a survey. 'We will soon begin process of issuing notices and then when the notice period is over we will be taking steps like seizure and foreclosure until the money is deposited,' he said. Intel has moved court and have sought time of four weeks to pay their dues. Earlier too, BBMP had resorted to innovative measures as part of their drive against tax defaulters. In 2013, when Wipro defaulted paying Rs 19.28 crores to the civic body, the palike officials arrived with a team of hired drum-beaters who stood under the Wipro signboards and drummed away leaving the officials of Wipro red faced.   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Property tax# Bengaluru# Intel# BBMP# Wipro   Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Intel Data Center HPC Hot iron: Knights Landing hits 100 gigaflops in plasma physics benchmark Russian physicists give Chipzilla's HPC star the elephant stamp 9 Aug 2016 at 05:03, Richard Chirgwin Richard Chirgwin Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics NBN, Privacy, Security , Science, Google Recent Articles Running a DNSSec responder? Make sure it doesn't help the black hats Xeon Phight! Phight! Phight! Nvidia says Intel cheated benchmarks Blackberry beats the vendors it trails, finishes Quadrooter patches Russian researchers working with an Intel supercomputer have put its Knights Landing hardware through its paces, and are pleased with what they've found. The boffins reckon the many-cored hot rod more than doubled their plasma simulation performance with nothing more than a simple recompile. Here's what they had to say at Arxiv: A straightforward rebuilding of the code yields a 2.43 x speedup compared to the previous Knights Corner generation. Further code optimization results in an additional 1.89 x speedup. The researchers explain that they chose a particular plasma simulation, “particle in cell” because it's a well-studied problem on many-core architectures. The tests ran on a node of the Endeavor supercomputer, which let the boffins run the code on Intel 14-core Haswell processors (Xeon E5-2697 v3 at 2.6 GHz with 36 MB cache), Knights Corner (Phi 7120 with 61 cores, 1.2 GHz, and 30.5 MB cache), and Knights Landing running in quadrant cluster mode (Phi 7250 with 68 cores, 1.4 GHz, and 16 GB MCDRAM). The researchers used their own plasma simulation code, called PICADOR, with help from Intel's Zakhar Matveev. For HPC-and-plasma-physics nerds, the config used for the benchmark was a frozen plasma problem in 40 x 40 x 40 grid with 50 particles per cell, over 1,000 time steps. This, they write, provides a good baseline because it can be solved on a single CPU. Apart from the headline results, the benchmark produced interesting side-results. For example, the performance boost maxed out when the code ran on eight processes, 34 OpenMP threads per process: “further increasing the number of processes results in performance degradation”. Overall, the paper says, Intel's Knights Landing was able to run suitably optimised PICADOR code at a not-too-shabby 100 gigaflops. The full paper is at Arxiv. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 8 Comments More from The Register Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good All is well, rejoice, rejoice, let's get into the white 'n' fluffy Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 No sign of GPUs though 3 Comments Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight HPE core servers and storage under pressure NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Home Probe into derailment of Indore-Patna Express begins Mamata targets Modi, to hit Delhi streets against demonetisation Growth versus environment? RBI sets still riders for Rs. 2.5 lakh withdrawal for weddings Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News National Oppn forces RS to adjourn multiple times over demonetisation Opposition to continue offensive over demonetisation Probe into derailment of Indore-Patna Express begins Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International India, China reiterate call to maintain border peace Mother Teresa award for Dhaka cafe attack victim South Asia   | World    South Asia   | World    Opinion The age of post-truth politics Quick fixes for deep-rooted issues We need a win-win situation for fishermen on both sides: Samaraweera Growth versus environment? Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business Give tax breaks for digital payments, says Niti Aayog Equities erase all of 2016 gains RBI sets still riders for Rs. 2.5 lakh withdrawal for weddings Agri-Business   | Budget   | Industry   | Economy   | Markets   | Stock Quotes    Sport Shastri sees no threat to India’s top ranking Take out Virat’s runs, we had put India under pressure: Cook Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kozhikode Kolkata Madurai Mangaluru Mumbai Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Cities » Bengaluru Bengaluru, August 9, 2016 Updated: August 9, 2016 08:30 IST BBMP sends garbage trucks to Intel seeking tax dues Staff Reporter Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet Garbage-laden trucks parked outside Intel Technology India Pvt. Ltd in Bellandur. Officials threaten to dump garbage inside if firm does not pay up Employees of multinational firm Intel Technology India Pvt. Ltd., who turned up at office on Monday morning, were welcomed by garbage-filled trucks with a foul smell emanating from them. As part of a special drive to collect property tax dues from big commercial properties across the city, officials from Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) blocked the gates of the firm’s premises in Bellandur with four garbage-laden trucks. Sources said officials even threatened to dump the garbage inside if the firm did not pay up property tax dues to the civic body, a technique now employed by the civic body to coax big defaulters to pay up. Written undertaking “The standoff was resolved and the garbage trucks were taken back after Intel authorities gave a written undertaking that they would pay half of the dues claimed by BBMP, by August 28, as per an interim order of Karnataka High Court,” said Muniveerappa, Joint Commissioner, Mahadevapura zone, BBMP, who led the drive. The dispute dates back to 2009-2010, when BBMP and Intel Technology India Pvt. Ltd disagreed on the latter’s self-assessment over the tax amount. “Intel had assessed their building under Category 14 for industries, where property tax for parking space is Rs. 2 per sqft, and other areas as Rs. 4 per sqft. However, we have been contending that the premises come under the Central AC category, where property tax for parking space is Rs. 4 and other areas is Rs. 8 per sqft. We have now issued a tax demand notice for the difference that works up to Rs. 31 crore,” Muniveerappa explained. Karnataka High Court recently directed Intel authorities to deposit half of the dues demanded by BBMP, as an interim measure, for which Intel had sought some time, which was granted by the High Court, said BBMP officials. An Intel spokesperson told The Hindu that they could not comment on the matter as the issue was sub judice , and only added that the company would abide by the interim order of the High Court. More In: Bengaluru Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Most Popular Most Commented Long lines outside banks, post offices Three Green Line metro stations to be ready by December Mangaluru 13 areas cleaned as part of ‘Clean Mangaluru’ drive Yettinahole project not a solution to water crisis: IISc. scientist ‘Works of women need to be recognised’ Soon, you can WhatsApp police when you are leaving your house locked Currency crunch hits farmers, labourers Karnataka One poacher dies as forest officials open fire CM hops to Gokak in copter HC refuses to quash chargesheet against Bhaskar Rao Sugarcane growers likely to get higher prices: Minister Boy kidnapped, rescued within 28 hours in Kalaburagi ‘Take back Ashraya houses from ineligible persons’ Today's Paper ePaper This Day That Age Crossword Archive Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in Bengaluru The Hindu Group’s advertising expo from November 28 The Hindu Group’s advertising expo — Pressense— which provides marketing data and information on the Karnataka marketplace to... » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube ITeS Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories You are here: ET Home›Tech›ITeS 04:05 PM | 23 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,05291.03 NIFTY 50 8,03331.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,812-327.00 USD/INR 68.560.31 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 91 points higher, Nifty50 at 8,033 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Intel to pay Rs 16.5 crore property tax in Bengaluru By IANS | Updated: Aug 08, 2016, 11.43 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » property tax | product | Intel | India BBMP and Intel India subsidiary, however, did not share details of the notice served, when the latter challenged it in the High Court and the interim order was given to pay 50 per cent of the tax plus arrears. BENGALURU: Global chip maker Intel would pay Rs 16.5 crore by August 28, as directed by the Karnataka High Court, to the city's civic corporation towards property tax arrears, an official said on Monday. "Intel India gave in writing that it would abide by the High Court order to pay 50 per cent of the Rs 34 crore it owes to us by August 28," Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) spokesman S.S. Khandre told IANS here. Confirming the development, an Intel India spokesman said the company would comply with the court's interim order, which it obtained on challenging the BBMP notice but declined to elaborate, as the issue was sub-judice. "Though Intel India paid property tax partly on its campus as per its estimates under the self-assessment scheme, we served a notice to it, conveying that as per our calculations, it has to pay Rs 34-crore property tax, including arrears for the land it acquired and had built its product development office," Khandre recalled. BBMP and Intel India subsidiary, however, did not share details of the notice served, when the latter challenged it in the High Court and the interim order was given to pay 50 per cent of the tax plus arrears. "Our Mahadevapura joint commissioner Muni Veerapppa went to Intel office earlier in the day to collect the amount as per the court order, which said it (amount) should be paid by, and not on, August 28," Khandre pointed out. The corporation also threatened to dump truck loads of garbage in the company's campus, located in the city's eastern suburb on the outer ring road, if it did not rpt not pay the amount by August 28, to expose it as a property tax defaulter. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Be a winner every day with Royal! Royal Brand Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Colombia Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump is 'just the president', says Edward Snowden Corporate & Industry Single-door refrigerator cost likely to shoot up by Rs 4,000 From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Premium homes in Bangalore’s prime location Godrej Properties The route NRIs take to profit via real estate Smartowner Monica Lewinsky Reveals Who She Voted For, And It's Not Wh.. Tomorrowoman Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health Swiss Banks to share info on Indian A/C holders Arsenal seek win to kick costly runners-up habit First Hindu Congresswoman, a Democrat, meets Donald Trump Demonetisation, a blunder in every imaginable way READ MORE ON » property tax | product | Intel | India Follow this section for latest news on ITeS EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Intel to pay Rs 16.5 cr property tax in Bengaluru IANS | Bengaluru Aug 08, 2016 07:44 PM IST Global chip maker Intel would pay Rs 16.5 crore by August 28, as directed by the Karnataka High Court, to the city's civic corporation towards property tax arrears, an official said on Monday. "Intel India gave in writing that it would abide by the High Court order to pay 50 per cent of the Rs 34 crore it owes to us by August 28," Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) spokesman S.S. Khandre told IANS here. Confirming the development, an Intel India spokesman said the company would comply with the court's interim order, which it obtained on challenging the BBMP notice but declined to elaborate, as the issue was sub-judice. "Though Intel India paid property tax partly on its campus as per its estimates under the self-assessment scheme, we served a notice to it, conveying that as per our calculations, it has to pay Rs 34-crore property tax, including arrears for the land it acquired and had built its product development office," Khandre recalled. BBMP and Intel India subsidiary, however, did not share details of the notice served, when the latter challenged it in the High Court and the interim order was given to pay 50 per cent of the tax plus arrears. "Our Mahadevapura joint commissioner Muni Veerapppa went to Intel office earlier in the day to collect the amount as per the court order, which said it (amount) should be paid by, and not on, August 28," Khandre pointed out. The corporation also threatened to dump truck loads of garbage in the company's campus, located in the city's eastern suburb on the outer ring road, if it did pay the amount by August 28, to expose it as a property tax defaulter. --IANS fb/rn/dg Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Marion Cotillard was only choice for 'Allied' Casting SRK is the demand of the role: Aanand L. Rai Eiffel Tower's stairway section sold for half million euros Government approves new 62 Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Congress panel on Punjab polls duscusses candidate selection [ more ] Top Stories Gold loses most liquid asset status Currency in circulation dips 20% in week ended Nov 18 Jan Dhan accounts see spurt in money flow after demonetisation Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story [ more ] Markets Gold loses most liquid asset status Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Intervention brakes rupee near record as $2.8 bn flees Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story [ more ] Companies Domestic stent maker SMT fights perception with new trial Airtel Payments Bank goes live with pilot project in Rajasthan Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Bagging the account Not just Tesco, Auchan, Walmart, even Biyani & Reliance keen on food FDI: Harsimrat Kaur Badal Gold loses most liquid asset status Bureaucratic reshuffle: 19 new secretaries appointed Warming to cashless delivery [ more ] Today's Paper Domestic stent maker SMT fights perception with new trial Airtel Payments Bank goes live with pilot project in Rajasthan Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGp75j Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu + Linux 4.7 + Mesa 12.1 Intel OpenGL Tests Written by Michael Larabel in Operating Systems on 8 August 2016. Page 1 of 4. 30 Comments With Microsoft having recently released the Windows 10 Anniversary update I've been running some fresh Windows vs. Linux performance comparisons. The first of these comparisons for your viewing pleasure is looking at the latest Windows 10 build with the latest Intel driver compared to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS while also comparing the performance when manually upgrading to the Linux 4.7 kernel and Mesa 12.1-dev for delivering the latest OpenGL performance potential. The same Core i5 6600K "Skylake" system with Intel HD Graphics 530 was used for testing both under Windows and Ubuntu Linux. The Windows 10 Pro x64 Anniversary Update with all other available system updates as of 6 August was used for testing. The latest 20.19.15.4463 driver was used as of testing time. The Intel Windows driver currently exposes OpenGL 4.4 and OpenCL 2.0 (along with DirectX 12.0). Under Ubuntu 16.04 LTS first the same OpenGL game tests were run with the default stack: Linux 4.4 and Mesa 11.2. Following that the system was manually upgraded to the Linux 4.7.0 mainline kernel and Mesa 12.1-dev Git as of 7 August from the Oibaf PPA. With Mesa 12.1 Git, the Intel driver is finally exposing OpenGL 4.4 for Broadwell and newer while they are quite close to OpenGL 4.5 once finishing up some conformance issues. Under OpenCL, via Beignet they currently have OpenCL 1.2 support for Intel on Linux while there is a branch containing OpenCL 2.0 support but it doesn't appear that it will be in released form anytime soon. All of the benchmarks under Windows 10 and Ubuntu Linux were carried out in a fully-automated manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. Additionally, at the end of the article are some additional Windows vs. Linux gaming benchmarks that were run manually for there not being full and appropriate automation support within those games like F1 2015, Shadow of Mordor, and Tomb Raider. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - Windows 10 vs. LinuxPage 3 - Windows 10 vs. LinuxPage 4 - Windows 10 vs. Linux Page: 1234Next Page 30 Comments Related Articles Fedora 25 Turned Out Great, Definitely My Most Favorite Fedora Release Ubuntu 16.10 Desktop Gaming Benchmarks: Unity, GNOME, Xfce, LXDE, KDE, Openbox, MATE Clear Linux Continues To Maintain Slight Graphics Lead Over Ubuntu 16.10 FreeBSD 11.0 Comes Up Short In Ubuntu 16.04 vs. macOS Sierra Benchmarks macOS 10.12 Sierra vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Linux Benchmarking Trending Linux News Early Independent Benchmarks Of The MuQSS Scheduler GLobjects 1.0.0 Released For OpenGL Aide RadeonSI Patches For Compiling Optimized Shader Variants Asynchronously Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Fedora 25 Officially Released & I Highly Recommend It Latest Linux News OpenCL Remains One Of AMDGPU-PRO's Main Advantages, Can't Wait For It To Be Open RADV Vulkan Driver Patch For Initial PRIME Support It's Time For The Annual Thanksgiving Event To Support Our Linux Testing, Benchmarking Intel's Recent Noteworthy Vulkan Patches Hit Mainline Mesa GNOME 3.23.2 Released With More Work Towards GNOME 3.24 Fedora 25 Officially Released & I Highly Recommend It Total War: WARHAMMER Released For Linux Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Cull & Clip Distance Support OpenCL Image Support For Gallium3D's Clover RadeonSI Patches For Compiling Optimized Shader Variants Asynchronously Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU-PRO vs. NVIDIA On Linux With OpenGL & Vulkan OpenSUSE Leap 42.1 vs. Leap 42.2 vs. Tumbleweed Benchmarks Total War: WARHAMMER - AMD RadeonSI Linux Performance Total War: WARHAMMER NVIDIA Linux Benchmarks Fedora 25 Turned Out Great, Definitely My Most Favorite Fedora Release Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel SSDs Storage Smartphones Mobile GPUs Samsung NVIDIA CPUs Home> CPUs The Skylake Core i3 (51W) CPU Review: i3-6320, i3-6300 and i3-6100 Tested by Ian Cutress on August 8, 2016 9:00 AM EST Posted in CPUs Intel Core i3 Skylake 6320 6300 6100 91 Comments | Add A Comment 91 Comments + Add A Comment Skylake Core i3 (51W) Review Test Bed and Setup Benchmark Overview Performance Comparison: Real World Performance Comparison: Office Performance Comparison: Linux Performance Comparison: Legacy Gaming Comparison: Alien Isolation Gaming Comparison: Total War: Attila Gaming Comparison: Grand Theft Auto Gaming Comparison: Grid Autosport Gaming Comparison: Shadow of Mordor The Skylake Core i3 (51W) Review: Conclusion Out of every generation of Intel processors, the headline acts are the high core count parts, the ones with a high-frequency or the most expensive models. Of course, any manufacturer that has a high performing halo product will want that story out of the door on day one, but for typical user sales, it is the mid-range that is more relevant. The Intel Core i3 line comes without any Turbo, offering a flat frequency at load, and is synonymous with dual-core configurations with hyperthreading. In this review, we test three of the Core i3 processors, the i3-6100, the  i3-6300  and i3-6320, all of which are set at a 51W thermal design power. The Skylake Core i3 (51W) Review Intel’s mainstream desktop processor line, using the latest Skylake microarchitecture, currently sits at 30 different socketable processors. Most of these are available for purchase for system builds, although some of the lower power/specialized parts will be found in OEM systems only or select customers. These processors are subdivided into five ‘families’, with broad ranging feature sets designed to increase as we move through the stack. Intel's Mainstream Consumer Skylake Product Segments   Core i7 Core i5 Core i3 Pentium Celeron TDP Options 35W 65W 91W 35W 65W 91W 35W 51W 54W 35W 51W 54W 35W 51W Price $303 to $339 $182 to $242 $117 to $158 $64 to $85 $42 to $52 Cores 4 4 2 2 2 Hyperthreading Yes No Yes No No L3 Cache 8 MB 6 MB 4MB: 62/63 3MB: 61/60 3 MB 2 MB Base Freq 2.4-4.0 GHz 2.2-3.5 GHz 2.7-3.9 GHz 3.4-3.6 GHz 2.3-2.9 GHz Turbo Freq 3.4-4.2 GHz 2.9-3.9 GHz - - - DRAM Support DDR4-2133 DDR3L-1600 ECC No No Yes Yes Yes IGP HD 530 All All but P All but P G45 - HD 510 - 6402P 6098P G44 All AVX Yes Yes Yes No No TSX Yes Yes on 65/66 No on 64 No No No SGX Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes MPX Yes Yes Yes No No The Core i3 line sits in the middle, with two cores and hyperthreading enabled. There are three variants of Core i3 processor: the regular non-lettered models at 51W (e.g. i3-6300), the low power models at 35W (i3-6100T, i3-6100TE) and a single downgraded graphics SKU at 54W (i3-6098P). The Core i3 processors are the lowest specification of the range to enable AVX 2.0, indicating that AVX is a ‘Core’ feature, over a Pentium or Celeron. Similarly, MPX (Memory Protection Extensions) is only on Core i3 and up. By contrast, transactional extensions are not on the Core i3 models, and are only available on Core i5 and above. What makes the i3 line a little different to most is the L3 cache variation within the family. Typically the more cache a processor has (or the higher associativity of the cache), and the more cache that a processor has at lower levels, the less important the speed of higher cache/memory levels become. Low levels of cache are typically expensive SRAMs that also take up die area that might be better suited for lower latency logic, hence why we have a tiered cache system rather than just gigabytes of L1 cache. Core i3 processors either come with 3 MB or 4 MB of L3 cache. This will mean that, as a general rule of thumb, the processors with 4 MB will have to access main memory fewer times, and can hold more data closer to the core logic. This keeps the processors working as much as possible, and should afford obvious benefits in benchmarks where the data cannot fit as easily into cache. Processors with names that start i3-63xx will have 4MB of L3 cache, whereas the i3-61xx variants only have 3MB, except the Core i3-6100TE which has 4 MB. As confusing as that is, here’s a full table of every LGA1151 socketable Skylake processor released/announced: Intel's Skylake LGA1151 CPUs CPUs in Bold have been Tested (some not written up, yet)   C/T L3 Base Turbo HD HD Turbo TDP MSRP (OEM) Core i7-6700K 4/8 8 MB 4.0 4.2 530 1150 91W $339 Core i7-6700 4/8 8 MB 3.4 4.0 530 1150 65W $303 Core i7-6700T 4/8 8 MB 2.8 3.6 530 1100 35W $303 Core i7-6700TE 4/8 8 MB 2.4 3.4 530 1000 35W $303                   Core i5-6600K 4/4 6 MB 3.5 3.9 530 1150 91W $242 Core i5-6600 4/4 6 MB 3.3 3.9 530 1150 65W $213 Core i5-6500 4/4 6 MB 3.2 3.6 530 1050 65W $192 Core i5-6400 4/4 6 MB 2.7 3.3 530 950 65W $182 Core i5-6600T 4/4 6 MB 2.7 3.5 530 1100 35W $213 Core i5-6500T 4/4 6 MB 2.5 3.1 530 1100 35W $192 Core i5-6400T 4/4 6 MB 2.2 2.8 530 950 35W $192 Core i5-6500TE 4/4 6 MB 2.3 3.3 530 1000 35W $192 Core i5-6402P 4/4 6 MB 2.8 3.4 510 950 65W $182                   Core i3-6320 2/4 4 MB 3.9 - 530 1150 51W $149 Core i3-6300 2/4 4 MB 3.8 - 530 1150 51W $138 Core i3-6100 2/4 3 MB 3.7 - 530 1050 51W $117 Core i3-6300T 2/4 4 MB 3.3 - 530 950 35W $138 Core i3-6100T 2/4 3 MB 3.2 - 530 950 35W $117 Core i3-6100TE 2/4 4 MB 2.7 - 530 1000 35W $117 Core i3-6098P 2/4 3 MB 3.6 - 510 1050 54W $117                   Pentium G4520 2/2 3 MB 3.6 - 530 1050 51W $85 Pentium G4500 2/2 3 MB 3.5 - 530 1050 51W $75 Pentium G4400 2/2 3 MB 3.3 - 510 1000 54W $64 Pentium G4500T 2/2 3 MB 3.0 - 530 950 35W $75 Pentium G4400T 2/2 3 MB 2.9 - 510 950 35W $64 Pentium G4500TE 2/2 3 MB 2.4 - 510 950 35W $70                   Celeron G3920 2/2 2 MB 2.9 - 510 950 51W $52 Celeron G3900 2/2 2 MB 2.8 - 510 950 51W $42 Celeron G3900T 2/2 2 MB 2.6 - 510 950 35W - Celeron G3900TE 2/2 2 MB 2.3 - 510 950 35W $42 Originally Turbo mode was introduced in order to be able to push the frequency of a single core (or two) when the software only uses a small number of threads. This allows for extra performance while still keeping within the TDP of the processor. The Core i3 processors do not have a turbo mode by design: when any of the possible threads are in action, the processor will run the cores at the rated base frequency on the box. This should allow for more repeatable results in benchmarks, as long as background tasks do not interfere with the CPU time of a small number of cores. The pricing of the Skylake processors is such that moving up from a lower family to a higher family is a sufficient jump in price, and there is no overlap. Moving from a Core i3 to a Core i5 for example, is a minimum $23 (from $158 for a boxed i3-6320 to $182 for the i5-6400) for more cache and more physical cores, albeit with the same number of threads and lower core frequencies. Core i3-6100TE vs Core i3-6100 Looking at the rear of the processors, the lower power Core i3-6100TE, compared to the others (6100/6300/6320 are all the same), has extra capacitors and transistors on the bottom which presumably assist with lower power operation. As the i3-6100TE has a lower frequency to assist with power consumption, the extra components may help shift the efficiency of the processor to nearer the 35W mode. The T/TE variants are typically slightly more expensive than the standard versions, and part of this may be from the additional hardware required. Competition and Market One could argue that the Core i3 line is aimed at bulk system production where fast response times are important but high compute functions such as video editing are not. The Core i3 is often earmarked as a processor for entry level gaming, providing enough horsepower to drive medium graphics cards at reasonable resolutions without being a bottleneck. This becomes important if more game development engines and studios adapt their programming models to go beyond 2-4 threads or cores. Users coming into the Core i3 arena may be updating from an older machine, or looking at a fixed budget and trying to get bang-for-buck. Going back to entry level gaming and sub-$800 systems, users will pull out the Core i3 as an example. What will be interesting here is to see if that L3 cache difference between the Core i3-6100 and Core i3-6300 will be significant. On the other side of the x86 fence is AMD’s A10-7000 and FX-8000 processor lines. As the Core i3 processors are available for $117-$158, this fits in with the several AMD options. Some of the AMD options have the recently released and updated AMD CPU cooler, which we reviewed recently in a stock cooler roundup. Based on our extensive testing, this 'free' cooler adds value to the AMD offerings, which is not always apparent in benchmark data or when comparing price for performance. From AMD’s dual-module APUs with superior integrated graphics: - A10-7860K at $117, free $30 CPU cooler, - A10-7890K at $165, free $30 CPU cooler And AMD’s slightly older FX line with either six or eight threads, but no IGP: - FX-8350 at $199 (launch price) - FX-8320E at $147 - FX-6350 at $132 Putting these together gives the following table: CPU Competition at $115-$150   Intel Core i3 AMD A10 AMD FX i3-6100 i3-6300 i3-6320 A10 7860K A10 7890K FX 6350 FX 8320E TDP 51W 51W 51W 65W 95W 125W 95W Cores/Modules 2 2 2 2 2 3 4 Threads 4 4 4 4 4 6 8 Base Freq 3700 3800 3900 3600 4100 3900 3200 Turbo Freq - - - 4000 4300 4200 4000 IGP HD 530 HD 530 HD 530 R7-512 R7-512 - - IGP GFLOPs 403.2 441.6 441.6 900.0 1029.6 - - DRAM DDR4-2133 DDR4-2133 DDR4-2133 DDR3-2133 DDR3-2133 DDR3-1866 DDR3-1866 Released Sep '15 Sep '15 Sep '15 Feb '16 Mar '16 Oct '12 Sep '14 Price (box) $117 $147 $158 $117 $165 $132 $147 The FX parts, with more threads, have the deficit of being substantially older parts based on AMD’s Steamroller microarchitecture, while all the AMD parts suffer in terms of power consumption. However, for the extra TDP, there’s an uptick in integrated graphics for the APUs. Also, the AMD parts suffer a noticeable single thread performance deficit, so it will be interesting to see how this plays out on our benchmark suite. As part of a series of reviews this quarter, we have recently retested a small number of FX processors, as well as the newer A10 processors. The data for these is available in our benchmark database, Bench. CPUs in this Review For this review we have tested the Core i3-6100, Core i3-6300 and Core i3-6320 processors from Intel. This builds on our review of the Core i3-6100TE, where we explored overclocking on Core i3. As was apparent in that review, trying to get a motherboard with an older microcode to allow overclocking on a Core i3 is somewhat difficult, and results were not over the moon, so we won’t be producing overclocking numbers for these parts here (and I might have broken the OC motherboard accidentally trying some out-of-the-box thinking). Intel Core i3-6320 Intel Core i3-6300 Intel Core i3-6100 (with lower L3 Cache) Nonetheless, the landscape for Core i3 should be very interesting. We put these CPUs through our long-form CPU 2015 tests, including our Real World, Office and Professional tests, while the 2016 suite is still being built. The CPUs were also used with five high-caliber gaming titles, with low, mid and high-end GPUs. We then end with the final countdown analysis. Any of the links below will jump straight to the respective page. Pages In This Review Skylake Core i3 (51W) Analysis Test Bed and Setup Benchmark Overview Stock Comparison: Real World Stock Comparison: Office Stock Comparison: Linux Stock Comparison: Legacy Gaming Comparison: Alien Isolation Gaming Comparison: Total War: Attila Gaming Comparison: Grand Theft Auto Gaming Comparison: Grid Autosport Gaming Comparison: Shadow of Mordor Conclusions and Final Words Test Bed and Setup Skylake Core i3 (51W) Review Test Bed and Setup Benchmark Overview Performance Comparison: Real World Performance Comparison: Office Performance Comparison: Linux Performance Comparison: Legacy Gaming Comparison: Alien Isolation Gaming Comparison: Total War: Attila Gaming Comparison: Grand Theft Auto Gaming Comparison: Grid Autosport Gaming Comparison: Shadow of Mordor The Skylake Core i3 (51W) Review: Conclusion Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 91 Comments View All Comments tipoo - Monday, August 08, 2016 - link Looks like even a Skylake i3 may be able to retire the venerable 2400/2500K, higher frame rates and better frame times at that. However a native quad does prevent larger dips. Reply Kevin G - Monday, August 08, 2016 - link I have a feeling much that is due to the higher base clock on the SkyLake i3 vs. the i5 2500K. Skylake's IPC improvements also help boost performance here too. The real challenge is if the i3 6320 can best the i5 2500k as the same 3.9 Ghz base clock speed. Sandy Bridge was a good overclocker so hitting those figures shouldn't be difficult at all. Reply tipoo - Monday, August 08, 2016 - link That's true, overclocked the difference would diminish. But you also get modernities like high clocked DDR4 in the switchover. At any rate, funny that a dual core i3 can now fluidly run just about everything, it's two cores are probably faster than the 8 in the current consoles. Reply Lolimaster - Monday, August 08, 2016 - link Benchrmarks don't tell you about the hiccups when playing with a dual core. Specially with things like Crysis 3 or even worse ROt Tomb Raider where you get like half the fps just by using a dual core bs a cheapo Athlon 860K. Reply gamerk2 - Monday, August 08, 2016 - link That's why Frame Times are also measured, which catches those hitches. Reply Samus - Tuesday, August 09, 2016 - link I had a lot of issues with my Sandy Bridge i3-2125 in Battlefield 3 circa 2011 with lag and poor minimum frame rates. After long discussions on the forums, it was determined disabling hyper threading actually improved frame rate consistency. So at least in the Sandy Bridge IPC, and probably dating back to Nehalem or even Prescott, Jackson Technology or whatever you want to call it, has a habit of stalling the pipeline if there are too many cache misses to complete the instruction. Obviously more cache resolves this, so the issue isn't as prominent on the i7's, and it would certainly explain why the 4MB i3's are more consistent performers than the 3MB variety. Of course the only way to prove if hyper threading is causing performance inconsistency is to disable it. It'd be a damn unique investigation for Anandtech to do a IPC improvement impact on it's affect on hyper-threading performance over the years, perhaps even dating back to the P4. Reply AndrewJacksonZA - Wednesday, August 10, 2016 - link HOW ON EARTH DID I MISS THIS?!?! Thank you for introducing me to Intel's tech known as "Jackson!" This is now *SO* on my "To Buy" list! Thank you Samus! :-D Reply bug77 - Monday, August 08, 2016 - link Neah, I went i5-2500k -> i5-6600k and there's no noticeable difference. The best part of the upgrade was those new I/O ports on the new motherboard, but it's a sad day when you upgrade after 4 years and the most you have to show is you new M2 or USB 3.1 ports (and USB 3.1 is only added through a 3rd party chip). Sure, if I bench it, the new i5 is faster, but since the old i5 wasn't exactly slow, I can't say that I see a significant improvement. Now, if you mean that instead of getting an i5-2500k one can now look at a Skylake i3, I'm not going to argue with you there. Though (money permitting) the boost speed might be nice to have anyway. Reply Cellar Door - Monday, August 08, 2016 - link This is a poorly educated comment: a) Your perceived speed might be limited by your storage b) You don't utilize your cpu's multitasking abilities fully(all cores) Reply Duckeenie - Monday, August 08, 2016 - link Why did you continue to post your comment if you believed you were making poorly educated points? Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News MSI Adds Low-Profile GeForce GTX 1050 Ti to Lineup Game Bundles: Get Civilization VI, Doom, Watch_Dogs 2 for Free with AMD, NVIDIA and Samsung Hardware Plextor Launches EX1 USB-C External SSD: Up to 550 MBps, 512 GB and LDPC Best CPUs: Holiday 2016 ADATA Launches the SD700 External SSD: Dust, Water and Shock Resistant (with 3D NAND) MSI Releases the 'VR One': A Backpack PC For VR From $1999 Best SSDs: Holiday 2016 NVIDIA Releases 375.86 WHQL Driver Update Fold Proteins for Charity & Help AnandTech Beat Tom’s Hardware: Starting December 1st Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Unboxing and Hands On Benchmarks Best Tablets: Holiday 2016 AMD Releases Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix TWEETS IanCutress: The new look at @ScanUKOfficial website is bad. More clicks to get to important areas, very bulky. (Aside, fewer Today Only deals as well.) IanCutress: G+ MIMO PCMCIA. Vintage. @belkin https://t.co/gSErVsRWDq IanCutress: My first ever MP3 player. 64MB internal memory, I had to write MP3 to CD and rerip to 60MB total to fit 20+ tracks… https://t.co/YysadNHZyR IanCutress: My pre-teen PC gaming, early 90s. Just found these in an old box. https://t.co/KLeKuIBlQo ganeshts: Snapchat Spectacles: The teardown https://t.co/qgbtLRHIcQ via @mashable ganeshts: @tmvn @RyanSmithAT Tom, the 'free' permit is only from members of the HEVC Adv. patent pool, right? What about MPEG-LA / other stakeholders? RyanSmithAT: @tmvn Excellent. Thanks for the clarification. Definitely a promising development then ganeshts: @RyanSmithAT @tmvn PR makes it look like a decent start to address HEVC license issues, but single patent pool is the elephant in the room RyanSmithAT: @futureofpeople Regrettably we won't be able to attend. But thank you for the heads up RyanSmithAT: @tmvn "where the HEVC [..] is fully executed in software on a general purpose CPU" So you'd have to pay to use an existing hardware decoder? RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte @chrisheinonen HDR is "free" from a processing POV. There's no reason not to use it if you have a good TV that doesn't add latency RyanSmithAT: @adityashah2011 @AIR82849708 The US does something kind of similar with magnetic ink IanCutress: @paulrteich It's been going on for about a month. I've had a dozen ganeshts: .@wimbet OP3T - price, and they know how to make proper use of screen real estate by providing option to NOT have on-screen nav. buttons ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Flex Logix Appoints Tony Kozaczuk as Director of Solutions Architecture Brings 20 years experience in systems architecture working for high-volume leaders such as Intel and Sun Microsystems News provided by Flex Logix Technologies, Inc. Aug 08, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., Aug. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Flex Logix Technologies, Inc., the leading developer of reconfigurable RTL IP cores and software, today announced that Tony Kozaczuk has been hired as the company's new director of solutions architecture.  As an experienced senior systems architect with an extensive history of defining and delivering industry leading volume computer products for multiple market segments, Kozaczuk will be responsible for leading the development of the Flex Logix architecture solutions for MCUs and SoCs. "As the momentum for our EFLX IP platform continues to grow, Tony's technical leadership will be critical given his experience driving successful programs at industry-leaders Intel and Sun," said Geoff Tate, CEO and co-founder of Flex Logix. "Customers clearly recognize the significant cost and time-to-market advantages of using reconfigurable RTL in chip designs, but many ask for application examples and assistance in modifying their architecture for optimum results.  We are excited to leverage Tony's skills as we continue expanding our technology platform into new markets." With more than 20 years experience as a senior systems architect, Kozaczuk has a proven track record of helping to bring high-volume products to market successfully. With extensive experience in SoC high-level, board level, systems integration and enclosures, Kozaczuk has been a technical leader and project manager of cross functional and cross geo teams for large, high-volume publicly-held companies. Prior to joining Flex Logix, Kozaczuk spent 10 years at Intel Corporation where he most recently was the lead systems architect for Intel's 7th generation Core CPU (Kaby Lake.)  In this role, Kozaczuk was responsible for all aspects of system architecture, end-to-end, from definition to execution and under his leadership, Intel successfully released the Kaby Lake CPU to market on time.  Prior to working at Intel, Kozaczuk worked for 10 years at Sun Microsystems in a variety of roles such as I/O architect, senior manager, and systems architect.  Kozaczuk received a BSEE from San Francisco State University and currently has more than six patents granted/pending. "The technology Flex Logix has developed has the potential to change how chips are designed today and in the future," said Kozaczuk.  "I am excited to become a part of a team delivering such unique industry innovation, backed by an impressive management team. I look forward to leveraging my technical systems expertise to accelerate new applications and solutions for the technology." Kozaczuk will build a team to support customers and is currently recruiting for an FAE with front-end design experience to join this quarter.  Additional FAEs will be added in the future as customer demand continues to grow. About Flex Logix Flex Logix, founded in March 2014, provides solutions for reconfigurable RTL in chip and system designs using embedded FPGA IP cores and software. The company's technology platform delivers significant customer benefits by dramatically reducing design and manufacturing risks, accelerating technology roadmaps, and bringing greater flexibility to customers' hardware. Flex Logix recently secured $7.4 million of venture backed capital. It is headquartered in Mountain View, California and has sales rep offices in China, Europe, Israel, Taiwan and Texas. More information can be obtained at http://www.flex-logix.com or follow on Twitter at @efpga. PRESS CONTACT: Kelly Karr Tanis Communications, Inc. kelly.karr@taniscomm.com  +408-718-9350 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160731/394413LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/flex-logix-appoints-tony-kozaczuk-as-director-of-solutions-architecture-300310209.html SOURCE Flex Logix Technologies, Inc. Related Links http://www.flex-logix.com Aug 29, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Flex Logix Reconfigurable, Low-Power IP Cores Now Available for TSMC 40ULP Aug 01, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Pierre Lamond Joins Flex Logix's Board of Directors My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Aug 29, 2016, 08:00 ETFlex Logix Reconfigurable, Low-Power IP Cores Now Available for... Aug 01, 2016, 08:00 ETPierre Lamond Joins Flex Logix's Board of Directors Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Personnel Announcements You just read: Flex Logix Appoints Tony Kozaczuk as Director of Solutions Architecture News provided by Flex Logix Technologies, Inc. Aug 08, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products SD/HD DV Video Decoder Video ADC 16-22Bit 97dB Stereo Audio CODEC with Linein/Digital and Analog Microphone Recording, Lineout/Headphone/Speaker Playback, SMIC 65nmll 10Gbit/s Ethernet MAC with FIFO News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News MACOM Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire AppliedMicro Monday Nov. 21, 2016 Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? Thursday Nov. 17, 2016 eMemory's NeoFuse IP Verified in TSMC 10nm FinFET Process Wednesday Nov. 16, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs ARMv8-A, Cavium powering bare-metal servers ARM Blogs - Brian Fuller, ARM UVM Random Stimulus Generator Munjal The Mystery... - Munjal Mistry Achronix Aspires to Make Embedded FPGA IP Mainstream Inside DSP - BDTi Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Flex Logix Appoints Tony Kozaczuk as Director of Solutions Architecture Brings 20 years experience in systems architecture working for high-volume leaders such as Intel and Sun Microsystems MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Aug. 8, 2016 -- Flex Logix Technologies, Inc., the leading developer of reconfigurable RTL IP cores and software, today announced that Tony Kozaczuk has been hired as the company's new director of solutions architecture. As an experienced senior systems architect with an extensive history of defining and delivering industry leading volume computer products for multiple market segments, Kozaczuk will be responsible for leading the development of the Flex Logix architecture solutions for MCUs and SoCs. "As the momentum for our EFLX IP platform continues to grow, Tony's technical leadership will be critical given his experience driving successful programs at industry-leaders Intel and Sun," said Geoff Tate, CEO and co-founder of Flex Logix. "Customers clearly recognize the significant cost and time-to-market advantages of using reconfigurable RTL in chip designs, but many ask for application examples and assistance in modifying their architecture for optimum results. We are excited to leverage Tony's skills as we continue expanding our technology platform into new markets." With more than 20 years experience as a senior systems architect, Kozaczuk has a proven track record of helping to bring high-volume products to market successfully. With extensive experience in SoC high-level, board level, systems integration and enclosures, Kozaczuk has been a technical leader and project manager of cross functional and cross geo teams for large, high-volume publicly-held companies. Prior to joining Flex Logix, Kozaczuk spent 10 years at Intel Corporation where he most recently was the lead systems architect for Intel's 7th generation Core CPU (Kaby Lake.) In this role, Kozaczuk was responsible for all aspects of system architecture, end-to-end, from definition to execution and under his leadership, Intel successfully released the Kaby Lake CPU to market on time. Prior to working at Intel, Kozaczuk worked for 10 years at Sun Microsystems in a variety of roles such as I/O architect, senior manager, and systems architect. Kozaczuk received a BSEE from San Francisco State University and currently has more than six patents granted/pending. "The technology Flex Logix has developed has the potential to change how chips are designed today and in the future," said Kozaczuk. "I am excited to become a part of a team delivering such unique industry innovation, backed by an impressive management team. I look forward to leveraging my technical systems expertise to accelerate new applications and solutions for the technology." Kozaczuk will build a team to support customers and is currently recruiting for an FAE with front-end design experience to join this quarter. Additional FAEs will be added in the future as customer demand continues to grow. About Flex Logix Flex Logix, founded in March 2014, provides solutions for reconfigurable RTL in chip and system designs using embedded FPGA IP cores and software. The company's technology platform delivers significant customer benefits by dramatically reducing design and manufacturing risks, accelerating technology roadmaps, and bringing greater flexibility to customers' hardware. Flex Logix recently secured $7.4 million of venture backed capital. It is headquartered in Mountain View, California and has sales rep offices in China, Europe, Israel, Taiwan and Texas. More information can be obtained at http://www.flex-logix.com or follow on Twitter at @efpga.     Contact Flex Logix Technologies, Inc. Fill out this form for contacting a Flex Logix Technologies, Inc. representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Flex Logix Technologies, Inc. Hot IP Embedded FPGA cores in TSMC28HPM/HPC   See Flex Logix Technologies, Inc. IP >> Related News Flex Logix Appoints Andy Jaros as VP Sales Flex Logix Appoints Abhijit Abhyankar as VP Silicon Engineering Flex Logix Extends Embedded FPGA-in-SoC Architecture with New Block RAM and DSP Cores Q&A: Embedded FPGA Facilitates Reconfigurable SoC/MCU RTL Blocks Cortus appoints Philippe Descamps as Director Worldwide Sales   See Flex Logix Technologies, Inc. Latest News >> Breaking News Philippe Morali, High Technology Veteran, Joins eSilicon as CFO Codasip and UltraSoC deliver advanced RISC-V SoC analysis and debug Abaco Systems Acquires 4DSP Mobileye Adopts Key Synopsys Automotive Functional Safety Verification Solution to Enable ISO 26262 Compliance of its Next-Generation ADAS SoCs MACOM Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire AppliedMicro   See Latest News >> Most Popular MACOM Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire AppliedMicro Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? Mobileye Adopts Key Synopsys Automotive Functional Safety Verification Solution to Enable ISO 26262 Compliance of its Next-Generation ADAS SoCs Intel's Nervana Attacks GPUs Codasip and UltraSoC deliver advanced RISC-V SoC analysis and debug   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Wednesday, November 23, 2016, 2:27 p.m. Home / Business / Business news in brief This article was published August 8, 2016 at 2:04 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Apple offers 'bug bounty' to hackers This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Business news in brief Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Prius Prime rollout put on pause Inflation squeezes Venezuelan telecoms Instagram adopts Snapchat-like features Bankruptcy watch Business news in brief Wal-Mart updates 'best by' labeling State’s Nighthawk in deal to distribute price... For dean, history, future mix in NW State trucking leader neither opposes nor adv... More Business stories > Comments on: Business news in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented BRUMMETT ONLINE: It’s Bubba time (19 comments) Police: Woman shot, hurt in drive-by shooting on I-630 in Little Rock (5 comments) Trump picks South Carolina Gov. Haley to be UN ambassador (3 comments) Woman mistaken for deer, fatally shot by hunter in Arkansas, sheriff says (5 comments) BRENDA LOOPER: A false alarm (5 comments) Shots fired into car in Little Rock kill 2-year-old (10 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Reviews Hardware Building a 40-Thread Xeon Monster PC for Less Than the Price of a Broadwell-E Core i7 By Steven Walton on August 8, 2016 TechSpot Popular 8 comments The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers 48 comments Experts urge Clinton to demand election recount in three key states amid vote hacking fears 'Super Mario 64' has been recreated in 2D using 'Super Mario Maker' 12 comments Microsoft issues apology after people take offense to perceived racial slur in Dead Rising 4 email Non-gaming virtual experiences will drive VR devices to mainstream Xbox One games will be able to stream to Oculus Rift next month Clever malware lets hackers turn your headphones into a microphone Index Article Index Xeon for Less: 20 Cores, 40 Threads Test System, Power Consumption Memory Performance Synthetic Performance Application Performance Encoding Performance This Is What You Came For 2.3k Facebook Twitter Reddit RSS Comments In the two months since Intel unveiled Broadwell-E, I've been going back and forth with my decision to invest in one. We received the 10-core Core i7-6950X for review and while it was an attractive chip in terms of performance, it came at a seriously ugly price. At $1,650 we recommend taking a hard pass on the 6950X. Frankly, the older 8-core 5960X was difficult to justify at $1,050, so the slightly updated 6900K for $1,100 doesn't exactly have us whipping our wallets out. Spending over $600 on the 6-core 6850K isn't too appealing either... So, what's an enthusiast to do if they require more than the 4 cores in Intel's mainstream desktop Core i7 processors? One solution would be building our beastly 16-core/32-thread Xeon E5-2670 workstation featured back in April. For under $1,000 we picked up core components including two 8-core E5-2670 processors, a new dual-socket LGA2011 motherboard and 64GB of DDR3 memory. Throw in a case, power supply, graphics card and some storage and you have a seriously capable machine for the price of a Core i7-5960X. In terms of performance, our affordable Xeon build really stuck it to the 5960X by a rather large margin in more than one test. When the uber expensive 6950X appeared, we made sure to pit it against the dual-CPU system and to our surprise the Xeons stood strong, even coming out on top in a few tests. One solution would be building our beastly 16-core/32-thread Xeon E5-2670 workstation featured back in April. It was interesting to find that in many of the application and encoding tests, this older Sandy Bridge-EP build was able to put up a real fight. In terms of performance vs. price it tends to come out well on top with the only blemish being its power consumption. The dual-Xeon system pulled 300 watts in our Hybrid x265 test while the Core i7-6950X setup needed only half that amount. Of course we were comparing two 8-core processors to a single 10-core chip, but the main issue was the four-generation-old Sandy Bridge architecture. This put us on the hunt for affordable Xeon processors based on the Haswell-EP or perhaps even Broadwell-EP architectures -- it certainly seemed mere wishful thinking that we would come across a relatively inexpensive Broadwell-EP Xeon. Our search put us on the trail of Intel's Xeon E5 2630 v4, a 10-core Broadwell-EP part that runs at a base clock of 2.2GHz but can boost up to 3.1GHz depending on the workload. Typically, you'd spend something like $700 for this processor -- substantially more than the $70 we paid for each of our E5-2670 v1 processors -- however, it's possible to purchase the E5-2630 v4 for as little as $200 on eBay. The only catch is that they are engineering samples (ES), not retail chips. The examples we've come across are based on release stepping (SR2R7), so motherboard compatibility won't be an issue, providing the BIOS has been updated to support Broadwell-EP processors. Once upon a time it was rare to find Intel engineering samples, but today they appear online in huge volumes. Looking only on eBay for instance, thousands of these E5-2630 v4 ES chips have been sold with countless more still in stock. Typically, we suggest avoiding ES chips when possible, but $200 for a 10-core/20-thread Broadwell-EP processor really is too hard to refuse. With so many of you asking what these chips perform like over the past few weeks, we've decided to find out. The Build The previous build using the Xeon E5-2670 v1 processors was put together on a pretty tight budget and so we went with one of the most affordable Dual Socket R (LGA2011) motherboards we could find. Since we are spending more than twice as much on the processors this time ($400), we decided to go with a more capable motherboard. Having been so impressed with the previous Asrock Rack motherboard, we picked up the EP2C612D16-2L2T on Newegg for $580 (which is now $100 cheaper if you needed further temptation). This is a Dual Socket LGA2011 R3 motherboard that adheres to the SSI EEB form factor, measuring 12'' x 13'' (30.5 cm x 33 cm). Announced way back in September 2014, the EP2C612D16-2L2T gained Broadwell-EP support in March via BIOS version 2.10. At the heart of the EP2C612D16-2L2T we find the Intel C612 chipset, a 7w part that was built using the 32nm process and offers Gen 2 PCIe support for up to 8-lanes, six USB 3.0 ports as well as 10 SATA 6Gb/s ports. Asrock Rack has expanded SATA support to a dozen ports with the inclusion of a single Marvell 9172 6Gb/s controller. Given that this is a two-year old motherboard, you won't find fancy storage options such as M.2. High speed SSDs will need to be integrated using PCI Express adapter cards. There are a total of 16 DIMM slots with support for NVDIMM (Non-Volatile Dual In-line Memory Module). Each processor is connected to 8 DIMMs and of course quad-channel memory support exists. Both RDIMM and LRDIMM modules are supported at speeds of DDR4 2133/1866 and 1600. Onboard we find three PCIe 3.0 x16 expansion slots along with a further three PCIe 3.0 x8 slots. That means there are 72 PCIe 3.0 lanes on tap -- impressive stuff. One of the key highlights of the EP2C612D16-2L2T is network support. Out of the box you get a pair of 10G network connections courtesy of the Intel X540 controller. In addition there are a pair of Intel i210 controllers for a pair of Gigabit Ethernet connections. Finally, there is also a single dedicated IPMI LAN port. The ECC memory this board can support is generally meant for servers, where any data corruption is unacceptable. Since this isn't really a concern for most of our readers, we went with standard UDIMM modules from G.Skill, rather than equip the board with ECC memory. Ideally we wanted to populate every DIMM slot with DDR4-2133 memory so we reached out to our good friends over at G.Skill. Happy to oblige, they served up 16 4GB sticks of Ripjaws V DDR4-2133 memory for a total capacity of 64GB, which will allow both Xeon E5-2630 v4 chips to enjoy quad-channel memory support. G.Skill sells this memory in 16GB quad-channel memory kits for just $74 each, taking the total cost for this build to just shy of $300. For those wondering, the memory operates at CL 15-15-15-35 timings using 1.2 volts. The modules are available with either red or black heat spreaders and we went with red. As with our previous dual-Xeon build, we equipped the processors with Noctua NH-U12DX i4 coolers. Noctua's DX line have become a popular choice in high performance quiet cooling solutions for Intel Xeon CPUs. The latest i4 revision supports the LGA2011 platform (both Square ILM and Narrow ILM) and comes with a 120mm NF-F12 'Focused Flow' fan. Thanks to its slim design with a fin depth of 45mm, the NH-U12DX i4 ensures easy access to the RAM slots. When installed parallel to the slots, it will not overhang the memory even with two fans installed. For those concerned about space, the NH-D9DX i4 is an even more compact option. At $60, both the NH-U12DX i4 and NH-D9DX i4 are well priced and come backed by a six-year manufacturer's warranty. Next Page Test System, Power Consumption Article Index Xeon for Less: 20 Cores, 40 Threads Test System, Power Consumption Memory Performance Synthetic Performance Application Performance Encoding Performance This Is What You Came For Top Rated Comments (view all) Post a new comment Load all comments… Discuss 61 Facebook employees have reportedly created a task force to stop fake news stories 13 Fake video game stories are everywhere 7 Clever malware lets hackers turn your headphones into a microphone 7 Facebook testing feature that shows you where to find free Wi-Fi 94 Weekend Open Forum: What piece of hardware do you regret buying? Add New Comment TechSpot Members Login or sign up for free, it takes about 30 seconds. You may also... Post as guest user Get complete access to the TechSpot community. Join thousands of technology enthusiasts that contribute and share knowledge in our forum. Get a private inbox, upload your own photo gallery and more. Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
12,604,742 members (72,127 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » IoT Services » General   Article Alternatives Comments (4) Add your own alternative version Tagged as IoT Stats 3.5K views 31 downloads 11 bookmarked Posted 7 Aug 2016 A Realistic Simulation Framework With IoT For Traffic Control Based On Pollution Level Grasshopper.iics, Abhishek Nandy, 7 Aug 2016 CPOL    4.91 (6 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 4.91/5 - 6 votes μ 4.91, σa 1.01 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. High level IOT Co2 emission simulation. Download Edison_App.zip - 751 B Download Netbeans VANET Simulator with IoT Integration ( DropBox- 38 MB) Introduction Today, cities face several challenges. Traffic congestion control and pollution control are two of biggest challenges for any city. Various artificial intelligence systems and autonomous systems are being developed and deployed over the years to ease the traffic congestion as well as reducing the opollution level in a city. Often time, research and development of such products are tedious because product testing is expenssive. A Simulation environment gives much needed flexibility for such large scale solution deployment. It has been found in the past studies that overall pollution of a place is dependent on the industrial output in and around the place and the traffic. It is found that vehicles emit more Co2 while stationary with engines on. It is observed that the pollution at the junctions are more where vehicle wait with engine on for the lights to be turned green. In order to reduce such traffic volume, authorities have adopted flow based traffic light control where the traffic flow is being monitored throug either physical sensors or through machine vision techniques. However, as the type of vehicles differs and as each vehicle type has their own pollution signature, density based traffic control has failed to reduce the pollution level. We therefore need more intelligent system that can actually take into account of the pollution level while controlling the traffic light timer. As City traffic is interconnected from one traffic junction to another, it would require immense resource to deploy physical sensors across all parts of a jusnction, to observe traffic flow, pollution and then take light timing decisions. We want to reduce this cumbersome and difficult process by providing a framework that readily integrates IoT with a realistic city traffic and vehicle flow simulation. A physical sensor is integrated into the simulation environment such that the solution can be tested against real city jucntion even while in simulation mode. So, our solution offers:   A realistic traffic simulation using VANET Open source simulator An Intel Edison based Co2 sensing device A Mqtt gateway based integration of the sensing data to the simulation environment A ThingSpeak based gateway to mitigate the data into cloud for further analysis An intelligent object to attach the Co2 monitoring data with one of the traffic junctions of the simulation environment and then finally controlling the traffic light timing of that particular junction.   This is a high end simulation of a adhoc based traffic system which shows how co2 consumption happens in the way of increasinh vehicles.The condition blends in both of virtual and real world scenario in a map. This simulation works in a full indepth research that has happened in the field of traffic based system.We have taken data from various considerations and broken it in a map of small pocket where we can intensely classify the demographic of a vehicle.Keepin key considerations in mind such as the vehicle and their types plus they velocity amount of fuel burnt more of a carbon footprint of the vehicle and the causes of it.Here we measure the CO2 emission of the vehicles present the densely populated with different vehicles how it works. The project is an adoptation and improvement of the concepts presented in this paper The Physical world   The physical world comprises of an Intel Edison board with Grove shield where a Mq7 sensor is connected with one of the analog ports.   Fig. Intel Edison board with Mq7 Sensor The arrangement measure the gas in the environment and analog value varies accordingly. This 10 bit precision analog value needs to be mapped to the actual Co2 value in PPM which is done in following way: Methodology Create a realistic city traffic simulation using VanetSim (a java based open source vanet simulator). Implement a real time pollution sensing device using Intel Edison and Mq7 sensor. Mitigate the observe pollution level (CO2 level) to the simulation environment using high quality of service, low latency Mqtt protocol. Create a dependency graph between traffic flow and congestion level. Control city traffic light based on the vehicle flow. Integrate the pollution level into traffic light control system. To observe the performance of variation of the traffic light behavior in accordance to change in the pollution level at specific junction. To validate that such a system can ensure realistic results through huge number of vehicles and by incorporating movement of the vehicles through multiple junctions. The correlation of the monitored Co2 value with the traffic light is shown in following equation: Where 400 is the normal Co2 value in PPM, ParameterValue is the simulation object representing the actual pollution ( Co2 level) assigned to it through Mqtt by Intel Edison. 10 is the factor by which the green light phase is increased in the mapped junction   System Design     The main thing is to push the values to the simulation and at the same time keep the values into cloud. The iot.eclipse.org provides a cloud service but we want a real time visualization at large area by pushing the values into cloud analytic service called ThingSpeak. Simulation Overview   Fig. Way points in the open street map Fig. nodes (vehicles) moving through junction Coding Co2 Sensing and Publishing over ioT var mqtt    = require('mqtt'); 
var client  = mqtt.connect('mqtt://iot.eclipse.org');    In unix, push the data into any open websites like curl (command line URL).From javascript, access the curl command which is Unix base command. Then push data into the cloud calling http get method.The thingspeak use the JavaScript id. So thingspeak need http protocol, we call http protocol using curl command. Here node js doesn’t have http directives, so we can access Unix system commands from node js to use Unix as Unix http features to push the data into thingspeak http API. To do this process using the library function called ‘sys’. var sys = require('sys') It is Unix system library which means all APIs like word count,ls commands etc are access using ‘sys’ library.   var exec = require('child_process').exec; Here,’exe’ is a process, we take a JavaScript module by child process. We create a background process while we do network related operations, such that it doesn’t block the main process. The node js doesn’t create any thread and node.js is a system which runs a single thread. But the problem is that it cannot access the Unix command system because those are kernel level commands. The js runs a single thread which cannot run kernel command from the user a command. So we take a node module called child process, which allows node js system to fork a child process. If we can fork a child process. Then we can access kernel level program and id doesn’t run in the user level. The ‘exe’ is a variable of child process.   function puts(error, stdout, stderr) { sys.puts(stdout) } The ‘puts’ is a function which puts all the results coming from the child process.When we execute a any linux command like ls,wc etc.Then we get setup results.We want to put its results into the actual command prompts.So ‘put’ command going to put all error,stdout into current command.   The node js a program which of two types of libraries: Core library User defined library There are some set of function which is already available with node js and there are some other functions which are not available with node js.The functions which are not to be available with node js are to be installed by npm (node package manager).Once we install the npm package by saying npm-install.Now we can access any number of libraries. var mraa=require('mraa'); The ‘mraa’ is a library.This node js library used to access the hardware.Because we want to access digital pin called GPIO pin, hence we using the ‘mraa’ library.In javascript use the ‘require’ function to use the modules.There are two types of modules which are one is core module and another is use module.The javascript support some core modules including anything for example math library etc. //var LCD = require('jsupm_i2clcd'); //var myLCD = new LCD.Jhd1313m1(6, 0x3E, 0x62);   var a0=new mraa.Aio(3); The pollution sensor connected to analog port which is pin 3(Aio(3)).The analog pin3 used to reads the analog value of amount of CO2 emitted by vehicles coming from Mq7 sensor.It will measure the analog value. The formula is computed for calculating the ppm value. According to formulae that is ppm=a*(Rs/R0)^b, var a=116.602;
var b=-5.96;
var In=4.5/3.34e+4;
var R0=41000;
   These are the default resistance values.First we read the analog value from a0 pin where pollution sensor is connected.Then we go through all conversions in order to get the pollution value.The pollution will be in ppm.The CO2 level will be measure in the ppm’s.         var Rs=v1/In; // Rs is resistance value calculated by v1/In where In is a normal current value.

var v2=Rs/R0; // R0 is default value where R0=41000

v2=Math.pow(v2,b); // That is (Rs/R0)^b

var ppm=179.73*v2; //The formula for calculating ppm value as &lsquo;ppm=a*(Rs/R0)^b&rsquo;

console.log("x="+val+" vo="+vo+" Rs="+Rs+" ppm"+ppm);     // The console.log used to       display the &lsquo;x&rsquo;,&rsquo;vo&rsquo;,&rsquo;Rs&rsquo;,&rsquo;ppm&rsquo; values.

//myLCD.clear();

//myLCD.setCursor(0,1);

//myLCD.write(""+ppm);

//myLCD.setCursor(1,1);

//myLCD.write("Co2 in ppm");

 
if(ppm<420)

{

//myLCD.setColor(0,255,0);

}

else

{

//myLCD.setColor(255,0,0);

}
 The ppm value will be less than 420 then it display the value in display as green or else display the value in display as red color.     ///////////// Update ThingSpeak/////////////

s="curl \"http://api.thingspeak.com/update?api_key=3ZXPXW3SPPDEC1HU&field1="+ppm+ "\"";

exec(s);

//////////////////////////////////////////

client.publish('rupam/Simulator', ""+ppm);

/// Send data to Simulator//////////

setTimeout(Loop,10000);

}
   The ‘curl’ command used to call the thingspeak.com where the value are updated.The thingspeak.com/update is a API key,along with this API key only one field thingspeak.In thingspeak channel,we can push the eight sensors together.So we can pass upto 8 sensors.In our project using only one sensor in the field1 to display the ppm value. At the same time, we pushing this value to the simulator.So we need to publish the data in a channel using Mqtt protocol. The Simulation Part This is an adoptation of Open Source VANET Simulator Project where we have integrated our physical sensing model and embedded intelligence to control the traffic light based on environmental Co2 value. As the traffic gets congested at a specific road leading to a junction, the pollution increases. Now, the pollution level also depends upon several other factors like type of vehicles ( generally bikes and trucks will emit more co2 than cars). Normally modern traffic flow doesn't take into consideration of these factors and traffic lights at best adopts a density based control model where highly densed roads are given more priority and high timer value for the green light in order to clear the traffic in that road.  But as we elaborated at the top, that approch not always result in most optimum pollution control. We argue that instead of controlling the traffic through traffic lights, the authorities must adopt more intelligent solution and must integrate the environmental parameters like Co2 into traffic control. We have adopted a realistic city traffic scenerio with VANET simulator that can not only simulate the traffic lights, junctions, but also many important aspects of a realistic city traffic scenerio like accidents, pot holes, inter vehicular communication and so on.   We have been  through how the process works now it is important on how the data and the simulation works.The entire code is written in java.We have used netbeans ide to write the programs.OpenStreetMap allows the file which you want to work on to be loaded.It generates a *.osn file for our usage.Now that file is uploaded in the vanet simulator and can be worked upon.The starting point of the code is shown below.The buttons in the code are for exact choices of what we are doing.     /*
 * VANETsim open source project - http://www.vanet-simulator.org
 * Copyright (C) 2008 - 2013  Andreas Tomandl, Florian Scheuer, Bernhard Gruber
 * 
 * This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
 * it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 * the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
 * (at your option) any later version.
 * 
 * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 * GNU General Public License for more details.
 * 
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 * along with this program.  If not, see <http: licenses="" www.gnu.org="">.
 */
package vanetsim;

import javax.swing.JOptionPane;
import javax.swing.SwingUtilities;

import vanetsim.localization.Messages;


public class VanetSimStarter {
	/**
	 * The main method.
	 * 
	 * @param args	command line arguments. No argument is given the simulator will start in GUI-Mode.
	 * if 3 arguments are given the simulator will start without GUI in console mode. args[0] = map path; args[1] = scenario path args[2] = time until the simulation stops 
	 * example for console mode: java -jar VanetSimStarter.jar /Users/Max_Mustermann/rgb-1.xml /Users/Max_Mustermann/rgb-1_scen.xml 50000 
	 */
	public static void main(String[] args) {
		if(args.length < 3) SwingUtilities.invokeLater(new VanetSimStart());
		else SwingUtilities.invokeLater(new ConsoleStart(args[0], args[1], args[2]));
	}

	public static void restartWithLanguage(String language){
		String[] buttons = {Messages.getString("VanetSimStarter.Yes", language), Messages.getString("VanetSimStarter.No", language)};
		if(JOptionPane.showOptionDialog(null, Messages.getString("VanetSimStarter.WarningMessage", language), "", JOptionPane.WARNING_MESSAGE, 0, null, buttons, buttons[1]) == 0){
			Messages.setLanguage(language);
			VanetSimStart.getMainFrame().dispose();
			SwingUtilities.invokeLater(new VanetSimStart());
		}	
	}
}

</http:> Now for the mqtt part where communication occurs in Intel Edison the code is as shown below.     var mqtt    = require('mqtt');
var client  = mqtt.connect('mqtt://iot.eclipse.org');
////////////////////
var sys = require('sys')

var exec = require('child_process').exec;
function puts(error, stdout, stderr) { sys.puts(stdout) }


var mraa=require('mraa');

//var LCD = require('jsupm_i2clcd');
//var myLCD = new LCD.Jhd1313m1(6, 0x3E, 0x62);

var a0=new mraa.Aio(3);
var a=116.602;
var b=-5.96;
var In=4.5/3.34e+4;
var R0=41000;
Loop();
function Loop()
{
 var val=a0.read();
var vo=val*5/1000;
var v1=5-vo;
var Rs=v1/In;
var v2=Rs/R0;
v2=Math.pow(v2,b);
var ppm=179.73*v2;
console.log("x="+val+" vo="+vo+" Rs="+Rs+" ppm"+ppm);
//myLCD.clear();
//myLCD.setCursor(0,1);
//myLCD.write(""+ppm);
//myLCD.setCursor(1,1);

//myLCD.write("Co2 in ppm");
if(ppm<420)
{
//myLCD.setColor(0,255,0);
}
else
{
//myLCD.setColor(255,0,0);
}
///////////// Update ThingSpeak/////////////
s="curl \"http://api.thingspeak.com/update?api_key=3ZXPXW3SPPDEC1HU&field1="+ppm+ "\"";
exec(s);
//////////////////////////////////////////
client.publish('rupam/Simulator', ""+ppm);
/// Send data to Simulator//////////

setTimeout(Loop,10000);
} 
 Breaking down the code Now we will work on the scenario of the vanet simulator as soon as the osm file is uploaded we can generate the map of our area.It helps in replicating the best scenario for which we can consider amount of traffic load at time and place when it is at peak and when it is less.We can test the extremes of the traffic and the CO2 emission rate at a particular place. Getting the important things done The Intel edison board which will feed the data and communicate to internet and other services should be kept at the junction point that too for the first traffic light of the junction.This will help in creating the simulation environment starting point. Let's get in to the code     /*
 * To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
 * To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
 * and open the template in the editor.
 */
package vanetsim;

import java.awt.image.BufferedImage;
import java.util.ArrayList;
import javax.swing.ImageIcon;
import javax.swing.JOptionPane;
import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.IMqttDeliveryToken;
import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttCallback;
import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttClient;
import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttConnectOptions;
import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttException;
import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttMessage;
import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.persist.MemoryPersistence;

/**
 *
 * @author Rupam
 */
public class IoTSimulatorInterface extends javax.swing.JFrame implements MqttCallback {

    /**
     * Creates new form IoTSimulatorInterface
     */
    public IoTSimulatorInterface() {
        initComponents();
    }

    /**
     * This method is called from within the constructor to initialize the form.
     * WARNING: Do NOT modify this code. The content of this method is always
     * regenerated by the Form Editor.
     */
    @SuppressWarnings("unchecked")
    // <editor-fold defaultstate="collapsed" desc="Generated Code">                          
    private void initComponents() {

        jLabel1 = new javax.swing.JLabel();
        jLabel2 = new javax.swing.JLabel();
        jtfBrokerUrl = new javax.swing.JTextField();
        jButton1 = new javax.swing.JButton();
        jlChart = new javax.swing.JLabel();
        jlConnectionStatus = new javax.swing.JLabel();
        jButton2 = new javax.swing.JButton();

        setDefaultCloseOperation(javax.swing.WindowConstants.EXIT_ON_CLOSE);

        jLabel1.setText("Connect IoT Module With Simulator Using MqTT Protocol");

        jLabel2.setText("Server URL:");

        jtfBrokerUrl.setText("tcp://iot.eclipse.org:1883");

        jButton1.setText("Connect Simulation With IoT");
        jButton1.addActionListener(new java.awt.event.ActionListener() {
            public void actionPerformed(java.awt.event.ActionEvent evt) {
                jButton1ActionPerformed(evt);
            }
        });

        jlChart.setText("jLabel3");

        jlConnectionStatus.setText("Not Connected");

        jButton2.setText("Run Simulator");
        jButton2.setEnabled(false);
        jButton2.addActionListener(new java.awt.event.ActionListener() {
            public void actionPerformed(java.awt.event.ActionEvent evt) {
                jButton2ActionPerformed(evt);
            }
        });

        javax.swing.GroupLayout layout = new javax.swing.GroupLayout(getContentPane());
        getContentPane().setLayout(layout);
        layout.setHorizontalGroup(
            layout.createParallelGroup(javax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.LEADING)
            .addGroup(layout.createSequentialGroup()
                .addGroup(layout.createParallelGroup(javax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.LEADING)
                    .addGroup(layout.createSequentialGroup()
                        .addGap(55, 55, 55)
                        .addComponent(jlChart, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERRED_SIZE, 848, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERRED_SIZE))
                    .addGroup(layout.createSequentialGroup()
                        .addGap(178, 178, 178)
                        .addComponent(jLabel2)
                        .addPreferredGap(javax.swing.LayoutStyle.ComponentPlacement.UNRELATED)
                        .addGroup(layout.createParallelGroup(javax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.LEADING)
                            .addComponent(jLabel1)
                            .addGroup(layout.createSequentialGroup()
                                .addGroup(layout.createParallelGroup(javax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.LEADING, false)
                                    .addComponent(jButton1, javax.swing.GroupLayout.DEFAULT_SIZE, 198, Short.MAX_VALUE)
                                    .addComponent(jtfBrokerUrl))
                                .addPreferredGap(javax.swing.LayoutStyle.ComponentPlacement.RELATED)
                                .addGroup(layout.createParallelGroup(javax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.LEADING)
                                    .addComponent(jlConnectionStatus)
                                    .addComponent(jButton2, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERRED_SIZE, 145, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERRED_SIZE))))))
                .addContainerGap(85, Short.MAX_VALUE))
        );
        layout.setVerticalGroup(
            layout.createParallelGroup(javax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.LEADING)
            .addGroup(layout.createSequentialGroup()
                .addGap(24, 24, 24)
                .addComponent(jLabel1)
                .addGap(18, 18, 18)
                .addGroup(layout.createParallelGroup(javax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.BASELINE)
                    .addComponent(jLabel2)
                    .addComponent(jtfBrokerUrl, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERRED_SIZE, javax.swing.GroupLayout.DEFAULT_SIZE, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERRED_SIZE)
                    .addComponent(jlConnectionStatus))
                .addPreferredGap(javax.swing.LayoutStyle.ComponentPlacement.RELATED)
                .addGroup(layout.createParallelGroup(javax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.BASELINE)
                    .addComponent(jButton1)
                    .addComponent(jButton2))
                .addPreferredGap(javax.swing.LayoutStyle.ComponentPlacement.UNRELATED)
                .addComponent(jlChart, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERRED_SIZE, 427, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERRED_SIZE)
                .addContainerGap(41, Short.MAX_VALUE))
        );

        pack();
    }// </editor-fold>                        
String topic        = "rupam/Simulator";
        String content      = "Message from MqttPublishSample";
        int qos             = 2;
        String broker       = "tcp://iot.eclipse.org:1883";
        String clientId     = "RUPAM";
        MemoryPersistence persistence = new MemoryPersistence();
        MqttClient sampleClient=null;
        public static double ParameterValue=-1.0;
    private void jButton1ActionPerformed(java.awt.event.ActionEvent evt) {                                         
        // TODO add your handling code here:
        broker=jtfBrokerUrl.getText().trim();
         try {
           sampleClient = new MqttClient(broker, clientId, persistence);
            MqttConnectOptions connOpts = new MqttConnectOptions();
            connOpts.setCleanSession(true);
            System.out.println("Connecting to broker: "+broker);
            sampleClient.connect(connOpts);
            System.out.println("Connected");
            System.out.println("Publishing message: "+content);
            
            if(sampleClient.isConnected())
            {
                JOptionPane.showMessageDialog(this,"Connected");
                jlConnectionStatus.setText("Connected");
              sampleClient.subscribe(topic);
              sampleClient.setCallback(this );
              jButton2.setEnabled(true);
              ds=new DataSet();
              ds.colNames=new Object[]{"Co2 Emission"};
              data=new ArrayList<>();
            }
            else
            {
                JOptionPane.showMessageDialog(this,"Not Connected");
            }
           /*
            MqttMessage message = new MqttMessage(content.getBytes());
            message.setQos(qos);
            sampleClient.publish(topic, message);
            System.out.println("Message published");
            sampleClient.disconnect();
            System.out.println("Disconnected");
            */
            //System.exit(0);
        } 
         catch(MqttException me) {
            System.out.println("reason "+me.getReasonCode());
            System.out.println("msg "+me.getMessage());
            System.out.println("loc "+me.getLocalizedMessage());
            System.out.println("cause "+me.getCause());
            System.out.println("excep "+me);
            me.printStackTrace();
        }
    }                                        
VanetSimStarter  vss=null;
DataSet ds=null;
    ArrayList<double> data;
    private void jButton2ActionPerformed(java.awt.event.ActionEvent evt) {                                         
        // TODO add your handling code here:
        vss=new VanetSimStarter();
        vss.Main();
        
    }                                        

    /**
     * @param args the command line arguments
     */
    public static void main(String args[]) {
        /* Set the Nimbus look and feel */
        //<editor-fold defaultstate="collapsed" desc=" Look and feel setting code (optional) ">
        /* If Nimbus (introduced in Java SE 6) is not available, stay with the default look and feel.
         * For details see http://download.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/uiswing/lookandfeel/plaf.html 
         */
        try {
            for (javax.swing.UIManager.LookAndFeelInfo info : javax.swing.UIManager.getInstalledLookAndFeels()) {
                if ("Nimbus".equals(info.getName())) {
                    javax.swing.UIManager.setLookAndFeel(info.getClassName());
                    break;
                }
            }
        } catch (ClassNotFoundException ex) {
            java.util.logging.Logger.getLogger(IoTSimulatorInterface.class.getName()).log(java.util.logging.Level.SEVERE, null, ex);
        } catch (InstantiationException ex) {
            java.util.logging.Logger.getLogger(IoTSimulatorInterface.class.getName()).log(java.util.logging.Level.SEVERE, null, ex);
        } catch (IllegalAccessException ex) {
            java.util.logging.Logger.getLogger(IoTSimulatorInterface.class.getName()).log(java.util.logging.Level.SEVERE, null, ex);
        } catch (javax.swing.UnsupportedLookAndFeelException ex) {
            java.util.logging.Logger.getLogger(IoTSimulatorInterface.class.getName()).log(java.util.logging.Level.SEVERE, null, ex);
        }
        //</editor-fold>

        /* Create and display the form */
        java.awt.EventQueue.invokeLater(new Runnable() {
            public void run() {
                new IoTSimulatorInterface().setVisible(true);
                
            }
        });
    }

    // Variables declaration - do not modify                     
    private javax.swing.JButton jButton1;
    private javax.swing.JButton jButton2;
    private javax.swing.JLabel jLabel1;
    private javax.swing.JLabel jLabel2;
    private javax.swing.JLabel jlChart;
    private javax.swing.JLabel jlConnectionStatus;
    private javax.swing.JTextField jtfBrokerUrl;
    // End of variables declaration                   

    @Override
    public void connectionLost(Throwable thrwbl) {
        
        //throw new UnsupportedOperationException("Not supported yet."); //To change body of generated methods, choose Tools | Templates.
    }

    
    @Override
    public void messageArrived(String string, MqttMessage mm) throws Exception {
       String para=new String(mm.getPayload());
        System.out.println();
        try
        {
            ParameterValue=Double.parseDouble(para);
            data.add(ParameterValue);
            //double[] da=new double[data.size()];
            ds.numericData=new double[1][data.size()];
            for(int i=0;i<data.size();i++)>
                
                </data.size();i++)></double> At the first part it links to iot.eclipse.org where bothe the vanet simulator as well as the Intel edison communicate between each other.The mqtt message exchange works as in this case the contact between edison and vanet simulator. Let's put a particular stress on message arrived function.The key here is the declaration of the variable ParameterValue which fetches the CO2 values. Now in the next code block we will see as the ParameterValue increases the greenlight phase value too increases.       /*
 * VANETsim open source project - http://www.vanet-simulator.org
 * Copyright (C) 2008 - 2013  Andreas Tomandl, Florian Scheuer, Bernhard Gruber
 * 
 * This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
 * it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 * the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
 * (at your option) any later version.
 * 
 * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 * GNU General Public License for more details.
 * 
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 * along with this program.  If not, see <http: licenses="" www.gnu.org="">.
 */
package vanetsim.map;





/**
 * This class represents a traffic light at a junction.
 */
public class TrafficLight {
	
	/** Default time intervals for state switching. */
	private static final double[] DEFAULT_SWITCH_INTERVALS = new double[] {5000, 1000, 5000};
	
	/** A static time to free a junction after a change of phases in ms. */
	private static final double JUNCTION_FREE_TIME = 2000;
	
	/** Duration of the red phase in ms for the priority street. */
	private double redPhaseLength_;
	
	/** Duration of the yellow phase in ms for the priority street. */
	private double yellowPhaseLength_;
	
	/** Duration of the green phase in ms for the priority street. */
	private double greenPhaseLength_;
	
	/** status of traffic light: 0 green : 1 green-orange : 2 red 3: freephase */
	private int state = 0;
	
	/** Traffic Light Collections */
	private Street[] streets_;

	
	/** Stores if a street is a priority street or not; used to distinguish between times. */
	private boolean[] streetIsPriority_;
		
	/** Timer for this traffic light; because all traffic lights on a junction run synchronously just one timer is needed. */
	private double timer_;
	
	/** The <code>Junction</code> this traffic light. */
	private Junction junction_;

	/** switcher between long and short signal length */
	private boolean switcher = true;

	/**
	 * Constructor.
	 */
	public TrafficLight(Junction junction) {
		junction_ = junction;
		//set the phases with standard times
		junction_.getNode().setTrafficLight_(this);
		
		redPhaseLength_ = DEFAULT_SWITCH_INTERVALS[0];
		yellowPhaseLength_ = DEFAULT_SWITCH_INTERVALS[1];
		greenPhaseLength_ = DEFAULT_SWITCH_INTERVALS[2];
		
		initialiseTrafficLight();
	}
	
	/**
	 * Constructor.
	 */
	public TrafficLight(double redPhaseLength, double yellowPhaseLength, double greenPhaseLength, Junction junction) {		
		junction_ = junction;
		
		junction_.getNode().setTrafficLight_(this);

		//set the phases from the given times
		redPhaseLength_ = redPhaseLength;
		yellowPhaseLength_ = yellowPhaseLength;
		greenPhaseLength_ = greenPhaseLength;
		
		initialiseTrafficLight();
	}
	
	/**
	 * This functions initializes the time arrays for each phase of the traffic light for each street;
	 * starts of with the priority streets at green and the crossing streets at red
	 * 
	 */
	private void initialiseTrafficLight(){			

		streetIsPriority_ = new boolean[junction_.getNode().getCrossingStreetsCount()];
		
		if(!junction_.getNode().hasNonDefaultSettings()){
			junction_.getNode().setStreetHasException_(new int[junction_.getNode().getCrossingStreetsCount()]);
			for(int m = 0; m < junction_.getNode().getStreetHasException_().length; m++) junction_.getNode().getStreetHasException_()[m] = 1;
		}

			
		streets_ = junction_.getNode().getCrossingStreets();
		Street[] tmpPriorityStreets = junction_.getPriorityStreets();
		
		boolean isOneway = false;
		
		for(int i = 0; i < streets_.length; i++){
			streetIsPriority_[i] = false;
			for(int j = 0; j < tmpPriorityStreets.length; j++){
				if(streets_[i] == tmpPriorityStreets[j]) streetIsPriority_[i] = true;
			}
			if(streets_[i].isOneway() && streets_[i].getStartNode() == junction_.getNode()) isOneway = true;

			if(!isOneway){
				if(streetIsPriority_[i]){
					if(junction_.getNode() == streets_[i].getStartNode()){
						streets_[i].setStartNodeTrafficLightState(0);
						if(junction_.getNode().hasNonDefaultSettings()){
							streets_[i].setStartNodeTrafficLightState(junction_.getNode().getStreetHasException_()[i]);
						}
						streets_[i].setPriorityOnStartNode(true);
					}
					else{
						streets_[i].setEndNodeTrafficLightState(0);	
						if(junction_.getNode().hasNonDefaultSettings()){
							streets_[i].setEndNodeTrafficLightState(junction_.getNode().getStreetHasException_()[i]);
						}
						streets_[i].setPriorityOnEndNode(true);
					}
				}
				else{
					if(junction_.getNode() == streets_[i].getStartNode()){
						streets_[i].setStartNodeTrafficLightState(4);
						if(junction_.getNode().hasNonDefaultSettings()){
							streets_[i].setStartNodeTrafficLightState(junction_.getNode().getStreetHasException_()[i]);
						}
					}
					else {
						streets_[i].setEndNodeTrafficLightState(4);
						if(junction_.getNode().hasNonDefaultSettings()){
							streets_[i].setEndNodeTrafficLightState(junction_.getNode().getStreetHasException_()[i]);
						}
					}
				}
			}

			isOneway = false;
			
			//lets calculate the drawing positions of the traffic light ... now its better for the performance
			calculateTrafficLightPosition(streets_[i]);
		}		
		timer_ = greenPhaseLength_;
		
		//tell the node, that he now has a traffic light
		junction_.getNode().setHasTrafficSignal_(true);
	
	}
	
	/**
	 * This function should change the states of the traffic lights if necessary. Should be called after the first greenphase
	 */
	public void changePhases(int timePerStep){
		//if remaining time is smaller than the timerPerStep we have to change the states
		if(timer_ < timePerStep){
			state = (state +1) % 4;		
 greenPhaseLength_=1000*(vanetsim.IoTSimulatorInterface.ParameterValue-400)/10;
 System.out.println("Green Light Period="+greenPhaseLength_+" red light period="+redPhaseLength_+" yellow time period= "+yellowPhaseLength_);
			//could be less code, but this way I get a better performanz
			//(non)priorties where green: Change to orange
			if(state == 1) timer_ = yellowPhaseLength_;
			//(non)priorties where green-orange: Change to red for a freephase
			else if(state == 2)timer_ = JUNCTION_FREE_TIME;
			//priorties where free: Change to red
			else if(state == 0 && switcher)
                        {
                            if(vanetsim.IoTSimulatorInterface.ParameterValue>0.0)
                            {
                               
                                timer_ = greenPhaseLength_;
                                //increase the green light time
                            }
                            else
                            {
                            timer_ = greenPhaseLength_;
                            }
                        }
			//non-priorties where free: Change to red
			else if(state == 0 && !switcher)timer_ = redPhaseLength_;
			//yellow
			else if(state == 3)timer_ = yellowPhaseLength_;	
			
			
			switcher = !switcher;
			//update all street + 1

			for(int i = 0; i < streets_.length; i++){
				if(streets_[i].getStartNode() == junction_.getNode() && streets_[i].getStartNodeTrafficLightState() != -1){
					streets_[i].updateStartNodeTrafficLightState();
				}
				else if(streets_[i].getEndNode() == junction_.getNode() && streets_[i].getEndNodeTrafficLightState() != -1){
					streets_[i].updateEndNodeTrafficLightState();
				}
			}
		}
		//else change timer
		else timer_ = timer_ - timePerStep;
	}
	
	/* Calculates Traffic light position */
	/**
	 * Calculates Traffic light position for drawing
	 */
	public void calculateTrafficLightPosition(Street tmpStreet){	
		double junctionX = junction_.getNode().getX();
		double junctionY = junction_.getNode().getY();
		
		double nodeX;
		double nodeY;
		
		if(junction_.getNode().equals(tmpStreet.getStartNode())){
			nodeX = tmpStreet.getEndNode().getX();
			nodeY = tmpStreet.getEndNode().getY();
		}
		else{
			nodeX = tmpStreet.getStartNode().getX();
			nodeY = tmpStreet.getStartNode().getY();		
		}

		//calculate the linear function (y = mx + n) between junction node an the other node
		double m = (nodeY-junctionY)/(nodeX-junctionX);
		double n = nodeY - m*nodeX;
		
		double a = 1 + (m * m);
		double b = (2 * m * n) - (2 * m * junctionY) - (2 * junctionX);
		double c = (n * n) - (2 * n * junctionY) + (junctionY * junctionY) - (700 * 700) + (junctionX * junctionX);

		if(junction_.getNode().equals(tmpStreet.getStartNode())){
			if(nodeX < junctionX){
				tmpStreet.setTrafficLightStartX_((int)Math.round((-b - Math.sqrt((b*b) - (4*a*c))) / (2*a))); 
				tmpStreet.setTrafficLightStartY_((int)Math.round((m * tmpStreet.getTrafficLightStartX_()) + n));
			 }
			 else{
				tmpStreet.setTrafficLightStartX_((int)Math.round((-b + Math.sqrt((b*b) - (4*a*c))) / (2*a)));
				tmpStreet.setTrafficLightStartY_((int)Math.round((m * tmpStreet.getTrafficLightStartX_()) + n));
			 }
		}
		else{
			if(nodeX < junctionX){
				tmpStreet.setTrafficLightEndX_((int)Math.round((-b - Math.sqrt((b*b) - (4*a*c))) / (2*a))); 
				tmpStreet.setTrafficLightEndY_((int)Math.round((m * tmpStreet.getTrafficLightEndX_()) + n));
			 }
			 else{
				tmpStreet.setTrafficLightEndX_((int)Math.round((-b + Math.sqrt((b*b) - (4*a*c))) / (2*a)));
				tmpStreet.setTrafficLightEndY_((int)Math.round((m * tmpStreet.getTrafficLightEndX_()) + n));
			 }	
		}

	}


	/**
	 * Gets the length of the green phase.
	 * 
	 * @return the length of the green phase
	 */
	public double getGreenPhaseLength() {
		return greenPhaseLength_;
	}

	
	/**
	 * Sets the length for the green Phase.
	 * 
	 * @param greenPhaseLength the length for the green phase
	 */
	public void setGreenPhaseLength(double greenPhaseLength) {
		this.greenPhaseLength_ = greenPhaseLength;
	}
	
	/**
	 * Sets the length of the yellow phase.
	 * 
	 * @param yellowPhaseLength the length of the yellow phase
	 */
	public void setYellowPhaseLength(double yellowPhaseLength) {
		this.yellowPhaseLength_ = yellowPhaseLength;
	}

	/**
	 * Gets the length of the yellow phase.
	 * 
	 * @return the length of the yellow phase
	 */
	public double getYellowPhaseLength() {
		return yellowPhaseLength_;
	}

	/**
	 * Sets the length of the red phase.
	 * 
	 * @param redPhaseLength the length of the red phase
	 */
	public void setRedPhaseLength(double redPhaseLength) {
		this.redPhaseLength_ = redPhaseLength;
	}

	/**
	 * Gets the length of the red phase.
	 * 
	 * @return the length of the red phase
	 */
	public double getRedPhaseLength() {
		return redPhaseLength_;
	}


	/**
	 * @param state the state to set
	 */
	public void setState(int state) {
		this.state = state;
	}

	/**
	 * @return the state
	 */
	public int getState() {
		return state;
	}

	/**
	 * @return the streets_
	 */
	public Street[] getStreets_() {
		return streets_;
	}

	/**
	 * @param streets_ the streets_ to set
	 */
	public void setStreets_(Street[] streets_) {
		this.streets_ = streets_;
	}




}
</http:> Results   The Intel Edison board has two ports: one is closer to switch called power port. It directly get power from pc. The other one is serial port, from serial port pc can send commands to the board.Once board put into wi fi network, We can program the board remotely.The board is connected with pc using USB port.Once connected,the LED is glowing in the board,which means board is powered.Once USB puts,right click on my computer.Click on properties as shown below:                                 Fig. connecting the serial port. Next click on device manager,next click on COM&LPT ports to select the USB serial port for communication purpose where computer communicate with this serial port communication.                    Fig. selecting the COM and LPT port. To check the port number,then use a serial communication software called putty.Putty is very popular serial communication software.Next step is to just open the putty software.It has two connections,one SSH and another one is serial.Here board is connected using serial connection so click on serial from device manager and see which poet is configured.Its depend on pc’s,here my computer configured with COM18.In putty,click on serial tap then press 18 infront COM and this board has got a bit data rate is 115200.The speed change into 115200 and this number of bits per second.Now once we enter the value and say open then pc can communicate with this board.The black screen appear.                Fig. enters the serial line and bit rate We should enter, once entered. We should login with root and enter the password.First take Edison board into our wi-fi network.The board get connected with internet through our local network that is our wi-fi network.The command used is configure_edison  --wifi.Once run this command.                  Fig. login to putty and configure the wi-fi. It configure all the wifi networks available in the surrounding area as shown in below.Here my modem number is 4.It will ask for network SSID and make sure that oue network Id by entering Yes.Then enter the our network password.              Fig. Configuring the Edison wifi connection. Once enter the password,the Edison board get connected with our local network.Then it will shown the IP-address.It may have different IP-addresses for different pc’s,it using SSH connection.The ls command used to see our program. My pogram is PollutionSim.js.It can run by entering node PollutionSim.js.It will display x value where x is analog value.The analog value sensed by the sensor which sense the CO2 level from vehicles.The CO2 value display in ppm.                       Fig. Run the program to get ppm value. Next part is to run the project VanetSimulatorIoT: The VanetSimulatorIoT package has source packages to run the simulation such as IoTSimulatorInterface.java package.Here right click on IoTSimulatorInterface.java package and debug the file to connect the server.                                   Fig. Connecting simulation with IoT Once debug the IoTSimulatorInterface.java package,we are going to connect the Mqtt server.Mqtt is a machine to machine communication protocol which is pub-sub based service.The channel is created to store the data into channel and retrieve the data from channel.Here the channel is created for message exchange is rupam/simulator.We can create our own channel in Mqtt server. First we connecting the Mqtt broker.If broker is connected.The msg is displayed as broker is connected as shown in above figure. The Mqtt has two servers such as, iot.eclipse.org and test.mosquitto.org. Our aim to show the local plot on the simulator which one already plotting in thingspeak at the same time.We want to show in local plot of variations of the CO2 level.In order to show the simulation result,we taking the array of data where we are storing the data.The simulation result shown below. Before running the simulator, first connect the IoT device to system and login through putty software using COM18 serial port.The node PollutionSim.js is a javascript program to get the current ppm value.Then pinging to the google.com.Once pings to google then asure that the ppm value is updated.Run the project,at the same time open the thingspeak channel for real time visualization of simulation value.The channel is thingspeak.com/channels/105527 as shown in below figure. Fig. Thingspeak updated result Once we get connected with IoT.Run the simulation.During this observe that traffic light value do not hit the break points because we aren’t reset the map. Next step is to edit section of open street map. Fig. Edit section for taking the open street map. Fig. The map creation process using values Fig.Open street map of Gulbarga city Let starts the edit section by opening the open street map of any city. We are taking the Gulbarga’s open street map as gulbarga3.osm file.                                Fig. Selecting the particular junction Then enable the edit mode to put the traffic light at the junction and vehicles.                               Fig. Selecting traffic light at the junction After enabling the edit mode.Select the particular junction in open street map to put the traffic light and vehicles.Next go into the settings, select the one traffic light for one junction.                                Fig.Putting one traffic light at specific junction Next, selecting the number of vehicles from setting section only.                        Fig.Selecting the vehicle option from setting After selecting the option as vehicle, we are going to put the number of vehicles. Fig. Selecting the by click option Here, we use the by click option.By click we are selecting and adding the number of vehicles in the street map.                                          Fig. Adding the selected no. of vehicles Once we selected the number of vehicles for example consider the 30 vehicle.The vehiclesmove from source point to destination point with 10sec difference.We have to set the waypoint for the vehicles that is source and destination point for selected no. of vehicles and which must pass through the specified junction where traffic light is placed.                                      Fig.Selecting Road side units                                                     Fig. Putting the Road side units The road side unit option selecting by clicking on setting.Then select the road side units and put on roads on the open street map.The road side units are extended the communication range between vehicles.         Fig. Selecting the event action Now, let place the some events.The option event selecting from the settings only.                             Fig. Selecting particular event spots The events are nothing but hospitals, damaged road. schoolzone etc. We are selecting here damaged road as an eventspot.  Fig. placing the damaged road eventspot After selecting damaged road.This event placed on the roads.While vehicles move from one place to another place, the vehicle get the information about damaged road before reaching to that road,when vehicles are nearer to damaged road slow down the vehicles to avoid the accidents. Fig. Selecting the disable mode After completion of editing section, we disable the editing section by using disable mode (statistics).                                       Fig. Run the simulation part Finally, run the simulation. Once simulation will start the vehicles are pass through the particular junction where traffic light is placed. Once simulation will start, the green light timing display on the IoTSimulatorInterface.java interface of console based on CO2 level and traffic congestion.When CO2 level and traffic congestion increases the green light timing increases.So that the number of vehicle pass smoothly through the junction. Simulation-Real World Mapping simulation point when there is greater consumption of CO2 occurs. Let's check on how we did the simulation again The first figure shows how we started working on the code at netbeans. The second figure highlights with a red tick where green phase length is calculated. The third figures portrays how the traffic simulation have started and the traffic lights showing co2 consumption. The fourth figure also shows the same and depicts from where the traffic is arriving. The sigificant green light shows that how the green light has been created.So with the entire pictures we have shown how the simulation happens. Simulation results show that by controlling the traffic Conclusion  Often City traffic planning and management needs good simulation Engines. VANET Simulator is one such realistic simulator where any city's traffic scenerio can be projected with the aid of OpenStreet map. One of the toughest challenges that the cities phases these days is to reduce pollution. Even though simulation engines are good at developing functional algorithm for traffic planning and management, validating them against real world scenerio is difficult. In this work we have shown how a single pollution sensing physical node can be integrated into the simulation environment and how the data acquired through physical device can be used as a variable in simulation environment. This work can be used as a framework, the devices can be considered as assets deployed over different known geospatial positions, broadcasting their position and pollution data simultansously. By adding an asset discovery interface with the code, these real time assests can be imported into simulation environment and multi-junction poluution data can be used to develop better traffic planning scenerios. Also vehicles using Android phones if broadcasts their GPS data, entire traffic flow of real traffic can be observed on the map. In such scenerios a hybrid of simulation and real time data can be used with a collaborative context to develop more roboust city traffic planning scenerios.   History Keep a running update of any changes or improvements you've made here. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Authors Grasshopper.iics CEO Integrated Ideas India gasshopper.iics is a group of like minded programmers and learners in codeproject. The basic objective is to keep in touch and be notified while a member contributes an article, to check out with technology and share what we know. We are the "students" of codeproject. This group is managed by Rupam Das, an active author here. Other Notable members include Ranjan who extends his helping hands to invaluable number of authors in their articles and writes some great articles himself. Rupam Das is mentor of Grasshopper Network,founder and CEO of Integrated Ideas Consultancy Services, a research consultancy firm in India. He has been part of projects in several technologies including Matlab, C#, Android, OpenCV, Drupal, Omnet++, legacy C, vb, gcc, NS-2, Arduino, Raspberry-PI. Off late he has made peace with the fact that he loves C# more than anything else but is still struck in legacy style of coding. Rupam loves algorithm and prefers Image processing, Artificial Intelligence and Bio-medical Engineering over other technologies. He is frustrated with his poor writing and "grammer" skills but happy that coding polishes these frustrations. Group type: Organisation 118 members Abhishek Nandy Software Developer India I am into software Development for less than a year and i have participated in 2 contests here at Codeproject:-Intel App Innovation Contest 2012 and Windows Azure Developer Challenge and been finalist at App Innovation contest App Submission award winner as well won two spot prizes for Azure Developer Challenge.I am also a finalist at Intel Perceptual Challenge Stage 2 with 6 entries nominated.I also won 2nd prize for Ultrabook article contest from CodeProject Link:- http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/523105/Ultrabook-Development-My-Way Microsoft MVA Fast Track Challenge Global Winner. Ocutag App Challenge 2013 Finalist. My work at Intel AppUp Store:- UltraSensors:- http://www.appup.com/app-details/ultrasensors UltraKnowHow:- http://www.appup.com/app-details/ultraknowhow You may also be interested in... Pro Finding Hard-to-Reproduce Bugs with Reverse Debugging Pro The Hybrid Cloud Stage 5-UROBI:The Ultimate Robotic Framework Over IoT For Arduino Predicting User Activity in Devices Using an Accelerometer with the Intel® Edison Board BabyZen - IoT with Azure Intel Edison® to Microsoft Azure Part 1 Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next My vote of 5 wmjordan8-Aug-16 16:08 wmjordan 8-Aug-16 16:08  Very interesting and innovative intelligent green light control. My vote of 5 MohamedKamalPharm7-Aug-16 21:27 MohamedKamalPharm 7-Aug-16 21:27  very nice Great Article MohamedKamalPharm7-Aug-16 21:26 MohamedKamalPharm 7-Aug-16 21:26  you got your five stars from me, great article ! Re: Great Article Grasshopper.iics7-Aug-16 21:30 Grasshopper.iics 7-Aug-16 21:30  Thank you so much for your appreciation, encouragement and vote. Does matter a lot. Thank You. Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 23-Nov-16 5:27 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Internet of Things Article Challenge (First Prize) Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161122.1 | Last Updated 8 Aug 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Grasshopper.iics, Abhishek Nandy Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
× Sign up for our free weekly Web Developer Newsletter. 12,604,742 members (72,127 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Netduino   Article Alternatives Comments (9) Add your own alternative version Tagged as JavascriptNode.jsIoT Stats 13.5K views 60 downloads 13 bookmarked Posted 11 Jul 2016 Smart Table Clock for Smart Home Moumita Das, 17 Aug 2016 CPOL    4.89 (15 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 4.89/5 - 15 votes μ 4.89, σa 0.99 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. A real smart table clock with Gmail notification, Fire Alarm, temperature monitoring with Intel Edison Download SmartTableClockForSmartHome.zip - 1.2 KB Introduction Ah! Another 'smart clock'! You may well be thinking "what is even need of a clock project when phone does it?" Well, an IoT connected embedded device does many things which smart phones do not do that well. They respond to hardware and sensor events in a faster and smarter ways. When you connect such devices to cloud, you get some awesome use cases which a simple mobile fails to do any days. This is a project I worked on to explore the exciting new possibilities with a clock and connecting it to IoT. So what is so special about the clock? 1) The clock shows date and time ( which obviously all the clock shows) 2) It shows temperature ( which many table stand clock shows) 3) It shows Gmail notification and can respond to that. For example "coming home" mail turns on home light and "leaving  home" mail turns off the home light. 4) Shoots up fire alarm in case a very high and abnormal temperature pattern is detected. Because the clock is connected to cloud, you can perform several tasks like scheduling an event, automatic notification and many more. Before we start, let me make an honest confession. Like many of you, I am also new to IoT and Intel Edison Board. But when I was learning the IoT fundamentals, I saw most of the tutorials are Windows based. There are many differences when you develop an IoT framework on Linuc than on Windows. Even though Intel Edison runs on Yocto, configuring the board from a Linux platform and then coding needs many tweaks and twists. So, in this I would more or less share my learning experience with you. How to work with Intel Edision Board in Linux First you need to install putty on your linux system by using this command into your terminal $sudo apt-get install putty Putty is a ssh and telnet client.If you want to access your system remotely,for example suppose you have more than one systems with ubuntu , one with windows and another  with ssh server.Then you could be accessed ssh server from  the other systems using putty software by remotely login to the ssh server. You need to configure putty in order to work with intel edison board.To connect the intel Edison board serially, you have to set the custom serial baud rate 115200 to the serial line /dev/ttyUSB0 .Because the default baud rate is 9600.To set a custom buad rate you need to give a command on the terminal: $stty -F /dev/ttyUSB0 115200 When you execute this line ,you will get a error such as /dev/ttyUSB0 serial line permission denined.Because in the group category of /dev/ttyUSB0 serial line doesnot have read and write permission.Using the following command you can see the permissions of any file. $ls -l /dev/ttyUSB0                                                     Figure: Attriutes of /dev/ttyUSB0 Now you can reset the permission then in the unix using chmod command to see the changed permission of files,you have to use the  command with -l option.The following commands are: $sudo chmod a+rw /dev/ttyUSB0

$ls -l /dev/ttyUSB0 This is the following screen shot:                               Figure : Assign read and write permission to group category So in the above screen if you notice,group category assigned read and write permission.Now you can set the custom baud rate 115200 to the /dev/ttyUSB0 serial line.No error will be shown.This is the following screen shot:                                                 Fig:custom Baud rate 115200 set to /dev/ttyUSB0 Now configure the putty to access ssh server remotely,you can use the following command to open putty. $sudo putty /dev/ttyUSB0 -serial -sercfg 115200 This command will open putty window and after pressing Enter ,it is asking for the login.                      Figure : Putty window open                                                 Figure : Asking for login name and password       Now, you have to do the following steps.I am demonstrating  it using the following screen sorts: Firstly, give login name(root) and password.If the authentication is correct then you got the Edison prompt.In the prompt write 'ifconfig' to configure and get the connected IP address.                            Figure : Configuring putty Using this Ip address(192.168.1.2) you can also login using the command: $ssh <a href="mailto:root@192.168.1.2">root@192.168.1.2</a> Now to connect wi-fi,you need to write the following command: $configure_edison &ndash;wifi The wifi will be connected by giving the wifi password and this is the following screen sort:                               Figure: connecting wifi                            Figure : Assigning wifi password     Now if you want to check the internet connection ,you can ping to the terminal using the command: $ping google.com                            Figure  : Checking Wifi connecton                                          Figure : Command prompt appear when the edison prompt will return,it is ready to start with IoT(Internet of things).Here I am demonstrating my work on IoT(smart clock for smart home).This project is developed by javacript environment with node.js module on Linux based (ubuntu). Background  The smart clock is doing various different smart works.It consists with two modules.1. It displays current date and current time on the LCD. 2. Temperature indication with alarm,LCD display with background colour change and send  mail to Gmail Address. In the first module it displays time and date on the LCD with green backgroud color.In second module if temperature is crossed the limit temperature then smart clock display the temperature value and with current time and generate notification with alarm,change background colour of LCD(green to red) and send email to the gmail address. Using the code 1.To display current time and date on the LCD , you have to connect LCD with the Intel Edison board.Intel Edison has I2C port,you have to connect the LCD with the I2C.It is just like that:                                  Fig: LCD connected with Intel Edison Board   Now need to remotely log in to the ssh server using putty(steps given above) and create a file using the command $vi clock.js and write the code following to display date and time: var currentdate=new Date(); var jsUpmI2cLcd=require('jsupm_i2clcd');

var lcd=new jsUpmI2cLcd.Jhd1313m1(6,0x3E,0x62);

var loop=function()

{

var time=currentdate.getHours()+&rdquo;:&rdquo;+currentdate.getMinutes()+&rdquo;:&rdquo;+currentdate.getSeconds();

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(0,255,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,3);

lcd.write(time);

var date=currentdate.getFullYear()+&rdquo;-&rdquo;+('0'+(currentdate.getMonth()+1)).slice(-2)+&rdquo;-&rdquo;+('0'+currectdate.getDate)).slice(-2);

lcd.setCursor(1,2);

lcd.write(date);

setTimeout(loop,500);

}

loop();   In the above code i have used getHours(),getMinutes and getSeconds() methods to display current hours,minute and second.Time is displayed on LCD starting from 0 number row and 3 rd numer column.Display time on the LCD using write method.And getFullYear(),getMonth() and getDate() methods to display current date.It displays date from the 2nd row. To run this above code you need to write the following command: $node clock.js This is the following output:                                                       Fig:current time and date displayed                                                 Fig: smart clock with date time        Smart clock also can display the current time and date in the different way using the following code. var currentdate=new Date();

var jsUpmI2cLcd=require('jsupm_i2clcd');

var lcd=new jsUpmI2cLcd.Jhd131m1(6,0x3E,0x62);

var loop=function()

{


currentdate=new Date();

var targetTime=new Date(currentdate);

var timeZoneFromDB=+5.30;

var tzDifference=timeZoneFromDB*60+targetTime.getTimezoneOffset();

var offsetTime=new Date(targetTime.getTime()+tzDifference*60*1000);

//to separate the time

var time=offsetTime.getHours()+&rdquo;:&rdquo;+offsetTime.getMinutes()+&rdquo;:&rdquo;+offsetTime.getSeconds();

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(0,255,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,3);

lcd.write(time);

var date=new Date();

lcd.setCursor(1,0);

lcd.write(date.toGMTString());

setTimeout(loop,1000);

}

loop(); using the above code we display the current time in HH:MM:SS and display the date into 'thu, 28 Jul 2016'.This is the following screen shot:                                 Fig: Diffferent format time date display                                   2.In the second module you need to connect the temperature sensor groove connector with the Intel Edison board.You can connect it with any of the analog port of groove board.Here I connect it with A0 port.Here is the image is as follows: 2.Second you have to connect buzzar groove connector with any of the data port.Here I connect it with D5 data port.Here is the image is as follows: https://www.codeproject.com/KB/Articles/1111769/2.jpg You can connect a LCD for the notification also.It is display the current temperature and background colour is set to green.if temperature cross the threasold value then backgroung color change to red.This is the following way you can connect the LCD to the I2C port of Intel Edison board. https://www.codeproject.com/KB/Articles/1111769/3.jpg Afterwards you need to connect the Intel Edison board and get into the Edision command prompt. This is the following screen sort. https://www.codeproject.com/KB/Articles/1111769/4modi.png This is the following code that you can use to read single value temperature using temperature sensor. var mraa=require('mraa');

console.log('The varsion o0f mraa is:' + mraa.getVersion());

var AnalogPin0=new mraa.Aio(0);

var B=3975;

var a=AnalogPin0.read();

var resistance=(1023.0-a)*10000.0/a;

var temperature=1/(Math.log(resistance/10000.0)/B+1/298.15)-273.15;

var value=Math.round(temperature*100)/100;

console.log(value);
 In the above code signal of the temperature sensor is connected with A0.The B value is the value of thermistor.Formula (1023-a)*10000.0/a is used to get the registance of the sensor.Formula 1/(Math.log(resistance/10000.0)/B+1/298.15)-273.15 is converting to temperature via NBSP datasheet catalog. This is the following screen sort is as follows: https://www.codeproject.com/KB/Articles/1111769/5.png   Now if the displayed temperature cross the threasold value then notification is generated.This is the following code is as follows: var digitalPin5=new mraa.Gpio(5);

digitalPin5.dir(mraa.DIR_OUT);

if(value>35)

{

digitalPin5.write(1);

}
 You can write code for LCD color change notificaion .This is the following code is as follows: var AnalogPin0=new mraa.Aio(0);

var jsUpmI2cLcd=require('jsupm_i2clcd');

var lcd=new jsUpmI2CLcd.Jhd1313m1(6,0x3E,0x62);

var B=3975;

var a=AnalogPin0.read();

var resistance=(1023.0-a)*10000.0/a;

var temperature=1/(Math.log(resistance/10000.0)/B+1/298.15)-273.15;

var value=Math.round(temperature*100)/100;

console.log(value);

var digitalPin5=new mraa.Gpio(5);

digitalPin5.dir(mraa.DIR_OUT);

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(0,255,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,1);

lcd.write(&ldquo;Temprature&rdquo;+value);

if(temperature>25)

{

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(255,0,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,1);

lcd.write(&ldquo;Temprature&rdquo;+value);
lcd.setColor(0,255,0);
lcd.setCursor(1,3);
lcd.write("It is hot");

digitalPin5.write(1);

}
 In the above code if the temperature is normal then LCD display in such a way.                                              Figure : Normal Temperature If temperature is crossed the threasold value then red backcolor will on.                      Figure :  Temperature crossed threshold But if you want to check the temperature frequently then generate notification after cross the threasold value than the code is like that var mraa=require('mraa');

var jsUpmI2cLcd=require('jsupm_i2clcd');

var lcd=new jsUpmI2CLcd.Jhd1313m1(6,0x3E,0x62);

console.log('The varsion o0f mraa is:' + mraa.getVersion());

var AnalogPin0=new mraa.Aio(0);

var B=3975;

var digitalPin5=new mraa.Gpio(5);

digitalPin5.dir(mraa.DIR_OUT);

var loop=function()

{


var a=AnalogPin0.read();

var resistance=(1023.0-a)*10000.0/a;

var temperature=1/(Math.log(resistance/10000.0)/B+1/298.15)-273.15;

var value=Math.round(temperature*100)/100;

console.log(value);

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(0,255,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,1);

lcd.write(&ldquo;Temprature&rdquo;+value);

if(value>25.0)

{

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(255,0,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,1);

lcd.write(&ldquo;Temprature&rdquo;+value);
lcd.setCursor(1,3);
lcd.write("Its hot");

digitalPin5.write(1);

setTimeout(loop,500);

}

}

loop();
 You can also vary the value of temperature sensor  variation of temperature value.When you hold the increase temperature sensor value, the temperature is increasing and when you keep it far from the sensor then the temperature is normal.Here I am showing temperature variation in screensort:                                      Fig:Temperature variations are displayed on the terminal Temperature displays on the Putty is as follows:                                 Figure : Temperature displays on putty If temperature is crossed threshould value(25) then you can display a text message "Too hot" on the terminal.This is as follows:                                Figure : temperature indication through text on terminal To get the above text indication we need to write  the following code : if(value>25.00)

{

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(255,0,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,3);

lcd.write(" "+ds);

console.log("Too hot"); //to display on the terminal

lcd.setCursor(1,0);

lcd.write("Too hot"+ value);//to

digitalPin5.write(1);

} I would like to add a Emoji image as a indication of temperature using the small change in coding. This is the following output:                               Figure :  temperature indication with Emoji image To get the above output we need to write the following code by small changes need to be done: if(value>25.00)

{

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(255,0,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,3);

lcd.write(" "+ds);  //to dislay the current time

console.write("Too hot "+ '\uD83D\uDE2D'); //to display message with Emoji symbol

digitalPin5.write(1); //To on a buzzar

} You can select any emoji image from the following link http://apps.timwhitlock.info/emoji/tables/unicode.On the page we got unicode values of Emoji images.click on unicode number we got the surrogate values.To display the particular Emoji image we need to write the value in the above maintioned way in the coding. You can comine the above coding such as current date and time and temterature display with text and alarm notification.This is the combing code is as follows: var mraa=require('mraa');
var jsUpmI2cLcd=require('jsupm_i2clcd');
var lcd=new jsUpmI2cLcd.Jhd1313m1(6,0x3E,0x62);
console.log('The mraa version is:' + mraa.getVersion());
var Analogpin0=new mraa.Aio(0);
var digitalpin5=new mraa.Gpio(3);
digitalpin5.dir(mraa.DIR_OUT);
var B=3975;

var avg=0;
var n=0;

var loop=function()
{

var analogvalue=Analogpin0.read();
var registance=(1023.0-analogvalue)*10000.0/analogvalue;
var temperature=1/(Math.log(registance/10000.0)/B+1/298.15)-273.15;
var value=Math.round(temperature*100)/100;
avg=avg+value;

lcd.setColor(0,255,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,12);

lcd.write(""+value);

lcd.setCursor(1,0);

var d=new Date();
d=d.getTime()-(d.getTimezoneOffset()*60000);
d=new Date(d+(3600000*5.5));
lcd.write(""+d);

var ds=d.getHours()+":"+d.getMinutes()+":"+d.getSeconds();
lcd.write(ds);

lcd.setCursor(0,1);

lcd.write(""+ds);

if(value>35.0)
{

 lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(255,0,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,3);

lcd.write(""+ds);

lcd.setCursor(1,0);

lcd.write("Too hot"+ value);

digitalPin5.write(1);

}

setTimeout(loop,500);

}

loop();
 These are the  outputs: When temperature is normal then smart clock displays current date time and temperature.This is the output.                                     Figure : normal smart clock If temperature will cross the threshould value the smart clock display current time and "Too hot " message with value with red backcolor.This is the  following output.                               Figure : Temperature notification Now if you want to send information mail to a specific Gmail id or the several ids then you can use the general code: <code class="western"><font color="#000000"><font face="Liberation Sans, sans-serif"><font size="3" style="font-size: 12pt"><span style="text-decoration: none">var nodemailer = require('nodemailer');</span> In the above code to send the mail I use nodemailer module.It is the easy to use module to send mail with node.js through SMTP , nodemailer is the windows friendly but you can use the nodemailer in the unix system also.To use the nodemailer module you need to install it with npm, with the following commands: $ sudo apt-get install npm $npm install nodemailer $npm install googleapis --save $npm install google-auth-library --save You have to set the turn on access the less secure apps to the gmail addresss to receive the mail. To send mail you need  a transporter object using SMTP transport,Which is used in the above code to specify the service provider,user and password.If the mail will be send successfully then message send is displayed otherwise error message displayed.In the above code the perticular message will be send to the specified das25391890@gmail.com mail id. You can integrate the above send mail code with the temperature sensor using IOT application in such a way, if thetemperature is gradually increasing and it crossed the limit, then you can send a mail to the authorised person's gmail address.you can write the integrated code in such a way: var mraa=require('mraa');

var jsUpmI2cLcd=require('jsupm_i2clcd');

var lcd=new jsUpmI2cLcd.Jhd1313m1(6,0x3E,0x62);

console.log('The varsion o0f mraa is:' + mraa.getVersion());

var AnalogPin0=new mraa.Aio(0);

var B=3975;

var digitalPin5=new mraa.Gpio(5);

digitalPin5.dir(mraa.DIR_OUT);

var loop=function()

{

var a=AnalogPin0.read();

var resistance=(1023.0-a)*10000.0/a;

var temperature=1/(Math.log(resistance/10000.0)/B+1/298.15)-273.15;

var value=Math.round(temperature*100)/100;

console.log(value);

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(0,255,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,1);

lcd.write(&ldquo;Temprature&rdquo;+value);

if(value>35.0)

{

lcd.clear();

lcd.setColor(0,255,0);

lcd.setCursor(0,1);

lcd.write(&ldquo;Temprature&rdquo;+value);

digitalPin5.write(1);

}

setTimeout(loop,500);

}

loop();

<code class="western"><font color="#000000"><font face="Liberation Sans, sans-serif"><font size="2" style="font-size: 11pt"><span style="text-decoration: none">var nodemailer = require('nodemailer');</span>   In the above code if the temperature is crossed 35 then mail will be send to the specified gmail address.And on the terminal the following message will desplayed:                                           Fig : email send message on the terminal This is the screen sort of the mail in the gmail address:                                             Fig:mail reveived into gmail address   Here is my combined final product a smart table clock.This make my desk smater.It displays current date and time,temperature notification and gmail notification.Step by step I am displaying  the product's different viewes.                 Figure : Front view           Figure : Back view              Figure : Side View       Figure :side view                       Figure : 3D View  Figure : Pen stand with  current date time and normal temperature  Figure : Pen stand with current time and temterature text and alarm notification             Figure : Pen stand with time and mail notification for temperature Try to make it according to your own way.It will make your desk smarter.   License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Moumita Das Software Developer Integrated Ideas India No Biography provided You may also be interested in... Creating a Smart Home Chat Bot Arduino 101 Bluetooth Low Energy How to build an Arduino powered smart home Intel Edison® to Microsoft Azure Part 1 Mobile Messaging with Twilio SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next Innovative Bhuvanesh Mohankumar11-Aug-16 8:53 Bhuvanesh Mohankumar 11-Aug-16 8:53  Good and Innovative thought as usual Re: Innovative Moumita Das11-Aug-16 17:03 Moumita Das 11-Aug-16 17:03  Thank You My vote of 5 Member 123643908-Aug-16 4:23 Member 12364390 8-Aug-16 4:23  good practical project My vote of 5 Chrris Dale7-Aug-16 15:16 Chrris Dale 7-Aug-16 15:16  Nice Re: My vote of 5 Moumita Das7-Aug-16 15:37 Moumita Das 7-Aug-16 15:37  Thank You. More code explanation is needed Grasshopper.iics16-Jul-16 21:14 Grasshopper.iics 16-Jul-16 21:14  Hello. It can be a good article. But, we need more explanation of the code. For instance what is mraa, what it does, if any other library is available or not. Why node.js, why not python or arduino? Make the article more interesting for the readers by including what you learnt. What part of the project we faced challenges and how you overcome that. Re: More code explanation is needed Nelek22-Jul-16 2:19 Nelek 22-Jul-16 2:19  good review   M.D.V. If something has a solution... Why do we have to worry about?. If it has no solution... For what reason do we have to worry about? Help me to understand what I'm saying, and I'll explain it better to you Rating helpful answers is nice, but saying thanks can be even nicer. Re: More code explanation is needed Moumita Das22-Jul-16 3:23 Moumita Das 22-Jul-16 3:23  Thanks a lot for your precious time.Surely I will try to modify my article according to your suggestion. Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 23-Nov-16 5:27 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161122.1 | Last Updated 17 Aug 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Moumita Das Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Intel Buys AI Startup Nervana to Bolster Data Center Unit Ian King More stories by Ian King August 9, 2016 — 4:00 PM EDT Intel Corp., which makes chips that run more than 90 percent of the world’s servers, said it’s buying startup Nervana Systems to add software, a cloud service and future hardware in an attempt to better tune its products for artificial intelligence work. While Intel’s Xeon processors dominate in data centers, they’re not built for the unique workloads of artificial intelligence calculations, according to Gartner Inc. analyst Martin Reynolds. Adding Nervana’s products and expertise will help it gain a foothold in a small but growing market and fend off would-be rivals such as Nvidia Inc., if it can rapidly turn its acquisition into products. “The market isn’t that big yet,” he said. “But it’s potentially a huge opportunity.” Intel’s data center unit, its most-profitable and fastest-growing business, needs to find products suited to running emerging services such as voice and picture recognition. Such artificial intelligence work is expected to become a bigger portion of the activity of the servers powered by Intel’s chips. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily dose of the news that’s moving markets around the world. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits The best from Bloomberg on style, food and travel. Without opening 50 tabs. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter “We believe that bringing together the Intel engineers who create the Intel Xeon and Intel Xeon Phi processors with the talented Nervana Systems’ team, we will be able to advance the industry faster than would have otherwise been possible,” Intel’s Diane Bryant, executive vice president of its data center business, said in a web posting. “We will continue to invest in leading edge technologies that complement and enhance Intel’s AI portfolio.” San Diego-based Nervana was founded in 2014. Terms of the acquisition weren’t disclosed. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers Soaring Consumer Confidence: Are Americans Happy It's Trump, or Just Happy It's Over? These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Intel moves to achieve deep-learning Nervana with acquisition by Jeff Kampman  3:40 PM on August 9, 2016 Deep learning technology is one of the buzziest, fastest-growing fields in tech right now. We've long heard about the potential of the technology from Nvidia, who has positioned its GPUs as ideal platforms to power applications like self-driving cars and neural-network-powered image identification, to name just two potential applications for the tech. Today, Intel is trying to get a leg up in the game by purchasing Nervana Systems, a deep-learning hardware and software provider, for an undisclosed sum. Intel says it'll be using Nervana's software to refine its Math Kernel Library, and the company's hardware expertise will also be put to work in the development of Xeon and Xeon Phi chips. Nervana's hardware page says it's developed a deep-learning application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC)  in an interposer package with 32GB of HBM on board. That ASIC also includes six bi-directional proprietary interconnect links that allow clusters of chips to be connected intra- or inter-server for extra speed. The company also makes an SDK called Neon for implementing deep-learning applications. In tandem, these products are meant to provide big speedups for the field. We'll probably hear much more about this acquisition at IDF next week. Tags: Miscellaneous Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... This discussion is now closed. View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Microsoft Bill Gates Want $200,000? Prove the urban myth that Microsoft copied code to create MS-DOS Did Microsoft use code from CP/M for MS-DOS? Find the command that prints Gary Kildall's name to win a prize. By Mary-Ann Russon August 9, 2016 18:24 BST Microsoft and IBM were at the birth of the personal computer in the 1980s, but some people want to prove that they ripped off Gary Kildall's code Ruben de Rijcke, Wikimedia Commons An IT consultant specialising in analysing software in order to determine whether code has been copied is offering a prize of $200,000 (£154,000) to anyone who can find a secret command in the MS-DOS operating system and conclusively prove that Microsoft copied code from a computing pioneer. Before personal computers became a common mass-market item for consumers, there was computer scientist Gary Kildall. He developed the first high-level programming language for microprocessors called PL/M in 1973, followed by a pioneering computer operating system known as Control Program for Microcomputers (CP/M), which enabled the Intel 8080 processors to control floppy drives. PL/M was picked up and marketed by Intel, but the firm had no interest in CP/M, so eventually Kildall started his own company with his wife, called Digital Research Inc (DRI) to market CP/M to hobbyists who liked to build their own personal computers. But then lots of manufacturers began to licence CP/M, turning it into a standard for personal computers, and Kildall then invented the concept of BIOS, which is a set of simple programs stored on the computer's hardware which enables CP/M to run and support different types of hardware, and by 1981, CP/M was running on 3,000 different computer models. The man who should have been Bill Gates Gary Kildall, a computer scientist who invented a large number of features of the personal computerWikimedia Commons In 1980, Bill Gates suggested that IBM approach DRI and purchase CP/M so that it could be used on the upcoming IBM PC, but the two companies failed to reach an agreement for various reasons, depending on who you ask. Gates was already working to develop the BASIC interpreter and other programs for the IBM PC, and IBM asked him if he could develop an operating system. In the end, Gates came up with an operating system called 86-DOS / QDOS that implemented Kildall's CP/M API and was shipped on IBM machines as PC DOS, and the rest is history. Kildall examined the code of PC DOS and concluded that it definitely did infringe on CP/M's copyright but, was told at the time, the intellectual property law on software was not clear enough for him to sue, so in the end it was PC DOS that made billions because it became essential for running most software, and PC DOS later became MS-DOS. Kildall basically got on with his life and went on to work on a number of exciting technologies including the first computer interface for video disks to allow automatic playback, as well as the file system and data structures for the first consumer CD-ROM. However, he remained resentful towards Bill Gates for losing the IBM deal and mentioned it in his unpublished memoir Computer Connections, which is in the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California. Both Microsoft and IBM have long stated that they definitely didn't do anything wrong, and some IBM executives deny Kildall's most pertinent tale – that he met and shook hands with IBM executives on a deal to ship CP/M during a fateful plane flight to Florida. Now you have a chance to prove Kildall was right all along Kildall was a wealthy man when he died in 1994 due to the other technologies he worked on, but some people in the IT industry still believe that he could have been telling the truth about almost gaining fame and fortune for introducing personal computing to the general masses. There is also a rumour floating around that there is a secret command located in MS-DOS that, if correctly initiated, will cause the operating system to print out a copyright notice in Kildall's name. Bob Zeidman – who courted controversy in 2012 when he used forensic software tools to analyse QDOS (because of a defunct contract consulting for Microsoft) and was unable to find any sign that Microsoft had copied code from Kildall – recently presented a new analysis on MS-DOS using previously unavailable source code that was provided by Microsoft to the Computer History Museum. According to IEEE Spectrum, Zeidman still cannot find any evidence that Microsoft copied any of the code from CP/M, to the extent that he is now challenging the internet to prove him wrong. He is offering a total of $200,000 in prize money – namely $100,000 to anyone who can use "accepted forensic techniques" to prove that the copying took place, and another $100,000 to anyone who is able to discover what the secret command is. Read more about Silicon Valley gossip on IBTimes UK: Silicon Valley tech workers take microdoses of LSD drug to improve problem-solving Steve Jobs Smiled After Getting Google Employee Fired For Trying to Recruit Apple Staff Tech tourism is now a thing – visitors are flocking to Silicon Valley to visit tech giants for fun Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2... Steam Autumn Sale: Black Friday deals on Skyrim, GTA, Call of Duty, Doom and more Big reductions on Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, The Witcher 3 and... Black Friday 2016: Best headphone deals and discounts Black Friday brings money off top headphone and earphone brands like... What is the Snooper's Charter and should you be worried? Here's everything you need to know The Investigatory Powers Bill will be signed into UK law later this... Black Friday: Best washing machine deals and home appliance discounts The biggest and best discounts on home appliance and white goods from... Don't crucify our geeks: Why Lauri Love's extradition is setting a dangerous precedent Accused of hacking FBI and Nasa systems, Love faces the prospect of... Telegram takes on Tumblr and Medium with anonymous blogging tool called Telegraph Ultra-secure blog site supports embedded content, photos and markdown... Sony accused of censoring negative feedback on its Bravia TVs ahead of Black Friday sales rush Sony has reportedly deleted threads raising issues with its 4K Bravia... Tor Phone: Privacy activists developing super private and secure version of Android Tor Project launching new version of Tor-enabled Android phone... Apple and Samsung must block phone use while driving, urge road safety regulators US road safety agency issues guidelines for phone makers to curb... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,285 Reviews & Articles | 53,009 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Reviews Motherboards Socket LGA 2011 ASRock Fatal1ty X99 Pro Gaming i7 Motherboard Review ASRock's Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 motherboard gets reviewed as we check out all its features and just how it performs. By: Steven Bassiri | Socket LGA 2011 in Motherboards | Posted: Aug 9, 2016 4:48 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 91%Manufacturer: ASRock Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 Overview] Page 3 [ASRock Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 Circuit Analysis] Page 4 [ASRock Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 Circuit Analysis Continued] Page 5 [BIOS and Software] Page 6 [Test System Setup] Page 7 [Overclocking] Page 8 [CPU, Memory, and System Benchmarks] Page 9 [System IO Benchmarks] Page 10 [Thermal Imaging and Power Consumption] Page 11 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     ASRock teased us with the X99 Taichi and the Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 motherboards during a Broadwell-E launch event in Taiwan. If its ultra-long name had not made it clear, the Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 is designed for Intel's i7 X99 CPUs. Rather than the white and black color theme of the X99 Taichi, the Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 features a more mainstream red and black aesthetic. While most X99-refresh motherboards feature a U.2 port for Intel's NVM drive, it seems that ASRock decided to add a second Ultra M.2 slot instead since most of the latest drives come in the M.2 form factor.     Interestingly enough, ASRock has decided to opt out of implementing LEDs on its Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7, which might add some points for users who do not care for them. Instead of aiming for the extreme top regarding price and features, ASRock has decided to focus on the mid-range price bracket with its refresh motherboards. Priced very competitively, the Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 is loaded with the latest in features and connectivity. Let's take a look at what ASRock is offering.     Specifications     The ASRock Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 has many high-end features including two Ultra (32Gb/s) M.2 ports, USB 3.1, Wireless AC, Sound Blaster Cinema 3, and many platform features such as USB 3.0 and SATA6Gb/s.     Pricing   The Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 is available from many large retailers for $253.99. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 Overview] Page 3 [ASRock Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 Circuit Analysis] Page 4 [ASRock Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 Circuit Analysis Continued] Page 5 [BIOS and Software] Page 6 [Test System Setup] Page 7 [Overclocking] Page 8 [CPU, Memory, and System Benchmarks] Page 9 [System IO Benchmarks] Page 10 [Thermal Imaging and Power Consumption] Page 11 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You MSI X99A TOMAHAWK Motherboard Review ASUS X99-E-10G WS Workstation Motherboard Review ASUS X99-Deluxe II Motherboard Review MSI X99A Gaming Pro Carbon Motherboard Review Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags ASRock Fatal1ty Intel Intel X99 Broadwell-E motherboard DDR4 Socket 2011-v3 6950X SLI Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samuria Shodown VI compatible for PS4, avaliable Nov. 22 Twitter blocked their CEO's Twitter profile Nintendo Switch listed at $245, to release March 17? New Christmas themed Skylander joins the figurine team Samsung adding advertisements to old TVs through updateView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity use smart backup Trump Towers Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Apartments | Sunny Isles Beach Condos | https://trumptowermiamicondosforsale.com/ BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Antec Cube-Designed by Razer Mini-ITX Chassis Preview 970A-G/3.1 Bios non-responsiveView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Micron, Western Digital Boosted by Chip Trends Both will see stronger sentiment and estimates in the second half but potentially lower profits loom in 2017. August 9, 2016 Pacific Crest Securities Memory demand trends remain positive entering the second quarter, a good sign for Micron Technology and Western Digital. We expect positive memory trends to support both sentiment and estimates for Western Digital (ticker: WDC) and Micron (MU) in the second half. However, as 3D NAND capacity ramps, we could see high bit growth in 2017, which could lower pricing and potentially lower profits. We view... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Durable Growth Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. How Apple Could Bring Back the Flip Phone Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Beware the Great Rotation From Bonds Into Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Abbott Labs CEO Doubles His Stock Holdings Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Eli Lilly Alzheimer's Drug Fails Major Test Trial 2 How Did the Dow Cross 19000? 3 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Amazon and More Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search World Islamic state Islamic State 'calls on jihadists' to target Miss Universe competition in the Philippines Isis terrorists have been attempting to expand their reach into south-east Asia. By Priyanka Mogul August 9, 2016 11:28 BST Miss Philippines Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach waves after being crowned Miss Universe at the 2015 Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas, NevadaReuters Islamic State (Isis) terrorists have called on jihadists to attack the Miss Universe competition being held in the Philippines in January 2017. The call for the terrorist attacks was made through their online networks and directed "everyone who can" to launch an attack on the global beauty pageant. According to SITE Intel Group, which reports on jihadist threats online, a Filipino jihadi telegram channel posted a video on how to make suicide belts. It suggested followers "create [the] bomb for Miss Universe". The call for jihadists addressed "brothers who love martyrdom". The annual beauty pageant is due to be held in the Philippines capital Manila in January 2017. A statement from SITE Intel Group said: "A pro-Islamic State telegram channel posted an explosive belt manufacturing video and a timed hand grenade manual, and suggested to 'create bomb for Miss Universe', referring to the beauty pageant to be held in the Philippines in January 2017." Although the online threats could not be verified, Isis has been expanding its presence in the Philippines and attempting to recruit more jihadist fighters from the country. In June 2016, the terrorist group released its first recruitment video for the Philippines and its neighbouring countries. The following month, Isis launched a newspaper to recruit fighters from south-east Asia. The Al-Fatihin newspaper is published in the Malay language and being distributed in southern Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, Singapore and southern Thailand. Following its launch, Isis released a video declaring the Philippines its caliphate and calling for south-east Asian militants to travel there if they were unable to get to Syria. In the 20-minute video, jihadists from Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines take turns speaking to the camera to pledge their support for Isis. More from IBTimes UK RMT Union plans protest outside Department for Transport amid Southern Rail strike China has built fighter jet hangars in Spratlys, satellite images show Ten people injured after explosion rips through house in Ashton-under-Lyne Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Harrowing emergency call by witness of Jox Cox murder Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE Mysterious ancient rock art unearthed in Jordan's Black Desert The inscriptions tell the story of how life flourished in the desert... 'Grindr Killer' Stephen Port guilty of murdering three men Chef poisoned men with GHB drug after inviting them back to his east... What is the four-finger rule and why doers the government want to ban it? The Digital Economy Bill could see explicit 'BDSM' content banned for... Ancient 'thinking man' jug discovered in Israel Vessel dates to Middle Bronze Age and was found alongside daggers, an... Holocaust Museum 'alarmed' by Nazi salutes during 'alt-right'speech Ethnic cleansing 'began with words' museum says as it calls US... The catapocalypse is here. Feral cats driving species to extinction New control methods must be used to stop feral cats demolishing... Being in a long term-relationship kills sex drive of women Study shows women who were with the same person over seven years... Black Friday 2016: Best Currys PC World deals on TVs and laptops Deals include money off televisions, speakers, headphones,... Black Friday 2016: Best Xbox One Store video game deals Microsoft unleashes its Black Friday bargains for Xbox Live Gold... Black Friday 2016: Best television deals and discounts Round up of the best Black Friday television deals across the UK,... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Cloud Computing Hybrid Infrastructure Transformation Hybrid cloud: Deciding the right mix for your workloads The old public, private, or home school sorting bin 9 Aug 2016 at 08:43, Dave Cartwright Dave Cartwright Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Server, Data Centre Recent Articles Your colleagues will lie to you: An enterprise architect's life Hybrid cloud: Deciding the right mix for your workloads No supercomputer cash? Time for a systems squeeze Blog Anyone who's read much of what I write for The Reg will know that I'm a believer in hybrid cloud – using the cloud for some elements of your world whilst retaining components on-premises too. But precisely which elements? We'll look at how you might decide what belongs where: on-premises, in the private cloud, or in the public cloud. On-premises doesn't really mean that Before we get going it's worth considering what we mean by our terminology. When I talk on-premises I don't, unless you're a big company that can afford suitably protected premises, mean servers and storage in your own office. To me an on-premises system is one that sits in a dedicated area (or at least private, single-client cabinets) in secure data centre to which your office has suitably fast connectivity and which is run by a professional outfit with the appropriate certifications (SOC, PCI-DSS, ISO27001 – the usual suspects). So for on-premises think “self-owned and private”. Private cloud versus on-premises While we're at it, let's also talk about what I mean by private cloud computing. Gartner defines it as: “a form of cloud computing that is used by only one organization, or that ensures that an organization is completely isolated from others”. The most common way I see this implemented is where you layer your own cloud-like installation in your on-premises (i.e. private data centre) installations. Imagine you have a pair of data centres and you build a ESXi/vCloud world that spans them (other virtualization platforms are available … but they're not as good) – that's the type of private cloud I'm used to. Our decision process is, then: what to host as stand-alone systems in the data centre; what to run on a virtual infrastructure in the data centre; and what to put in the cloud. On-premises We'll do this one first because it basically soaks up all the exceptions: my default position is seldom to host something as a stand-alone entity for a number of reasons – the cost of making it resilient, the space it takes, the power it drinks and the relative maintenance effort compared to the alternatives. The usual candidate is unusual platforms. If your architecture choice involves a pile of SPARC-based enterprise servers, or a big IBM Power8 setup, it's a real no-brainer: you need to go out and buy the kit. While you should, as part of the decision process during the design phase, consider proprietary kit against (say) an Intel-based virtualized platform, you shouldn't be obsessed with trying to shoehorn the setup into Intel/ESXi/Hyper-V just because that's what your virtual platform runs on. Yes, you have to be cautious about doing something out of the ordinary because of the potential support skills gap, but if the cost of dealing with another platform is overshadowed by the benefit you get from it, don't shy away from that decision. The other one I've discussed recently with friends and colleagues who run infrastructures is the “I have a socking big transactional database server and it needs to be physical” concept. If I'm being honest, though, I remain to be convinced in most cases that this is true. Yes, you have a box at each site with eight quad-core CPUs, four dual-port Gigabit Ethernet LAN cards, and a pair of Fibre Channel HBAs connecting the storage. But would it really be a big leap of faith to migrate this to a hypervisor-based solution on similar hardware, which perhaps has some advantages (hypervisor-level de-duplicated virtual machine snapshots, with correspondingly simple live backups, for example)? In most cases I've seen this would be enough. I do have a tendency to run backup servers as stand-alone machines in an on-prem setup, though. Two sites, a big box at each, dual 10Gbit/s LAN connections, dedicated backup traffic VLANs in the physical and virtual switches, high-speed backup media that preferably replicates itself between locations. If your virtual environment craps itself, you're in trouble if your backup server was a VM sitting on it. Private cloud One clue as to what I'd put in a private cloud came earlier when I mentioned that your data centre has to have “suitably fast connectivity” to your users. Unless you have very fast connectivity between the office and your chosen public cloud installation, you're likely to want to put things like file servers on the private cloud setups in your data centres. They don't need ridiculous amounts of processing power but they do need some sensible connectivity for the users not to moan, particularly if you're shoving big presentations, documents and spreadsheets around the place. Yes, you can (and should) look to use WAN optimisers to improve the performance between your private world and the public cloud, but raw speed is useful for high-data-flow situations. The other category of system I'd put in the private cloud is systems whose security you really care about. If you're doing highly confidential legal work for a client, the chances are that you feel a lot safer with it in your secure data centre than in a cloud installation. Are you justified in feeling this? Well, yes and no. No, because with modest knowledge and a healthy dose of caution you can configure your public cloud services' networking and firewalling pretty much as securely as a private cloud setup. But yes, because you still have the potential for some numpty to set their management password to passw0rd and make the management interface of the thing insecure. In a public cloud setup you don't get low-level access to log files at the hypervisor level: this means that if a client comes to you and accuses you of allowing their proprietary data to be accessed illicitly in the cloud, you often can't prove that this hasn't happened. And the client confidentiality world is one where you're guilty until proven innocent. Public cloud The public cloud is my first consideration for pretty much everything else. This doesn't mean that I'd necessarily use it for anything else – just that I'd consider it first. I may decide, having weighed it up, that a particular application does in fact live better in the private cloud – but I'd consider public cloud first. There are some apps that I do find tend to gravitate to the cloud. Email's an obvious one (let someone like Microsoft look after it rather than giving me a pile of loud kit and temperamental software, thanks very much), as is web hosting (a decent ISP's hosting centre probably has better DDoS protection than I can achieve on my much thinner Internet connection). Pretty much anything that's internet-facing by design (content filtering, web sites, FTP sites, etc.) often lives more happily in the cloud than on-premises, unless there's a need for fast connectivity from the web-facing DMZ to a back-end system inside the firewall (a concept one would try to avoid anyway for the obvious security reasons). I'm also a bit of a fan of using the cloud for data archiving at the moment, too; if the confidentiality aspects discussed in the previous section can be happily mitigated it's a cheap way to store your data archives and with modern storage virtualization appliances it's simple too. As for other apps: consider each on its merits. Obviously you need to be a bit holistic and look across the portfolio (there's no point putting two apps that need to be tightly coupled in different environments) but be methodical and understand the pros and cons of each location for each app. Summing up In short, then: If it really doesn't fit a virtual environment in either the public or private cloud, don't be frightened to implement it in a physical, on-premises form – but don't forget the overhead of supporting and maintaining a heterogeneous setup. If it doesn't fall into the above but it has to be electronically close to the users, private cloud is Plan A. If it doesn't fall into either of the above then public cloud is Plan A. But don't forget that setups differ: think about each app and don't disregard the alternatives if they do turn out to be favourable in one or more specific situations. Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 10 Comments More from The Register Official: Cloud computing is now mainstream Advanced practitioners display hybrid vigour 11 Comments Cloud Native Computing Foundation adopts Kubernetes Google-derived container code transferred to Foundation as its first project 5 Comments Google cloud in five-hour unplanned cloud outage 2 Comments Canadian govt to cloud providers: Want our business? Stay local, eh If only they were this protective of their hockey teams 21 Comments VSAN users get file access with DataSphere: It's a computing resource 3-way +Comment Primary Data converges files and blocks for VSAN Microsoft boosts PKI, ISO certs to harden Azure cloud Your things can now talk to Azure without spilling secret things Whitepapers How enterprises can achieve their full potential in the age of disruption Winning digital Enabling the Digital Workforce Optimising the employee experience in the digital age Road map for the data driven enterprise Data, data everywhere, and not a drop to…. Hewlett Packard Enterprise cloud is at the center of Deutsche Bank’s digital transformation There’s a change in attitude by financial services firms toward cloud Spotlight The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup How does a hybrid infrastructure fit my accreditations? Roll over Beethoven: HPE Synergy compositions oughta get Meg singing for joy HPE core servers and storage under pressure Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' Stay out of my server room! Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Latest News Dow 19,066 +41.84 +0.22% Nasdaq 5,371 -15.82 -0.29% S&P 500 2,202 -0.95 -0.04% 3:24 P.M. ET Updated The top Black Friday strategies that will land you the best shopping deals 3:20 P.M. ET Updated Stock market’s record November shouldn’t scare off Santa Claus 3:20 P.M. ET How to prepare for Cyber Monday 3:11 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock plunge shaving off about $8.4 bln in market cap 3:10 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock tumbles 10%, heads toward biggest one-day drop since Oct. 9, 2008 3:08 P.M. ET ‘Moana’ rides wave of family film success into potential blockbuster Thanksgiving weekend 3:07 P.M. ET Updated Dow industrials take more than 480 trading days to go from 18,000 to 19,000 3:06 P.M. ET Updated T-Mobile’s accounting slammed by investor group in letter to SEC 3:04 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends lower as traders weigh supply decline, rig count rise and OPEC 3:02 P.M. ET Bed Bath & Beyond expects deal to slightly boost FY16 earnings 3:02 P.M. ET Bed Bath & Beyond agrees to buy PersonalizationMall.com for $190 mln in cash 3:01 P.M. ET Updated Why the sugar rush for stocks isn’t done yet 3:00 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock price target cut to $92 from $102 at Leerink 2:54 P.M. ET Navidea Biopharmaceuticals' stock halted for news pending 2:51 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: The Nikki Haley 2:51 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: Another Judicial Rebuke 2:51 P.M. ET Updated This revolution will continue to hammer energy prices 2:50 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: Crisis in South Korea 2:48 P.M. ET Updated Dollar index hits 13-year high after upbeat U.S. durable-goods data 2:47 P.M. ET Updated Oil futures settle with a modest loss Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Press Release Federated Wireless Joins Effort to Bring Affordable and Reliable Shared Spectrum Based Internet Access to Remote Parts of the World By Published: Aug 9, 2016 2:00 a.m. ET Share Telecom Infra Project Brings Together Facebook, Nokia, Intel, Deutsche Telekom, SK Telecom and Other Leading Technology Companies ARLINGTON, Va., Aug 09, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Federated Wireless, Inc., a developer of cloud-based shared spectrum solutions to extend the access of wireless cellular networks, today announced that it has joined the Telecom Infra Project (TIP). TIP, which was launched by Facebook along with Intel and Nokia, is an engineering-focused initiative aimed at developing innovative new technologies and approaches to building and deploying telecommunications network infrastructure in developing countries and remote locations of developed countries. Federated Wireless will help TIP incorporate shared spectrum into its model. As of the end of 2015, more than 4 billion people were still not connected to the Internet, and 10 percent of the world's population was living outside the range of cellular connectivity. Despite the widespread global adoption of mobile phones over the last 20 years, the cellular infrastructure required to support basic connectivity and more advanced capabilities like broadband is still unavailable or unaffordable in many parts of the world. TIP is aimed at solving that by building an active open source community around WAN access technology development. The TIP open source material is expected to accelerate the implementation, deployment and operation of wireless connectivity by telecommunications operators, entrepreneurs, manufacturers and researchers. “TIP is addressing some of the most pressing technology industry needs to rapidly connect the unconnected and underserved populations,” said Andrew Kurtzman, Executive Director of TIP. “Federated Wireless will join a dynamic membership that is working, towards augmenting the development of powerful new technologies and approaches that will pave the way for better connectivity and richer services.” “TIP is a revolutionary and disruptive way to close the connectivity gap for rural communities and the developing world,” said Sarosh Vesuna, SVP, Corporate Development and Strategic Alliances. “Federated Wireless, through its development efforts, has been working on finding ways to simplify and thus make affordable access to communications and content on the Internet, making our involvement in TIP a logical step towards achieving our shared goals.” TIP’s approximately 200 members include operators, infrastructure providers, system integrators and other technology companies. Its founding members are Facebook, Nokia, Intel, Deutsche Telekom and SK Telecom. Federated Wireless plans to contribute to TIP’s Core and Management Projects group, improving wireless network efficiency and flexibility while reducing expenses and operating costs. More information about Federated Wireless, including the company’s recent filings to the FCC, can be found at www.federatedwireless.com. Federated Wireless is a subsidiary of Allied Minds (ALM). About Federated Wireless Formed in 2012, Federated Wireless, Inc. is developing scalable wireless infrastructure solutions to extend the access of carrier networks. The company’s dynamic Spectrum Access Service (SAS) platform focuses on the distribution of licensed shared spectrum. Its approach incorporates a neural network of radio sensors that allow for interference-free access to low-cost, high-quality licensed spectrum, and breaks down traditional barriers of high-cost, exclusive spectrum. The company’s differentiated business model creates opportunities for more efficient approaches to spectrum. Federated Wireless is headquartered in Arlington, VA with offices in Boston, MA. More information can be found at www.federatedwireless.com. About Allied Minds Allied Minds is a diversified holding company focused on venture creation within the life science and technology sectors. With unparalleled access to hundreds of university and federal labs across the U.S., Allied Minds forms, funds, and operates a portfolio of companies to generate long-term value for its investors and stakeholders. Based in Boston, with nationwide presence in Los Angeles and New York, Allied Minds supports its businesses with capital, central management, and shared services. For more information, please visit www.alliedminds.com . Allied Minds Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements, including statements that relate to the company’s future prospects, developments and strategies. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from current expectations, including, but not limited to, those risk and uncertainties described in the risk factors included in the company’s regulatory filings. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date of this press release. Except as required by law, regulatory requirement, the Listing Rules and the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, neither the company nor any other party intends to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160808005912/en/ SOURCE: Federated Wireless, Inc."> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@fedwireless Federated Wireless, Inc. Ravi Pimplaskar, 703-593-1040 rpimplaskar@federatedwireless.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Billionaire Ron Burkle is buyer behind Bob Hope’s iconic Palm Springs mansion View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate News Melania Trump may be right: Moving in middle of school year could mess up kids View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Antivirus Security Patching Security Windows 10 Anniversary Update crashing under Avast antivirus update Intel Skylake drivers + Avast = kernel panic, BSOD 9 Aug 2016 at 05:26, Darren Pauli Darren Pauli Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Patching, Research, Security , Vulnerabilities, Malware Recent Articles Doing business with Asia? Then worry more about security Major update drops for popular Pwntools penetration showbag Intel douses Wildfire ransomware as-a-service Euro menace Avast has issued a rushed fix to stem blue screen of death action caused by an update that clashed with Windows 10 on some systems. The patched patch fixes a kernel panic caused by conflicts with a Windows 10 Anniversary Update on Intel Skylake Virtualization Technology machines. Microsoft's update sent some machines with Avast newly and already installed into blue screen of death spirals from 2 August, but most users were unaffected. Avast quality assurance director Petr Chytil says a driver configuration caused the unforeseen crash. "While the majority of our users didn’t have a problem, certain HW configurations didn't mix well with the update," Chytil says. "To be specific, when the Windows 10 Anniversary Update was combined with our aswvmm.sys driver on an Intel CPU from the Skylake family with Intel VT enabled in the BIOS, the update resulted in a blue screen of death. "This occurred during upgrades to the Windows 10 Anniversary edition from previous versions of Windows, and during clean installations of Avast Antivirus on systems already running the Anniversary Update." He thanked users for reporting the blue screen of death crashes on its forums helping to speed remediation efforts. The final patches were issued on 5 August. i got the bsod bc of updating avast wow — [muffled]™ (@snowyue7) August 5, 2016 Blue screen of death crashes are a favourite pastime of antivirus engines. Almost all have sent users into kernel panics, with some offing entire enterprise fleets. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 78 Comments More from The Register SAP whacks application cracks, shutters baker's dozen of potential hacks Keeps details behind closed customer-only doors Microsoft and SAP renew business vows in cloud HANA for Microsoft Azure, Office 365 onramp for SAP 3 Comments SAP fixes gaping authentication bypass flaw after 3 YEARS ERPScan reveals wide open door for miscreants 6 Comments Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap Kiwicon Advocates whitelists and other tools that 'genuinely help' security 122 Comments SAP denial-of-service flaw combo poses remote hijack risk Patch, patch, patch SAP patch batch includes fix for 3-year-old info disclosure vuln Better late than never, right? Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight Some! at! Yahoo! knew! about! mega-breach! as! early! as! 2014! Blood donors' privacy anaemic after Red Cross data breach Good luck securing 'things' when users assume 'stuff just works' Democralypse Now? US election first battle in new age of cyberwarfare You've been hacked. What are you liable for? Securing Office 365? There's always more you can do National Cyber Security Centre to shift UK to 'active' defence You call it 'hacking.' I call it 'investigation' Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Prosecutors raid inspection unit controlled by former presidential aide The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Samsung expected to raise capital spending by 120% in H2   Published : 2016-08-09 11:29 Updated : 2016-08-09 17:14 Global chipmaker Samsung Electronics Co. is predicted to raise capital spending by 120 percent in the second half of this year, according to a market researcher IC Insights on Tuesday. Two other semiconductor heavyweights -- Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. and Intel Corp. -- are also forecast to increase their capital spending in the second half, joining a race to boost production lines for vertical NAND memory chips and non-memory chips for smartphone applications.  IC Insights expected Samsung to spend $7.5 billion in facility investment in the second half, compared with $3.4 billion in the first half of this year. TSMC is predicted to spend $6.5 billion in the second half, up 92 percent from the January-June period this year. Intel is forecast to spend $5.8 billion in the second half, up 61 percent from the January-June period, according to IC Insights. Samsung officials have said the company will focus on expanding production lines for vertical NAND memory chips. But Samsung's total capital spending for the semiconductor business this year is likely to fall 15 percent on year to $11 billion, according to the market researcher. (Yonhap) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Prosecutors raid inspection ... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Companies see net profit ri... 4. Terrorism deaths fall in 20... 5. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 6. Dutch prince encourages Kore... 7. SR offers free SRT tickets f... 8. Samsung seeks new growth in ... 9. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 10. State-run LX expands access ... 1. Anger at Park brings out mis... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Justice minister, presidenti... 4. Park's actions warrant impea... 5. K-pop groups soar on Billboa... 6. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 7. Jang’s meddling 8. Recapping a month of Choi s... 9. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 10. Korean dramas escape to fant... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Twitter Facebook Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports PHOTOS All N. Korea K-pop FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines Samsung expected to raise capital spending by 120 pct in H2 2016/08/09 10:28 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, Aug. 9 (Yonhap) -- Global chipmaker Samsung Electronics Co. is predicted to raise capital spending by 120 percent in the second half of this year, according to a market researcher IC Insights on Tuesday. Two other semiconductor heavyweights -- Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC) and Intel Corp. -- are also forecast to increase their capital spending in the second half, joining a race to boost production lines for vertical NAND memory chips and non-memory chips for smartphone applications. IC Insights expected Samsung to spend US$7.5 billion in facility investment in the second half, compared with $3.4 billion in the first half of this year. TSMC is predicted to spend $6.5 billion in the second half, up 92 percent from the January-June period this year. Intel is forecast to spend $5.8 billion in the second half, up 61 percent from the January-June period, according to IC Insights. Samsung officials have said the company will focus on expanding production lines for vertical NAND memory chips. But Samsung's total capital spending for the semiconductor business this year is likely to fall 15 percent on year to $11 billion, according to the market researcher. (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Samsung's iris-reading Note 7 draws attention worldwide Chinese firms expand recruitment of Korean executives China's vociferous reactions over THAAD may hurt its neighborhood diplomacy, leadership ambitions: analysts Conservative lawmakers, inter-Korean experts call for S. Korea's nuke armament Park's planned visit to Russia aims to ease friction over THAAD, bolster bilateral economic ties: analysts Sputtering Korea Inc. faces triple whammy K-pop agencies expect little distraction from Olympics 'Uncontrollably Fond' shows limits of early filming system News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies N.K. Newsletter Vantage Point Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter PICMG COM Express Type 7 includes 10GbE Jeff Munch, ADLINK - Leave a Comment A new COM Express specification developed by the PICMG is soon to be released. One of the upcoming major advancements is the COM Express Type 7 pinout supporting up to four 10GbE-KR interfaces, making it ideally suited for the new edge node servers required by IoT and Industry 4.0 applications. By 2020, it is expected that data created and copied annually (much of it from IoT, cloud, and big data applications) will increase to around 44 zettabytes. That’s 44 trillion gigabytes. In order to minimize traffic between clients, central clouds, and data centers, data should be processed as close as possible to its place of origin or inquiry location. IoT and Industry 4.0 applications need this decentralized capacity to process sensor and measurement data in real time. In particular, data-intensive video streaming applications need local, virtualized systems with multiple cores and larger caches to achieve the required transcoding performance. This is not only relevant for video-on-demand in the telecom segment, but also for medical and security applications. Another important application for edge servers is deep packet inspection, which ensures data security and optimal quality of service. The structure of the network is thus transformed to an infrastructure which uses high-performance edge node servers distributed over the whole network that perform their functions close to the end user, reducing latency and backbone traffic. A high bandwidth of 10GbE is essential for such appliances. Examples of system-on-chip solutions which provide this performance at a relatively low power consumption of 65 watts or less are the Intel Xeon processor D family and the Intel Atom processor C family. ARM designs are also interesting, such as the recently launched AMD Opteron A1100 ARM processor and various PowerPC platforms, such as the QorIQ family from NXP. Developers do not, however, need to decide today which processor is the best platform. They can stay flexible using the new COM Express specification with Type 7 pinout. [Figure 1 | The new Type 7 pinout provides up to four 10GbE-KR ports for bandwidth- and data-intensive designs.] The new Type 7 pinout One of the most fundamental innovations of the COM Express Type 7 pinout is the support of up to four 10GbE interfaces, essential for the next generation of edge node appliances. On the module they are implemented as 10GbE-KR, i.e. as single backplane lanes according to IEEE 802.3, paragraph 49. The physical implementation of the 10GbE interfaces takes place on the carrier board itself. Developers can define the signal transmission as optical (SFP+), copper cable (T). This provides flexibility for new designs. [Figure 2 | The new Type 7 pinout provides up to 4x 10GbE-KR for bandwidth- and data-intensive designs.] To a large degree, the Type 7 pinout follows that of Type 6. To create the capacity for up to four 10GbE interfaces, the signal lines of the digital display interfaces (DDIs) on the CD connector of the Type 6 pinout are used. Since most new edge node appliances do not require high-resolution, multi-screen outputs, multiple DDI interfaces are not needed for these applications. For local management and maintenance consoles, the eDP/LVDS interface is still available and located on the AB connector. If developers wish to retain DDI, a hybrid solution with 2x 10GbE and a DDI interface will be supported by the specification. Together with the eDP/LVDS interface on the AB connector, solutions that offer both high network and video performance are also possible. No change is expected to the existing 1 GbE port on the Type 6 AB connector. However, there are discussions on expanding this port to 10GbE, including the physical definition and PHY for 10GBASE-T. This matter can only be decided when conventional non-server processors such as the Intel Core processor family have comprehensively integrated 10GbE including PHY, which is not likely to take place before 2018. 1U with up to 10 modules With COM Express Type 7, the benefits of the COM Express specification are made available to new, high-bandwidth, data-intensive edge node server applications. Thanks to the core-module design concept and standardized pinout, system design becomes independent of processor technology. Systems can be upgraded with a simple module exchange. And thanks to its compact dimensions, COM Express modules enable a high packing density: 10 modules can be integrated in a 1U enclosure, providing a maximum combined data transfer rate of 0.4 terabits per second. The modular COM Express design makes this type of solution highly flexible and scalable, minimizes development costs, and shortens time-to-market. OEMs also gain more design security and can use their designs for longer, thereby increasing their return on investment. [Figure 3 | ADLINK COM Express Type 7 block diagram. Check the ADLINK website for updated product information.] Further upgrades ADLINK has played a leading role in the PICMG subcommittee that is currently defining the new COM Express 3.0 specification. The new specification, which benefitted from the technical contributions of several key PICMG member companies, is expected to become available at the end Q2 2016, with the Type 7 CD connector pin assignment expected to be released at the end of Q1 to allow vendors to begin working on new designs. The COM Express Rev. 3.0 specification will include both the new Type 7 pinout as well as expected changes to existing pinout types to address minor issues and to migrate from the legacy LPC bus to the eSPI bus. The group is also trying to achieve greater unification on the AB connector between the existing Type 6 and Type 10 pinouts in order to simplify design considerations for manufacturers. Jeff Munch, Chief Technology Officer of ADLINK, has been Chairman of most PICMG COM Express subcommittees since 2009. In this role he has headed the last five of seven COM Express initiatives, including COM Express Type 7, and has brought together companies such as Advantech, Congatec, Kontron, MSC/Avnet and Intel. Topics covered in this article edge node kontron Cloud picmg IoT Advertisement[x] Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Sat, 12 Nov 2016 00:29:50 +0000
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Azul Systems announces Zulu Embedded with expanded support for 32- and 64-bit microprocessors Azul Systems - Leave a Comment 100 percent open source OpenJDK builds targeting embedded and IoT markets supports 32-bit ARM processors immediately, with PowerPC and MIPS added to the Zulu Embedded roadmap. SUNNYVALE, Calif. -- Azul Systems (Azul), the award-winning leader in Java runtime solutions, today announced Zulu Embedded with expanded support for multiple 32 and 64-bit embedded processors. Zulu Embedded, Azul's 100% open source Java Virtual Machine (JVM) based on OpenJDK, now includes support for ARM, Intel, PowerPC and MIPS processors. With today’s announcement, Azul is highlighting its full embedded Java SE roadmap, which spans a variety of processor architectures and operating systems, offers exceptional performance via optimized JIT compilation, supports various form factors and compact profiles, and provides a pure open source, standards-compliant solution for embedded Java. Zulu Embedded brings a variety of choices to product teams and manufacturers who integrate Java for their embedded and IoT-centric designs. Java is used virtually everywhere in the embedded world, ranging from manufacturing and logistics to security, networking, wireless, mobile and many other embedded applications. Fully-supported Zulu Embedded builds of OpenJDK for 32-bit ARM are now available immediately, with builds supporting 32-bit PowerPC processors to be delivered in Q3 2016, plus 64-bit ARM v8 support in Q1 2017. Azul is also working with Cavium on Zulu Embedded support for 64-bit versions of the MIPS processor architecture. Zulu Embedded has supported both 32 and 64-bit x86 processors since its initial launch in early 2015. “Highly efficient 32-bit ARM processors power a diverse range of embedded applications in automotive, TV, gateways, payment systems, and more," said Dominic Pajak, Marketing Director, Embedded Segments, ARM. "OpenJDK-based products like Zulu Embedded greatly enhance the Java development experience and add to the wide choices in the ARM ecosystem.” “Azul’s Java expertise is well recognized in the industry, and the commitment to bring Zulu JVM to 64-bit ARMv8 and MIPS architectures will accelerate the efficiency and optimization of Java for Cavium customers,” said Larry Wikelius, Vice President Software Ecosystem and Solutions, Cavium. “Java based applications continue to be critical to our OCTEON® and ThunderX® installed base and Zulu will provide the commercial options that many end users require. Azul is a welcome addition to Cavium’s thriving software ecosystem partner community.” “Java is a key enabling technology for the Internet of Things,” said Christian Renaud, Research Director, Internet of Things, 451 Research. “Many IoT applications demand real-time performance, and Zulu Embedded’s new support of 32-bit ARM architecture enables a number of opportunities and new applications in smart grid, healthcare, transportation, and many other applications.” “Canonical and Azul are working together to ensure that Java developers building IoT solutions for Ubuntu Core can easily package their applications as snaps and incorporate Zulu Embedded using the new snapcraft tooling,” said Maarten Ectors, VP of IoT at Canonical. "The Eclipse Foundation's Internet of Things Working Group has a number of Java-based open source IoT projects that will benefit from running on Zulu Embedded for 32-bit ARM processors. Zulu Embedded will be an important open source option for Java developers building IoT solutions," said Mike Milinkovich, Executive Director of Eclipse Foundation. “Today’s announcement of the immediate availability of Zulu Embedded with support for 32-bit ARM processors and our extended embedded roadmap highlight Azul’s role as the industry’s leading provider of multi-platform, open source Java solutions,” said Scott Sellers, Azul Systems president and CEO. “The embedded and IoT markets are exploding with new products and devices, and Zulu Embedded provides the industry’s only open source, standards compliant solution for Java for these markets. By offering a wide range of processor and operating system support, and delivering customized builds to meet specific embedded requirements, Zulu Embedded is quickly become the de facto standard for developing and commercializing Java-based solutions in the embedded, maker and IoT markets.” For more details about Azul’s Embedded OpenJDK roadmap, or to request specific builds and support plans, please contact the Azul Systems Embedded team at zulu-embedded@azul.com. To learn more about Zulu Embedded and to download complete JDKs, visit www.azul.com/zulu-embedded. About Azul Systems @azulsystems Azul Systems, the industry's only company exclusively focused on Java and the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), builds fully supported, certified standards-compliant Java runtime solutions that bring the power of Java to the enterprise, the embedded community and the IoT. Zing is a JVM designed for enterprise Java applications and workloads that require any combination of low latency, high transaction rates, large working memory, and/or consistent response times. Zulu is Azul's certified, freely available open source build of OpenJDK with a variety of flexible enterprise and embedded support options, including custom configurations for embedded and IoT use cases. For additional information, visit www.azul.com. Topics covered in this article embedded world embedded java smart grid Important software wireless ubuntu Java arm Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 18 Nov 2016 19:45:50 +0000
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 6 0 0 Go Register Log In Crucial Ballistix Sport DDR4 16GB Memory Review Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Crucial Ballistix Elite 3000MHz and 3200MHz DDR4 RAM review Crucial Ballistix Tactical DDR4 RAM review Corsair Neutron XTi 480GB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio for Desktop 6TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Micron 9100 MAX 2.4TB NVMe Enterprise SSD Review – The New Performance Champion Toshiba OCZ RD400 M.2 NVMe SSD Review Home News Avast issues emergency patch for Windows 10 Anniversary Update BSOD issues Posted 08 August 2016 19:47 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff Antivirus vendor Avast has issued an emergency patch for its antivirus software because users received Blue Screens of Deaths (BSODs) after installing the Windows 10 Anniversary Update. The first reports about the issue appeared on the Avast forums on the 3rd of August, when the Windows 10 Anniversary Update was released. The antivirus company discovered that the issue is related to Intel Skylake CPUs and released a first emergency patch the next day after Windows 10 Anniversary update was released. The company also made modifications to the online installation application. The culprit was an Avast driver that didn’t properly work together with Intel Skylake CPUs with Intel Virtualization Technology (Intel VT) enabled. Avast has stated its currently investigating why the issue wasn’t detected earlier. Users of Avast antivirus software who want to use it together with the Windows 10 Anniversary Update are advised to install the antivirus software through the installation downloader tool that requires an internet connection. The offline version of the antivirus versions are updated later and might therefore not contain the appropriate fixes yet. Avast has posted information on their website for users who were affected by the Avast-Skylake issues. Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: avast windows 10 Native Z170 Hyper M.2 vs PCIe3 M.2 Toshiba NFC 32GB SDHC Memory Card Review and Flashair Update Microsoft issues emergency patch for actively exploited vulnerability Avast update mistakenly detects Windows system files as malware coolcolors MyCE Resident Posted on: 08 Aug 16 19:38 Quote: Originally Posted by DoMiN8ToR We've just posted the following news: Avast issues emergency patch for Windows 10 Anniversary Update BSOD issues[newsimage]http://www.myce.com/wp-content/image...LOGO-95x75.jpg[/newsimage] Read the full article here: http://www.myce.com/news/avast-issue...-issues-80152/ Please note that the reactions from the complete site will be synched below. More reason to dump Avast.... 0 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads hosts filecholla, last post: Zzyzxroad 309 DVD Writer or Blu-Ray Reader/Writer For Reading Bad DVD's?meeshu, last post: opieant 22 New! DVDFab 10.0.1.0 is out first official releaseILLP, last post: Lucy_dvdfab 7 Change write strategy for CDsanyolc, last post: Albert 19 Difference between two optical pickupsjeffy86able, last post: Albert 7 You've got to read this! DVD-Ranger reports discovery of new Cinavia variant on Blu-ray of Mechanic: Resurrection Fri 18 Nov 06:11 by DoMiN8ToR DVD-Ranger reports he found a new variant of the Blu-ray audio watermark copy protect... Crucial Ballistix Sport DDR4 16GB Memory Review Sun 20 Nov 04:11 by Wendy Robertson &nbsp; Review: Crucial Ballistix Sport 2400MHz DDR4 Revie... Google security engineers: antivirus scanners are pretty much useless Thu 17 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google's senior security engineer Darren Bilby has stated virus scanners are pretty much u... Seagate reveals world's first 2.5" external HDD with 5TB capacity Wed 16 Nov 06:11 by DoMiN8ToR Seagate has revealed its external Backup Plus external HDDs with a capacity of up to 5TB. ... Rumor: Microsoft and HP developing consumer Windows Phone together Mon 21 Nov 06:11 by DoMiN8ToR The German website Dr. Windows reports that HP and Microsoft are working together on a new... Latest Comments Then don't buy Philips any more - it's that simple! No great loss. The functionality of &quot;Smart&quot; TV's of this... There are no good reasons to require these restrictions to view 4k video. ... Quote: Originally Posted by... Universal I/O ports just seems like a lazy way of doing things that can... It's good that HP doesn't have to care too much about the success of this... It's the biggest hacking playground every created. Can't believe that... Universal I/O audio sockets are a great idea - no more fumbling around,... What's going on? Millennium12 added a forum post to Philips removes smart TV functionality from high-end 2009 models czary2mary1 added a forum post to Plextor PX-891SAF PLUS czary2mary1 added a forum post to Plextor PX-891SAF PLUS czary2mary1 added a forum post to Plextor PX-891SAF PLUS czary2mary1 added a forum post to Plextor PX-891SAF PLUS Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > General Hardware Intermittent switching off User Name Remember Me? Password General Hardware Want to talk about anything Hardware related? This is the place, you can discuss it here.   Thread Tools Display Modes Intermittent switching off   (#1) AgentOrange Newbie   Videocard: Giga GTX 980Ti Xtreeeme Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: Giga Z68 Memory: GSkill Ripjaws DDR3 16GB Soundcard: Turtle Beach Z60's PSU: Thermaltake 850W Intermittent switching off - 08-08-2016, 11:15 | posts: 31 | Location: Sydney, Aus Hey guys, Long time reader and there are so many gurus here that I'm hoping someone might be able to help with an issue I'm having with my PC. I have a pretty awesome gaming rig that I love and am a fairly savvy enthusiast but it has me stumped. My system consists of a Giga Z68XP-UD3, i7 3770k with an Intel closed-loop water cooler, 16GB GSkill DDR3 1866mhz, a Thermaltake Toughpower 850w Gold PSU, a Giga 980Ti Xtreme, a 128GB Sata SSD boot drive, 2 X 2TB Seagate storage drives with one of them (the one games are installed on) using a 64GB SSD as an Intel Rapid Storage Technology cache drive, all enclosed in a white Corsair 760T, and an Acer CB280HK 4K monitor. Im providing as much detail as I can to assist in the troubleshooting! (Haven't updated my sig for a while by the way) Recently, at very intermittent times, the system will just, without any warning, turn itself off. Most often its while playing a game, but it has happened while browsing the web and on the desktop. Its so random that I cannot work out where the problem lies. I have looked in Windows reliability history which just shows the computer was shut down incorrectly. I also changed the Startup and Recovery setting where on system failure the PC should not automatically shutdown, hoping for a blue screen to see an error message. The system still just turns off randomly and without warning. Plus, I cant find the dump file its supposed to create. I have also tried using the second PCI-E slot for my GPU, running with peripherals removed, removing RAM sticks, but it still occurs. I havent tried using the integrated graphics yet (cant bring myself to!), but I suppose I should? The GPU is only about 9 months old  I know problems can still happen though. Its very intermittent and I have been getting by, but I would like to know where the problem is so that if I upgrade my motherboard, RAM, and CPU combo, it wont still happen! I dont think its the PSU because its only a couple of years old, gold rated and pretty good quality. I was, however, running 2 X R9 290s on it for a while which may have pushed it to limits, but its now on a much more efficient single 980Ti, and the system still boots fine and so on. So Im personally thinking its the motherboard as its the oldest component, and it was fairly budget to start with. But its so random that I dont know if its a corrupt sector, RAM issue, processor problem, argh! Im looking at upgrading my motherboard, RAM and CPU anyway but again, Id like to not have the problem occur again if I do. Any assistance would be greatly appreciated! Please let me know if you need any more info and I will happily provide it. Im sure theres more I probably need to troubleshoot and provide. I know it's hard so I'm not expecting much, just trying my luck. Thanks guys. Adrian     AgentOrange View Public Profile Find all posts by AgentOrange     (#2) Extraordinary Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX980 SC ACX2.0 4GB Processor: FX-8350 @ 4.8GHz / H100i Mainboard: ASUS Crosshair V Formula Memory: 12GB 2133 G.Skill Soundcard: Creative SB1040 7.1 PSU: Corsair RM1000 08-08-2016, 11:29 | posts: 16,174 | Location: 127.0.0.1 I'd go with PSU or possibly CPU overheating but I guess you'd have checked the latter I ran a TX950 PSU and the 295X2 which is essentially 2 x 290Xs, and fairly soon afterwards the PSU popped, it was old though (4 years) I'd try another PSU first, if there are no logs, it sounds like something a PSU could cause     Extraordinary View Public Profile Find all posts by Extraordinary   (#3) AgentOrange Newbie   Videocard: Giga GTX 980Ti Xtreeeme Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: Giga Z68 Memory: GSkill Ripjaws DDR3 16GB Soundcard: Turtle Beach Z60's PSU: Thermaltake 850W 08-08-2016, 11:49 | posts: 31 | Location: Sydney, Aus Thanks for the prompt response, and yeah, the temps are all good. From another forum the PSU is looking most likely, what a bugger. But it may still have warranty which is good though.     AgentOrange View Public Profile Find all posts by AgentOrange   (#4) Extraordinary Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX980 SC ACX2.0 4GB Processor: FX-8350 @ 4.8GHz / H100i Mainboard: ASUS Crosshair V Formula Memory: 12GB 2133 G.Skill Soundcard: Creative SB1040 7.1 PSU: Corsair RM1000 08-08-2016, 11:56 | posts: 16,174 | Location: 127.0.0.1 Good luck with the warranty, but on the bright side at least it hasn't taken anything else out with it, if it is the PSU, my Dads popped and took out his GPU with it     Extraordinary View Public Profile Find all posts by Extraordinary     (#5) AgentOrange Newbie   Videocard: Giga GTX 980Ti Xtreeeme Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: Giga Z68 Memory: GSkill Ripjaws DDR3 16GB Soundcard: Turtle Beach Z60's PSU: Thermaltake 850W 08-08-2016, 12:04 | posts: 31 | Location: Sydney, Aus Ooh that sucks! With my 980Ti I would be gutted if that were to occur. I just remembered I have my old 650w psu in my garage which I will try out and report back. Thanks again man.     AgentOrange View Public Profile Find all posts by AgentOrange   (#6) Extraordinary Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX980 SC ACX2.0 4GB Processor: FX-8350 @ 4.8GHz / H100i Mainboard: ASUS Crosshair V Formula Memory: 12GB 2133 G.Skill Soundcard: Creative SB1040 7.1 PSU: Corsair RM1000 08-08-2016, 12:06 | posts: 16,174 | Location: 127.0.0.1 Luckily it wasn't anything high end, he's not a gamer, and still had onboard, his exact words were "Wow, I don't have an annoying fan noise anymore!"     Extraordinary View Public Profile Find all posts by Extraordinary   (#7) Valken Maha Guru   Videocard: HIS 6950 2GB CFX unlocked Processor: Intel i7-4970k Mainboard: Asrock Z97 OC Formula Memory: 32GB G.Skill 2400 CL10 Soundcard: ALC1150 + X-Fi MB3 PSU: Corsair RM1000 08-08-2016, 13:22 | posts: 1,060 My friend had the same problem now when he had the PC case closed with the side fan blowing in. Turns out to be moisture due to the humidity. When the PC was not really in heavy use the humid air cooled down enough so condensation built up. Opened the case, blew a dehumidify into the MB and component area for 20-30 mins while PC was off, A/C full on on dehumid mode. Then PC came back on. Ever since it has no issues so long as he keeps the room fairly dry. The other issue may be PSU or MB going bad due to lighting spikes or surges which had happened to my system about a year ago. Brownout the PSU which was also a Corsair RX850 but it kept going until the MB shorted out. Replaced PSU, CPU, MB and RAM with new parts. Check the cable from the PSU to the MB. Make sure both connectors are super clean and no dark spots. CPU and rest of the parts should / would not burn out due to all the power regulation on the MB. The MB would go before the other parts. Usually.     Valken View Public Profile Find all posts by Valken   (#8) AgentOrange Newbie   Videocard: Giga GTX 980Ti Xtreeeme Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: Giga Z68 Memory: GSkill Ripjaws DDR3 16GB Soundcard: Turtle Beach Z60's PSU: Thermaltake 850W 08-08-2016, 14:51 | posts: 31 | Location: Sydney, Aus Thanks for your input, Valken. I've swapped the actual power lead into the PC as well as checked the cables from the PSU to MB and they all look good to the naked eye. I clean out dust every few months and it all does look generally spick and span - no black spots or anything like that anywhere. I'm going to test my spare PSU tomorrow hopefully and will report back. Thanks guys.     AgentOrange View Public Profile Find all posts by AgentOrange   (#9) AgentOrange Newbie   Videocard: Giga GTX 980Ti Xtreeeme Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: Giga Z68 Memory: GSkill Ripjaws DDR3 16GB Soundcard: Turtle Beach Z60's PSU: Thermaltake 850W 08-10-2016, 14:08 | posts: 31 | Location: Sydney, Aus Pretty much 100% sure it was the PSU now as my spare one hasn't missed a beat. So there you go! I didn't think it was initially! Anyway it's got a five year warranty so I'll be putting a claim in. Still wouldn't mind upgrading my mobo - I know it won't do much for performance but it will allow compatibility with newer tech such as m2 drives and so on. Thanks for the responses, it really does help to bounce ideas off people!     AgentOrange View Public Profile Find all posts by AgentOrange « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Jump to navigation Advertisement News for the Open Source Professional Login / Create Account Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Feeds Brought to you by News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs Dustin Kirkland August 8, 2016 Howdy, Ubuntu on Windows! How Fast Is It? linux-on-windows-dustin-kirkland-firefly.jpg Canonical developer Dustin Kirkland is a space cowboy on the great Ubuntu-on-Windows frontier. Used with permission My primary laptop is a Lenovo x250, with an Intel i7-5600U CPU, 16GB of RAM, a 512GB Transcend SSD, and a 2TB Samsung SSD.  Let’s run some benchmarks on the CPU, Memory, Disk, and Network. We’ll first run each test in Ubuntu running natively on the hardware, and then reboot, and run the same benchmarks on the same machine running Ubuntu on Windows. We’ll use the utilities sysbench, dd and iperf, as well as compile the Linux kernel to do our benchmarking.  If you want to reproduce these tests, you may need to: sudo apt install sysbench iperf CPU To execute our CPU benchmark, we ran the following: sysbench --num-threads=4 --test=cpu run And, we see almost identical results!  Basically 2.8 seconds to run 10,000 CPU instructions, in both cases (Ubuntu on Windows was ever so slightly faster, in fact, in these runs).  For CPU bound workloads, Ubuntu on Windows should perform just as well as Ubuntu running natively on hardware: Memory To execute our Memory benchmark, we ran the following: sysbench --num-threads=4 --test=memory run Here, we’re moving 100G of data through memory.  Native Ubuntu was able to move data through memory at 4,253 MB/s, while Ubuntu on Windows worked at 2,309 MB/s.   This difference exposes a bit of a difference in the IO performance of the two systems.  When dealing in heavy IO, Ubuntu on Windows does involve a bit more overhead. Disk For our disk performance test, we ran the following command: dd if=/dev/zero of=testfile bs=1G count=1 oflag=dsync Basically, we’re writing a 1GB file of zero’s, synchronously, to disk.  Interestingly, the native Ubuntu test yields about 147 MB/s average write speed to disk, while the Ubuntu on Windows environment average 248 MB/s write speed to disk!  How is that possible?  Well, it’s a bit of trickery on the Windows part.  The flag that we’re sending the dd command, oflag=dsync, is supposed to guarantee synchronous writes to disk -- ensuring that every single byte is in fact written to disk and not cached in a buffer in memory.  While we used that same flag on the Windows test, it seems that Windows doesn’t yet know what to do with that flag.  It seems pretty clear that the Ubuntu on Windows writes are not entirely synchronous to disk.   Network Next, we’ll test network throughput.  Specifically, we’re testing TCP bandwidth, using the iperf utility.  I’m running an iperf server on an Ubuntu machine hardwired to a Gigabit network: iperf -s And we’re going to connect the iperf client from the native Ubuntu machine, and the Ubuntu on Windows machines: iperf -c The native Ubuntu machine averaged 935 Mbps, while the Ubuntu on Windows average 805 Mbps of bandwidth. Linux Kernel Compilation Finally, let’s take a tried and true performance benchmark at every Linux developer is familiar with -- let’s build the kernel!  The beauty of this sort of test is that it includes lots of CPU number crunching (compilation) as well as tons of disk reads (loading libraries and source files) and disk writes (binary output).  It’s much closer to “real world” use cases than some of the academic benchmarks we’ve run above. To reproduce these tests, you’ll need to: sudo apt install git build-essential git clone https://github.com/torvalds/linux.git cd linux make defconfig time make -j 4 Note that we’re using the default configuration for the build (defconfig), and we’re telling the compiler to use 4 CPUs (-j 4), since my Intel i7 is dual-core, hyperthreaded. The native Ubuntu build took 5 minutes and 38 seconds, while the Ubuntu on Windows build took 8 minutes 47 seconds.  I discussed this with the Windows developers and they suggested re-running the tests with Windows Defender disabled (just for testing -- don’t do this long term, as Windows Defender detects malware).  I wasn’t able to re-run the test in time to publish this post, but perhaps some of our motivated readers will reproduce the tests here and post their results! Conclusion The Windows Subsystem for Linux is nothing shy of amazing.  Tremendous credit goes to the entire Microsoft team working on this technology.  When coupled with Ubuntu, WSL really shines, bringing tens of thousands of open source utilities directly to the Windows desktop command shell. From a performance perspective, CPU and Network bound processes will perform nearly identically in Ubuntu on Windows, as native Ubuntu on bare metal.  For heavily cached disk IO operations, Ubuntu on Windows might even outperform native Ubuntu on bare metal.  But for heavily randomized reads and writes, and memory heavy operations, Ubuntu on Windows does introduce a bit of overhead that might be noticeable in some developer workloads. In any case, Ubuntu on Windows is a fantastic bridge between two worlds.  Two worlds, that will learn a lot from one another.  I’m proud to live in a new world where those two worlds are one. Cheers, Dustin Read previous articles in the series: Howdy, Ubuntu on Windows! An Intro From Canonical's Dustin Kirkland Howdy, Ubuntu on Windows! Getting Started Howdy, Ubuntu on Windows! Ubuntu Commands Every Windows User Should Learn Howdy, Ubuntu on Windows! Write and Execute Your First Program Howdy, Ubuntu on Windows! Writing for Compiled Languages Learn more about Running Linux Workloads on Microsoft Azure in this on-demand webinar with guest speaker Ian Philpot of Microsoft. Watch Now >>    Log in or register to post comments Print This Like  (2 likes) Click Here! Advertisement Training See all LFS452 Essentials of OpenStack Administration December 5, 2016 Learn more LFD401 Developing Applications for Linux ENEA December 5, 2016 Learn more LFS426 Linux Performance Tuning December 5, 2016 Learn more Newsletter Related Jobs Linux / Cloud Administrator Senior Cloud Administrator Cloud Architect Vblock (and vCAC) OpenStack Engineer See all Jobs Jobs provided in partnership with Dice.com News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs About Linux.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Contact The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium enabling collaboration and innovation through an open source development model. Learn More © 2016 The Linux Foundation
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Renesas Bounces Back, But How High? SLIDESHOW: 15 Views of Printed Electronics NEWS & ANALYSIS: Macom Buys Applied for Comms BLOG: Smart Home Needs Data Standards BLOG: Prime Your Brain for Brilliant Ideas at ESC Silicon Valley SPONSORED: Free Shipping Worldwide for all orders of $499 or more. News & Analysis Big Three Chipmakers Likely to Boost Capex Alan Patterson 8/8/2016 08:01 AM EDT 1 Comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet TAIPEI — The big three chipmakers — Intel, Samsung and TSMC — are likely to increase capital expenditures during the second half of this year while the rest of the semiconductor industry tightens the belt, according to a market research firm. The top-three companies will probably spend $20 billion for capex, representing a 90 percent increase from the first half of 2016, IC Insights said in a report emailed to EE Times on August 4. The companies will need to boost spending later this year to meet full year capex targets, according to the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company. “In contrast to the ‘Big 3’ spenders, capital outlays by the rest of the semiconductor suppliers are forecast to shrink by 16 percent in the second half of this year as compared to the first half,” the IC Insights report said. “In total, 2016 second-half semiconductor industry capital spending is expected to be up 20 percent over first-half 2016 outlays, setting up a busy period for semiconductor equipment suppliers through the end of this year.” The boost in spending is likely to widen the technology gap between the big three chipmakers and their smaller competitors. Samsung, Intel and TSMC are so far the only semiconductor companies to have announced plans to ramp up production of geometries in the 10nm range and adopt EUV lithography in the next few years. Combined, the big three spenders are forecast to account for 45 percent of the total semiconductor industry outlays this year, according to IC Insights. A table of each company’s actual spending during the first half this year and IC Insight’s capex forecast is as follows: (Chart: IC Insights) Click here for larger image In total, IC Insights forecasts that semiconductor industry capital spending will increase by only 3% this year after declining by 2% in 2015. With many chipmakers moving to fab-lite business models and continued growth in fabless companies, wafer foundries have gone from representing just 12% of total industry capex spending in 2008 to what is expected to be 34% of worldwide capital outlays in 2016, according to IC Insights.  Flash memory is the second largest industry segment for capex, projected to account for about 16% ($15.7 billion) of the total expenditures in 2016, the company added. —Alan Patterson covers the semiconductor industry for EE Times. He is based in Taiwan. Email This Print Comment More Related Links ST's Bozotti on 'Back-to-Silicon' Differentiation Oxygen Layer May Extend Moore's Law One-Nanometer Transistor Demonstrated BrainChip Appoints Former Exar CEO to Lead Company NXP Rides Growing Motor Control MCUs Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Reuse for 7nm resistion   8/8/2016 6:19:54 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate 7nm should be mainly reuse at least for next three years. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/23/2016 3:10:25 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 3:10:25 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 3:10:19 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 2:52:48 PM David_Ashton_EC You mentioned the Adani group.  These guys are not well regarded in Australia.  They are trying to open a huge new coal mine in Queensland that alone wiill prevent Australia... 11/23/2016 2:31:25 PM 2Torr When replacing tantalum caps with MLCCs, one should consider more than just matching the capacitor value. Matching the ESRs can also be very important, depending on the application... 11/23/2016 1:40:34 PM Ed SV The Conflict-Free Sourcing Initative (CFSCI) is an organization that supports efforts to remove illegal and illegitimate sourcing of tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold from from... 11/23/2016 1:20:33 PM VicVat Video surveillance confirmed it was a mistake to let HR hire the "debug specialist" for the lab. 11/23/2016 1:18:31 PM Andy.Keates Printed batteries have their place. Their specs may limit their use in some devices. You can't replace them. If cycle life is poor, or self-discharge is high the device may fail.... 11/23/2016 12:43:59 PM Some Guy I'm not worried. Like RFID's in your passport, microwave technology is here to help. Finally, if advertising is your only answer, I again assert: you aren't being creative enough... 11/23/2016 12:40:32 PM MWagner_MA 640K...yep, you got me there :-)...   If I was Unilever, I would do the same thing.  As a consumer, I'll fight it until my last breath :-) Navigate to Related Links ST's Bozotti on 'Back-to-Silicon' Differentiation Oxygen Layer May Extend Moore's Law One-Nanometer Transistor Demonstrated BrainChip Appoints Former Exar CEO to Lead Company NXP Rides Growing Motor Control MCUs Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 86 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  66   Why, Windows 10, Why?  51   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  45   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  41   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  13   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  8   15 Views of Printed Electronics  6   Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC  5   Intels Nervana Attacks GPUs  4   Bosch CEO: Hanging on to Lead  2   Project volume hides Indias solar reality  1   Smartphone-Bound VR/AR to Be Boosted by Lasers  1   Macom Buys Applied for Comms  1   Top 20 IC Ranking: Apple Rises Most Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon

Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 8 August 2016 | MYT 10:30 AM AMD hopes to redeem itself with focus on virtual reality by thomas lee Banking on VR: AMD wants to move beyond gaming to corporate uses of VR, especially in industries like retail, health care and education. — Reuters There was a time in the not so distant past when the arrival of a next-generation microchip for a personal computer created as much as buzz as the release of a new iPhone.  But as people shifted from personal computers to mobile devices like smartphones and tablets, chipmakers like Advanced Micro Devices were left in the dust, grasping for both sales and relevance as companies like Apple and Samsung developed chips.  However, AMD sees a redemption of sorts in virtual reality, an emerging technology that allows a user to seemingly interact with digital 3D images.  If AMD failed to grasp the importance of mobile devices, the Sunnyvale company is determined not to repeat the same mistake with VR. Last year, AMD created a new division, the Radeon Technologies Group, dedicated to developing low-cost graphics cards that can convert a personal computer into a VR video game machine on par with a PlayStation or Xbox console.  More importantly, AMD wants to move beyond gaming to corporate uses of VR, especially in industries like retail, health care and education.  "When we look at the market five or 10 years from now, the world we are going to live in will be surrounded by millions and millions of pixels," said Raja Koduri, a former Apple executive recruited by AMD to run Radeon. "Our vision is that we want to be the engine that powers all of those pixels."  During the 1990s and early 2000s, AMD battled Intel in Santa Clara to produce the best-performing PC chips. It was a fierce if one-sided rivalry, because Intel dominated the PC market. But AMD proved to be a feisty competitor both in the marketplace and the courts, as the two took turns suing each other for copyright infringements and allegations of unfair business practices.  But both companies failed to recognise the growing popularity of mobile devices. As PC sales sunk, so too did the fortunes of the chipmakers, especially AMD. The company's stock now trades around under US$7 (RM28.19) per share, compared with over US$40 (RM161.09) a decade ago.  Last year proved to be particularly tough for AMD. Revenue from computing and graphics, the company's bread-and-butter business, plummeted 42% from 2014 to US$1.8bil (RM7.24bil). As a result, the division reported a loss of US$502mil (RM2.02bil).  But as VR began to take off, AMD saw an opportunity to piggyback its strong reputation in gaming to jump on the new technology. The first step was to create Radeon and hire Koduri away from Apple, where he oversaw graphics.  It seems odd for someone to leave a powerhouse like Apple to join a struggling firm like AMD. But Koduri told me that AMD is committed to building the best graphics possible, but that Apple didn't give it as much priority.  "At Apple, we only built things internally when we could find it externally," Koduri said. Co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs "was like a chef that assembled the best meal for you, but those ingredients didn't need be in your backyard. AMD, though, is investing in uncharted territory."  Most PCs aren't equipped to run VR video games because they lack the power to process the graphics. So people would need to buy a graphics card that cost US$400 (RM1,610) or more. But in June, AMD introduced a graphics card that costs less than US$200 (RM805).  According to the company, it will provide a VR experience on par with high-end computers and video game consoles – though AMD is competing with the likes of Nvidia, a graphics chipmaker in Santa Clara that has a following among avid video game players and is also counting on virtual reality. AMD's old nemesis, Intel, is also competing hard in the VR space.  Industry surveys suggest that most consumers, beyond the hard-core gamers, are not familiar with VR technology. And while VR games may help boost PC sales, Koduri suggests that AMD is simply using gaming as a springboard to reach businesses in industries like education, health care, and real estate.  Imagine a school using VR to create a science laboratory on a PC screen where students can safely experiment with chemical compounds. Or a home buyer in one state inspecting a house in another state without having to travel. AMD's graphics cards go into PCs, which have "always been the centre for innovation," Koduri said.  By 2025, the VR market for real estate and health care uses could total a combined US$7.7bil (RM31bil), according to a recent report by investment bank Goldman Sachs.  So far, it seems that Wall Street likes AMD's strategy. Since February, AMD stock has more than tripled to US$6.30 (RM25.37) per share.  Graphics cards developed by AMD "are emerging as the choice of several nascent but potentially explosive markets like virtual reality," said Mark Lipacis, an analyst with investment bank Jefferies Group.  If successful, AMD can brag about how it quickly jumped on the VR bandwagon, rather than having to dwell on missing the mobile device train. — San Francisco Chronicle/Tribune News Service You May Be Interested Kenya uses new technology to nab poachers at night: WWF Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read Larsson quits Helsingborg following fan attack, relegation M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Philippines money laundering body charges bankers for ignoring cyberheist Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Most Viewed in Tech Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Viral video will crash your iPhone The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Israeli firm can steal phone data in seconds Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Pokémon Go says thanks and reshuffles CP Watch your self-ie! India tops ranking for selfie deaths Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
Login Become a Member View Desktop Site News ETF Investors: 2 Easy Ways to Invest in China Stocks in Play Dividend Stocks Breakout Stocks Heard on the Street CAD Daily Briefing Stocks to Watch Commodites Tech Insider ETF's The Week Ahead Earnings Announcements Dividend Announcements Metals & Mining News Commodity News Crude Oil News M & A News OTC Company News TSX Company News Accesswire US News Alerts Markets TSX Moves Ahead Market Update Foreign Markets Update North American Indices TSX Sector Watch TSX Sector Watch Most Actives New Listings – TSX New Listings – TSX-Venture Currencies ETF's Futures Ratings / Research Integra Gold Corp "OUTPERFORM" Analyst Ratings Research Reports Insider Trades Sectors Stock Screener Interactive Charts Dividends Calendar Stock Splits Calendar Earnings Calendar Personal Finance Tread Carefully When Buying Black Friday Bargains Portfolio Watch List Watch List Baystreet School Prime Rates GIC Rates Deposit Account Rates Mortgage Rates US Rates SMALLCAP ALERTS Economy Retail Sales Bolt in September Economic Commentary Economic Calendar Global Economies Global Economic Calendar By: Baystreet Staff - Tuesday, August 09, 2016 Mangstor Announces TITAN NVMf Software for Storage Arrays [ACCESSWIRE] TITAN Software Delivers Dramatic Bandwidth and Latency Improvements Over Existing SAN-Based All-Flash Arrays at Flash Memory Summit, August 9 - 11, Booth #601 SANTA CLARA, CA / ACCESSWIRE / August 9, 2016 / Flash Memory Summit 2016 -- Mangstor Inc., a leading developer of high performance, next-generation, non-volatile memory storage solutions, today announced availability of its TITAN NVMe over Fabric (NVMf) Target Software Storage Stack. TITAN Software delivers leading performance and ultra-low latencies by tightly integrating NVMe SSDs with Remote Direct Memory Access (RDMA) Network Interface Cards (NICs) and efficient use of x86 server capabilities. The software delivers key capabilities such as accelerated application response times, efficient storage resource sharing, tiering, scalability, connectivity to existing SANs, and operational efficiencies that enable IT managers to dynamically provision NAND flash memory locally or remotely, and with centralized management. Advanced capabilities include storage caching, cluster management, and NIC support up to 100 Gbps speeds. The management software included within TITAN is a scalable REST API and GUI tools that enable IT managers to easily deploy and manage large clusters of NVMf storage. Presentations of TITAN software begin today at Flash Memory Summit 2016, in Mangstor's Booth #601, Santa Clara Convention Center, Santa Clara, California. FMS concludes on Thursday, August 11th. TITAN software provides a single web-based management interface for managing entire clusters of NVMf storage arrays. Centralized management enables easier and faster storage system configurability in the datacenter and the ability to manage these systems in a more reliable manner. The software supports multiple fabric options, including Mellanox RoCE (Ethernet) and Infiniband, as well as emerging RDMA fabrics such as Intel OmniPath. "Accelerated application response times are the big advantage of NVMf arrays as they deliver Read and Write latencies comparable with internal PCIe SSDs," said Ashwin Kamath, SVP Engineering for Mangstor Inc. "TITAN delivers sustained performance of millions of IOPS, with latencies under 200µs, and an order of magnitude better than typical FC or iSCSI interfaces -- in fact, on the NX6320 2U supported platform, TITAN has been measured at up to 10x higher bandwidth and one-tenth the latency when compared to iSCSI and FC-based AFAs." NVMf arrays based on TITAN software scales to petabytes of capacity and hundreds of GB/s as arrays are added with virtually no increase in latency. As more capacity or performance is needed, arrays can simply be added as required. Latency is consistently low, similar with local SSD access times at low IOPS levels due to the optimized RDMA network, and remains low up to millions of IOPS. NVMf storage arrays are an ideal solution for data-intensive storage, latency-sensitive applications and real-time analytics and the first available storage array solution for the newly released NVMf specification. TITAN is now available for OEM customers and storage provider partners worldwide. The NX-Series Storage Arrays are available through Mangstor's worldwide sales channel of distributors, resellers, system integrators and manufacturing representatives. Product information is available at www.mangstor.com. Sales and pricing information is available at sales@mangstor.com. All trademarks, registered trademarks, and/or service marks, indicated or otherwise, are the property of their respective owners. About Mangstor Inc. Mangstor Inc., founded in 2012 and headquartered in Austin, Texas, is a leading developer of next generation non-volatile memory storage products optimized for low latency, high performance applications. Its product portfolio includes MX-Series PCIe NVMe SSDs, NX-Series NVMf storage arrays, and TITAN NVMf storage target software. First presented at last year's Flash Memory Summit, the NX6320 array with TITAN software earned a Best of Show award as the Most Innovative Flash Memory Technology, and the first available storage array solution for NVMf. About Flash Memory Summit 2016 The Flash Memory Summit program provides attendees with practical information on the current state of flash memory and its applications. Summit themes include: Solid State Drives (SSDs), Flash Memory Based Architectures, Enterprise Storage, Controllers, Enterprise Applications, PCIe SSDs, new non-volatile technologies, standards, testing, and applications. The Summit Program consists of a day of pre-conference seminars, followed by three days of panel discussions, keynotes, forums, paper sessions, tutorials, updates, and special sessions. The show is located at the Santa Clara Convention Center, Santa Clara, California, beginning Tuesday, August 9th and concluding on Thursday, August 11th. Mangstor Media Contact: Scott Harlin Director of Marketing Communications 714-619-1795 sharlin@mangstor.com SOURCE: Mangstor Inc. Get Small Cap Emails & Alerts View Desktop Site About Us Contact Us Advertise Corporate Services License Our Content Jobs Privacy Policy Copyright 1998 - 2016 BayStreet.ca Media Corp. All rights reserved. Nasdaq Stocks: Information delayed 15 minutes. Non-Nasdaq Stocks: Information delayed 20 minutes. Bid and Ask quotation information for NYSE and AMEX securities is only available on a real time basis. Data is provided by QuoteMedia.com
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Servers   /   Intel Accelerates AI, Machine Learning Efforts With Nervana Acquisition       Intel Accelerates AI, Machine Learning Efforts With Nervana Acquisition     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-08-09 Print               The chip maker will integrate Nervana's AI hardware and software stacks into its own growing artificial intelligence portfolio. Intel is ramping up its efforts in the small but fast-growing artificial intelligence space with the acquisition of 48-person startup Nervana Systems, which has been developing software and hardware technologies for machine learning. Intel officials announced the chip maker's plans to acquire the San Diego, Calif.-based company Aug. 9, a week before their Intel Developer Forum (IDF) kicks off next week in San Francisco. No financial details were released, though news site Recode cited anonymous sources who put the price tag at more than $350 million. The acquisition strengthens Intel's position in an artificial intelligence (AI) space that is expected to expand rapidly in the coming years as the internet of things (IoT) grows, with company officials predicting more than 50 billion smart, connected devices worldwide by 2020 and continuing to increase after that. Intel's Xeon processors run more than 90 percent of the servers in data centers globally, but the company is now looking to become a larger player in the areas of AI and machine learning. It's a market that a broad array of tech vendors are making hard pushes into. That includes GPU maker Nvidia, which has made AI a central part of its future strategy, and other chip companies, such as IBM and its Power and OpenPower efforts and ARM and its range of chip-making partners. AI technology already is in use today, from fraud detection and photo tagging to self-driving cars and precision medicine, according to Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group. "Encompassing compute methods like advanced data analytics, computer vision, natural language processing and machine learning, artificial intelligence is transforming the way businesses operate and how people engage with the world," Bryant wrote in a post on the company blog. "Machine learning, and its subset deep learning, are key methods for the expanding field of AI." Nervana already has a software and hardware stack that is fully optimized for deep learning, and the company's "IP and expertise in accelerating deep learning algorithms will expand Intel's capabilities in the field of AI," she wrote. "We will apply Nervana's software expertise to further optimize the Intel Math Kernel Library and its integration into industry standard frameworks," Bryant wrote. "Nervana's Engine and silicon expertise will advance Intel's AI portfolio and enhance the deep learning performance and TCO of our Intel Xeon and Intel Xeon Phi processors." Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst with Moor Insights and Strategy, said the acquisition of Nervana is an important move in a market that he said represents a crucial inflection point in the tech industry. "It moves them in the right direction," Moorhead told eWEEK. "I'm a lot more comfortable in their future in AI and machine learning, but there's a lot of execution that needs to be done." There essentially are two key parts of machine learning: training (where neural networks are taught such things as object identification) and inference (where they use this training to recognize and process unknown inputs). Neural networks used for training are large, and most training is done on Nvidia GPUs. The inference networks are smaller, and most of that work is done on CPUs from Intel. The chip maker wants to be a larger player in both areas, and the Nervana acquisition—combined with its Xeon, Xeon Phi and field-programmable gate array (FPGA) chips—gives them the chance to make that push, Moorhead said. "That's a benefit of being a big company," he said. "You can make these massive investments." Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST SERVERS ARTICLES   Microsoft Plans to Build a Quantum Computer Cray, SGI Awarded $52 Million in Federal Supercomputer Contracts IBM, OpenPower Foundation Make Push into Europe GPU's Role in Artificial Intelligence Advances Featured at Conference EMC Shows Its Data Center Strength at Inaugural Dell EMC Conference                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Policy Trump Doubles Down on Swamp-Draining in YouTube Video By John Eggerton Nov 22, 2016 Addressable AT&T, Dish, WPP Team on Acquisition of Invidi By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 21, 2016 FCC AT&T Defends DirecTV Now, Sponsored Data By John Eggerton Nov 21, 2016 Video More Consumers Edge Toward 4K TVs: Survey By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 21, 2016 Oracle to FCC: Don't Hand Google Keys to Kingdom By John Eggerton Nov 21, 2016 Fox Networks Sign DirecTV Now Deal By Mike Farrell Nov 21, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community Picture This Documentaries: Informing the Present by Remembering the Past By R. Thomas Umstead On The Money Digital in the Details By Mike Farrell MCN Guest Blog OTT: The Future of Content Delivery By Kurt Michel, IneoQuest MCN Guest Blog Privacy Order Would Hike Broadband Prices By Michael J. Horney, Free State Foundation Multichannel Planner -- Nov. 21-Dec. 7, 2016 By MCN Staff MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 21, 2016 By MCN Staff Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights OTT Sling TV to Stream to Comcast’s X1 Platform By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 22, 2016 People John Reid Confirmed as Cable & Wireless CEO By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 22, 2016 FCC FCC Vetter Jamison: Do We Need an FCC? By John Eggerton Nov 22, 2016 OTT NBCU, Verizon Add Live Stream to Thanksgiving Day Parade Menu By Jon Lafayette (B&C) Nov 22, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Aug 09 2016 Broadband Humax Gateway Nets CableLabs DOCSIS 3.1 Stamp ‘HG3310’ model achieves certification for multi-gig platform for HFC networks 8/09/2016 1:14 PM Eastern Last updated at 8/09/2016 1:21 PM By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Humax has joined a small but growing number of cable vendors to achieve certification for DOCSIS 3.1, the new multi-gigabit platform from CableLabs for HFC networks.   Humax said a D3.1-powered gateway, the HG3310, was certified in Cert Wave 116 at CableLabs. The model also sports dual-band concurrent 802.11ac WiFi, support for IP voice, and an option for MoCA 2.0, a platform for speedy home networking that’s optimized to run on in-home coax networks.   While that ensures that Humax’s product is interoperable with D3.1-based network gear, certification also clears the product for retail sale. MSOs typically require CableLabs certification for modems they lease to high-speed Internet subs.   Per the most updated list of CableLabs-certified products, a D3.1 chipset/reference design from Intel Corp. was also certified in wave 117. Several products with Broadcom silicon have already been certified for DOCSIS 3.1.   Other modem makers that have cleared the D3.1 hurdle include Arris (for a model tagged for retail distribution), along with Askey, CastleNet, Netgear, Sagemcom, Technicolor, and Ubee Interactive.   "With its improved spectral efficiency, DOCSIS 3.1 technology is helping MSOs meet the growing speeds demanded by end users including 1 Gbps and beyond. We're delighted to have obtained DOCSIS 3.1 certification for the HG3310 and are offering it for sale worldwide,” Frank Romeo, SVP of business development at Humax Americas, said in a statement.   Humax and other vendors are getting certified amid the early phases of MSO D3.1 deployments.   Among recent examples, WideOpenWest plans to launch D3.1-based gigabit services in five markets by the end of 2016. Comcast, which is leaning on Technicolor models in the early phases of its D3.1 rollout, has consumer trials underway in Atlanta and Nashville underway, with plans to expand its DOCSIS 3.1 footprint to Chicago, Detroit and Miami later this year. Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Humax    DOCSIS 3.1    CableLabs    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: FREEDMAN ELECTRONICS GROUP BREAKS GROUND INTO AMBISONIC AUDIO – PURCHASES 360-DEGREE SURROUND MICROPHONE MARKET LEADER, SOUNDFIELD, FROM TSL PRODUCTS Indie Sound Effects Marketplace ‘A Sound Effect’ Turns Two and Celebrates with 70% Off Sale Cablevisión Argentina Selects Verimatrix as its Revenue Security Partner to Support Cablevisión Flow Services for TV Anytime, Anywhere ADB helps Multimedia Polska deliver enhanced TV services with user-friendly Personal TV solution Multi-Award Winning Producer Lawrence Cumbo Joins Pixeldust Studios to Expand its Entertainment Division: The Artery Creates New "Spirit of Meditation" 360-Degree Virtual Reality App for Samsung Gear VR ‘WWEmoji’ Emoji App Now Available WORLD’S TOUGHEST MUDDER LIVE STREAMING VIEWERSHIP SETS RECORD FOR OBSTACLE COURSE RACING EVENTS VITEC Launches First Broadcast-Grade Integrated IPTV and Digital Signage Platform SMPTE Launches New Virtual Course on IMF Essentials Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ DirecTV Now Sets November 28 Launch Event Charter Launches Low-Cost Broadband Service PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Sling TV, Roku Get Into the Holiday Selling Spirit Related Stories Pushing Forth on Two Fronts James Careless, Contributing Writer - 11/21/2016 08:00:00 AM America/New_York Two years into its mission, the SCTE/ISBE Energy2020 RCN to Launch 1-Gig in Philadelphia Area Jeff Baumgartner - 11/16/2016 01:32:00 PM America/New_York RCN Corp. will beat Comcast to the punch in the Philadelphia Videotron Sparks DOCSIS 3.1 Deployment Jeff Baumgartner - 11/15/2016 05:39:00 PM America/New_York Canadian cable operator Videotron said it has begun Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → Up TV Would ‘Love’ to Grab Netflix’s New ‘Gilmore Girls’ Syndication Ratings: Shows Stall as Viewers Switch to Election Coverage President Obama Stands Up for 'SNL' at Awards Ceremony Hulu Lines Up Cartoon Network’s ‘Powerpuff Girls’ Sports Boost TV Ad Spending in October NextRadio Adds Newsfeed NAB Show Shanghai Expands Schedule Freedman Electronics Adds SoundField to Roster Townsquare Media’s Norman Philips Retires Mobile Carriers Fight Some Municipalities for Right of Way Soultone Cymbals Creates Gold with JMR Lightning Quad Tower GV Expo: A Q&A With C-SPAN Co-CEO Robert Kennedy Kate Bush Sings Live From a Water Tank in Music Video Buck Creates Visceral and Psychedelic Animated Opening Sequence for David Blaine Special Tom Hooper Directs Action-Packed Marks & Spencer Christmas Commercial NAB Urges FCC to Act on White Space Geolocation ChyronHego Kicks It With IPFL TFS Releases RoboCam FiberLink Systems for PTZ Cams SMPTE ‘Honor Roll’ Book Now Available Recap: Impact of IP & Cloud on Media Workflow News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Could Microsoft’s rumoured Surface all-in-one PC have a 3D camera? 2 by Surur  @mspoweruser Aug 9, 2016 at 19:49 GMT4 months ago Microsoft is reportedly working on an all-in-one device under the Surface brand for  Q3 2016 with some rumours that the device will be announced soon. The rumour states: The Surface AIO PC is apparently an alternative for Microsoft’s second-generation Surface Book, which will be delayed to the first half of 2017 instead of the original schedule set in the second half of 2016 due to delayed shipments of Intel’s Kaby Lake CPUs, said the sources. Of course All In One PCs have never been very popular in the Windows world, unlike Apple’s PCs, since Windows users do not tend to see their computers as a form of high-end furniture. To capture the same kind of high-end and high spending buyers on the Windows end the Surface AIO may need some kind of gimmick. On the Surface it is the detachable keyboard and Windows Hello camera, and we suspect on the All in One side it may be a 3D camera similar to HP’s Sprout AIO PC. Microsoft Research has shown cheap stereo infra-red cameras and infra-red lights (similar to the Iris scanner in the Lumia 950) plus a reflective pad called Floodlight can produce some very sophisticated data which can replace a touch pad, stylus and finger tracking in 3D. See this demoed in the 2013 video below: With Microsoft intent to move beyond the mouse and keyboard paradigm for computing, we think it is very likely Microsoft’s All In One will be more than a screen with built-in PC. Do our readers agree? Let us know below. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related microsoft microsoft research microsoft surface rumor Surface Surface AIO Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product roadmap by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft is bringing Xbox One game streaming to the Oculus Rift on Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 21, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Microsoft’s CEO Satya Nadella wants to build the ‘the ultimate mobile device’ by Mehedi Hassan on November 22, 2016 Many Microsoft execs have been spoken of building new category of devices lately. This, of course, includes Satya Nadella. In a recent interview, Nadella acknowledged the fact that Microsof... HP Elite x3 snags a new firmware update by Sean Chan HP has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Elite x3. The latest firmware update takes the software to 0002.0000.0018.0105. This update does not seem to include any new features... Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product... by Surur We reported earlier that the software foundations for Microsoft’s Home Hub have been spotted, showing that it would allow access to a Family Desktop above the Lock Screen featuring ... Cartoon texture pack now available on Minecraft: Pocket and Windows 10 Editions by Pradeep Mojang today announced the availability of Cartoon texture pack on Minecraft Pocket and Windows 10 Editions. A Minecraft texture pack to surprise and amuse you. Even the spiders are happy! T... ASUS ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 now available for order in th... by Pradeep Earlier this month, ASUS announced the updated ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 card. The VR Ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card used in ROG G701VI provides improved gra... Deals Deals Deal: Get ReCore Xbox One game for just $19.99 You can now get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from Amazon. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dynamic world in a ... Deal: Save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK You can now save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK. Office 365 Home, Office Home & Student 2016 for Mac and Office Home and Student 2016 are available on di... Black Friday Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover ... Microsoft Store UK’s Black Friday Deal for Surface Pro 4 device is now available online. Get a Surface Pro 4 with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £599. You ... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB for $799, plus add a Type Cover for... Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and ... Deal: Save $250 on entry-level Surface Book device from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $250 discount on the entry level Surface Book device. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1249. Surface Book... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Review: Asus’ $700 Zenbook Flip isn’t quite worthy of the laptop it replaces Trackpad woes and a lesser screen ruin one of the best midrange laptops. by Andrew Cunningham - Aug 9, 2016 8:00 pm UTC Login to bookmark 24 Andrew Cunningham Asus Zenbook Flip UX360CA. Andrew Cunningham Asus Zenbook Flip UX360CA. Andrew Cunningham The 360 degree hinge is similar to the one that first appeared in Lenovo's Yoga series. Andrew Cunningham One of these screens is more reflective than the others. Zenbook Flip on the left, UX305C on the right. Andrew Cunningham The lid is still decent-looking brushed metal. Andrew Cunningham Right side, Zenbook Flip on the top and UX305C on the bottom. Headphones, micro HDMI, USB Type-C, USB Type-A, and power. Andrew Cunningham Left side. USB Type-A, card reader, volume rocker, and power button. Andrew Cunningham The keyboard is still good. Andrew Cunningham But the trackpad, despite meeting Microsoft's Precision Touchpad requirements, is problematic because the base of the laptop flexes so much. Asus’ ZenBook UX305C was almost a perfect midrange laptop, at least by my estimation. The cheaper models were missing extras like touchscreens or backlit keyboards and they weren’t as fast as Dell’s XPS 13 or the MacBook Pro, but they offered enough speed for most people and Asus got a lot of stuff right: $700 for a 1080p IPS screen, a sturdy build, a decent keyboard and trackpad, and a respectable 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. There are better laptops and there are cheaper laptops but that one sat right at the intersection of both. Asus’ follow-up to the UX305C is a slightly different riff on the same idea. The Zenbook Flip UX360CA (hereafter Zenbook Flip or just Flip) still uses Intel’s Skylake Core M processors, still includes 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD, still uses a 1080p screen, is still really thin, and still starts at $700. But it’s got a Lenovo Yoga-style 360-degree hinge and a standard touchscreen, turning what was once a basic laptop into a basic laptop that can pretend to be a tablet. A lot of what I liked about the old Zenbook design is still here, but a few things have been improved and, sadly, a few things have gotten worse. Look and feel: That flippin’ hinge Specs at a glance: Asus Zenbook Flip UX360CA Screen 1920×1080 at 13.3" (166 PPI) OS Windows 10 x64 CPU 900MHz dual-core Intel Core m3-6Y30 (Turbo up to 2.2GHz) RAM 8GB 1866MHz LPDDR3 (non-upgradeable) GPU Intel HD 515 (integrated) HDD 256GB or 512GB SATA III solid-state drive Networking 867Mbps 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.1 Ports 2x USB 3.0 Type-A, 1x USB 3.0 Type-C, micro HDMI, SD card reader, headphones Size 12.71" × 8.66" × 0.54" (322.8 mm × 220 mm × 13.7 mm) Weight 2.86 lbs (1.3 kg) Battery 54Whr Warranty 1 year Starting price $699.00 Price as reviewed $799.00 Other perks Webcam The Zenbook Flip looks a lot like the old Zenbook at first glance: same burgundy-ish metal body, same multitouch trackpad and chiclet keyboard, same 13.3-inch screen surrounded by a large bezel. Look closer, and you’ll notice the differences. The laptop is slightly thicker throughout, probably to make room for the larger hinge mechanism. One pleasant side effect is that the bottom of the lid no longer rests on your desk when the laptop is open, risking possible damage both to the laptop itself and to whatever surface it’s sitting on. All four rubber feet are making contact with the table at all times, which also makes the laptop more stable while typing. The port layout has been changed, too. The UX305 had three full-size USB 3.0 Type-A ports, a full-size SD card reader, a micro HDMI port, and a headphone jack. The Zenbook Flip has two USB Type-A ports, a full-size SD card reader, a micro HDMI port, a headphone jack, and a single USB Type-C port. The power button and a volume rocker also migrate to the side of the laptop to make them easier to reach when you're using it as a tablet or convertible. As Type-C ports go, this one is sadly underutilized. It can’t charge the laptop—Asus ships the Flip with a power brick identical to the one that came with the UX305—nor can it support DisplayPort or other output via the USB Alternate Mode spec. This means that 60Hz 4K external display support over a single cable isn’t possible (the HDMI 1.4 spec can push 4K but not at 60Hz). I like USB Type-C and I’m glad to see it creeping into more products, and this early into the Type-A-to-Type-C transition I can understand and even approve of Asus’ decision to include a couple of Type-A ports. I just wish that the Type-C port in the Flip was doing everything we know a Type-C port can do. Adding a touchscreen to the laptop has a couple of side effects. The old non-touch Zenbooks had a matte LCD screen, something that is becoming increasingly rare as more laptops pick up touchscreens and glass coatings. The glass on the Zenbook Flip is much more reflective, and it doesn’t appear to be mitigated by any sort of anti-glare coating like the ones Apple uses on its MacBooks and MacBook Pros. There’s also a small air gap between the glass and the LCD panel underneath, which makes the contrast look lower and the colors less vibrant than they were on the older Zenbooks. The air gap and the high reflectivity make it difficult to see the screen outdoors. It’s an IPS display with great viewing angles and it still looks better than the vast majority of the display panels you’ll find on most $500-and-below laptops, but it’s still a small step in the wrong direction. If you want to be able to use the laptop as a big tablet—either in “tent” mode with the base of the laptop as a kickstand or with the screen folded all the way against the base, both of which will prompt a switch into Windows 10’s tablet mode and disable the keyboard and trackpad—the Yoga-style 360-degree hinge is stable and works well. The touchscreen works fine, and I didn’t have any problem with responsiveness or accuracy. It doesn’t get in the way if you just want to use the Flip as a regular laptop. Especially since Windows 10 re-prioritized the desktop and de-emphasized touch, I don’t see touch as an essential feature in a Windows laptop, but it’s here if you want it and it doesn’t add anything to the price. The keyboard is still just as good as it was in past Zenbooks. Key spacing and travel are good, and the matte plastic keys feel nice to type on. The lack of a backlight continues to be its only shortcoming relative to the keyboards that Apple, Dell, and HP use in their nicer laptops. And the speakers mostly sound pretty good, though their positioning on the bottom of the laptop is awkward—you'll block them with your legs if the computer is on your laptop, though they otherwise sound fine. The main disappointment is the trackpad. The pad itself is OK—in fact, it’s one of Microsoft’s Precision Touchpads, which means that finger tracking is accurate and it fully supports all of Windows 10’s useful multi-touch window management gestures. The problem is the amount of flex in the palmrest, which bends based on downward pressure from your palms and, if you’re actually using the laptop on your laptop, upward pressure from your legs. The quest for thinner laptops means that they have less space to move than they used to. Companies like Synaptics and Apple have circumvented this in some of their products by introducing pressure-sensitive trackpads that don’t actually move (Apple’s is a good facsimile of a clickable trackpad; Synaptics’ not so much). But most PCs just use trackpads that don’t need as much space to move around in. In a sturdier laptop like HP’s EliteBook Folio G1, this isn’t a problem. But the Zenbook Flip flexes around enough that the trackpad can get moved into the “clicked” position by accident. Sometimes this means that clicks happen when you’re just trying to type. Sometimes this means that single clicks become double clicks or hold clicks. I got excited when I heard the Zenbook Flip would have a Precision Touchpad, but the way that touchpad has been implemented makes it annoying to use. There are no problems if you're using the laptop on a flat surface, and after a few days of using it you can make small adjustments to the way you sit and the way you rest your hands on the laptop to minimize the number of accidental clicks. But at its worst it makes the laptop infuriating to use and it’s really too bad that Asus didn’t catch this before bringing the Zenbook Flip to market. I have asked Asus if this is a problem unique to our review unit, but as of this writing I haven't heard back. Listing image by Andrew Cunningham Expand full story Page: 1 2 Next → Reader comments 24 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. @AndrewWrites on Twitter  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Now it's Detroit's turn to rescue Silicon Valley Matthew DeBord Aug. 9, 2016, 2:29 PM 6,650 facebook linkedin twitter email print GM CEO Mary Barra and the Chevrolet Bolt EV. General Motors Five years ago, when the US auto industry was just beginning to recover from the Great Recession, there was widespread speculation that the old model of the car business was broken, and that only the new economy could come to the rescue. And with good reason. The US auto market had cratered, plunging from a peak of over 17 million to a devastated 10 million in yearly sales. General Motors and Chrysler had been bailed out by the federal government and gone bankrupt. Ford saw its stock price fall to less than $2 a share. Gas had spiked to over $4 a gallon in some parts of the country. Credit, the lifeblood of the car business, had been wiped out. Meanwhile, Apple was on a path to become the world's most valuable company. Facebook was taking over the media landscape. And Tesla, after suffering a brush with financial death in 2009, looked like the most innovative company on four wheels. Silicon Valley, and California in general, was suddenly filled with new and futuristic ideas about transportation, from Google driverless cars to numerous electric-car startups. Detroit, by contrast, was lurching toward the largest municipal bankruptcy in US history — it would come in 2013 — and its great automakers looked to be crippled dinosaurs, completely out of step with the times. The US auto industry was a problem to be solved, and Silicon Valley specialized in solutions. A doomed industry? "The automobile industry is in the middle of a fundamental transformation," wrote former Intel CEO Andy Grove in The Wall Street Journal in 2009. "There is a lot of information available on how companies have dealt with major changes in their business environments, but little is known about the transformation of entire industries." "History shows that most companies do not deal well with transformation," he continued. "One reason has to do with senior managers. They usually 'don't get it.' They have a difficult time accepting that the future will be vastly different from the present because they rose to power in the old business environment. They excelled in the old environment and didn't acquire skills necessary to operate in the new." Ford CEO Mark Fields. Reuters/Phil McCarten Fast forward to 2016 and the senior mangers in Detroit whom Grove worried about have deepened their engagement with Silicon Valley and the technology industry to an unprecedented degree. GM already had a venture-capital arm before it invested $500 million in Lyft and bought Cruise Automation for its innovative self-driving tech. Ford had such a solid connection with Microsoft that outgoing CEO Alan Mulally was discussed as a successor to Steve Ballmer. The company also put $182 million into software startup Pivotal earlier this year. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles has teamed up with Google to create driverless minivans. And all the automakers have a Silicon Valley presence, which enables them to scout emerging technologies and act on them quickly. An auto-sales boom in the US, which started in 2013 and set a record in 2016 with 17.5 million new cars and trucks delivered, has fueled Detroit's engagement. Another factor is the broad realization among the carmakers' executive teams that this is their opportunity to disrupt themselves and profit from the experience. Cheap gas, an improving employment picture, and ample credit means that Detroit is selling pickups and SUVs and raking in cash. The game plan is to take some of those winnings and send them in search of rapid innovations that Motown can't create on its own. GM bought Cruise Automation in 2016. GM Not-so-smooth sailing At the same time, Silicon Valley has started to encounter some investor turbulence. Startups with hefty valuations don't see IPOs as a way to pay back their investors. That leaves getting acquired as an option, but a level of saturation with social networking and apps might have set in. The Detroit automakers aren't in the market for messaging apps, but they are looking for technologies that can future-proof them, or advance the process of making cars smarter. In conversations with people in the auto industry, there's a sense that the tech sector has begun to figure out that Motown has money and wants to spend it. The signals from the top are also strong. "We're going to disrupt ourselves, and we are disrupting ourselves, so we're not trying to preserve a model of yesterday," GM CEO Mary Barra said in a BI Interview in 2015. "And when you think of the assets the company has — the scale, the control of the vehicle platform, the ability with embedded connectivity, the knowledge we have of just every aspect of the vehicle and how we're putting it together now — I think there's a lot of plus signs, and we can lead." That attitude was echoed by Ford CEO Mark Fields, whom Business Insider also interviewed. "It's a very exciting time at Ford because we are transitioning from an auto company to an auto and a mobility company," he said. "Mobility for us, at the very simplest level, is to allow people to live, play, and work where they want. How do we help enable them to get around to do that? And there's a lot of talk around technology companies disrupting the auto industry. Our approach is very simple: We're disrupting ourselves." Birds of a feather So how did this reversal come about? Even if Detroit isn't really in a position to rescue Silicon Valley — Silicon Valley doesn't really need to be rescued — then why is the dinosaur now so enthusiastic about participating in its own disruption? Simple: Detroit was the Silicon Valley of the early 20th century, a hotbed of entrepreneurship and fascinated with the most high-tech contraption of the time: the automobile. True, over the decades the culture of the auto industry has become stratified and bureaucratic, but despite that, the car itself has been steadily improved. Detroit has never backed off from technology, and the engineers and executives who have chosen to work for Ford or GM are still excited about new stuff. When they look at Silicon Valley, they see a place ruled by engineers, a contemporary version of Detroit's own origin story. And that's why Silicon Valley and Detroit's newfound mutual admiration could be the beginning of a long and beautiful friendship that stretches from the Bay Area to the banks of the Detroit River. SEE ALSO: General Motors CEO Mary Barra: 'We are disrupting ourselves, we're not trying to preserve a model of yesterday' NOW WATCH: This $5 billion factory is the key to Tesla’s future — and it’s in the middle of the desert Loading video... More: BITranspo General Motors Ford Silicon Valley Auto Industry IPO FIat Chrysler Automobiles Curise Automation Mergers And Acquisitions facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Now it's Detroit's turn to rescue Silicon Valley Now it's Detroit's turn to rescue Silicon Valley Five years ago, when the US auto industry was... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self NBA legend David Robinson: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Read Robinson's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. RadeonSI Now Supports Two More OpenGL Extensions Written by Michael Larabel in Radeon on 9 August 2016 at 01:42 PM EDT. 5 Comments The RadeonSI Gallium3D driver has picked up support for two more OpenGL ARB extensions outside of what's mandated by OpenGL 4.5. The ARB_indirect_parameters and ARB_shader_draw_parameters extensions are now supported by the RadeonSI Gallium3D driver. These extensions aren't part of a released OpenGL version right now but are now wired in for RadeonSI. The Nouveau NVC0 driver already supported both of these extensions while the Intel driver also supported ARB_shader_draw_parameters. ARB_indirect_parameters introduces the concept of a parameter buffer to store parameters for certain indirect drawing commands. ARB_shader_draw_parameters adds new built-in variables to GLSL: gl_BaseVertexARB, gl_BaseInstanceARB, and gl_DrawID. They "contain the values passed in the baseVertex and baseInstance parameters, respectively. Shaders provided by the application may use these variables to offset gl_VertexID or gl_InstanceID if desired, or use them for any other purpose." In addition to enabling these extensions, the ARB_multi_draw_indirect extension is now properly accelerated for RadeonSI. The commit enabling these new feature capabilities is straight-forward. However, the work does depend upon "sufficiently uptodate" firmware blobs. The functionality also only works in conjunction with the AMDGPU kernel driver for newer GCN GPUs as the Radeon DRM driver doesn't offer a way to expose the firmware version numbers for checking compatibility with the necessary firmware images. 5 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Radeon News AMD Sends Out Revised DAL Patches, Various Cleanups AMD Planning To Enable GLAMOR By Default For R600 & Newer GPUs Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 RadeonSI Gets More Shader Variant Optimizations, Other Improvements OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux Radeon Pro WX Graphics Cards Ship This Week Popular News Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Explicit Fencing For Atomic DRM Drivers Coming In Linux 4.10 Latest Linux News OpenCL Remains One Of AMDGPU-PRO's Main Advantages, Can't Wait For It To Be Open RADV Vulkan Driver Patch For Initial PRIME Support It's Time For The Annual Thanksgiving Event To Support Our Linux Testing, Benchmarking Intel's Recent Noteworthy Vulkan Patches Hit Mainline Mesa GNOME 3.23.2 Released With More Work Towards GNOME 3.24 Fedora 25 Officially Released & I Highly Recommend It Total War: WARHAMMER Released For Linux Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Cull & Clip Distance Support OpenCL Image Support For Gallium3D's Clover RadeonSI Patches For Compiling Optimized Shader Variants Asynchronously Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU-PRO vs. NVIDIA On Linux With OpenGL & Vulkan OpenSUSE Leap 42.1 vs. Leap 42.2 vs. Tumbleweed Benchmarks Total War: WARHAMMER - AMD RadeonSI Linux Performance Total War: WARHAMMER NVIDIA Linux Benchmarks Fedora 25 Turned Out Great, Definitely My Most Favorite Fedora Release Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: SMART Modular Technologies August 09, 2016 13:35 ET SMART Modular Announces Industry's First 32GB DDR4 NVDIMM-N NEWARK, CA--(Marketwired - August 09, 2016) - SMART Modular Technologies, Inc., a leader in specialty memory, storage and hybrid solutions including memory modules, Flash memory cards and other solid state storage products, today announced sample availability of its 32GB DDR4 NVDIMM-N, making it the highest density DDR4 NVDIMM-N module available in the industry. SMART will begin sampling at the end of August 2016. The new 32GB density significantly improves application performance making it ideal in server and storage environments. NVDIMMs transform main DRAM memory into persistent memory, resulting in higher performing servers by allowing big data, transaction logs, and other latency and performance-sensitive data to be accessed at DRAM speeds without the risk of data loss. Rather than reading and writing data or transaction logs to traditional storage media such as SATA SSDs, PCIe NVMe SSDs, or HDDs, data can be written to and read from main memory without the risk of data loss due to any catastrophic power loss event. Server performance as measured by lower latency, higher IOPS, and greater endurance, all dramatically increase with the integration of NVDIMMs. SMART's DDR4 NVDIMMs are targeted to support a wide range of industry-standard and OEM server and storage platforms such as Dell, HP Enterprise, Intel®, Lenovo™, Supermicro®, and others. SMART is also supporting DDR4 NVDIMM standardization work at JEDEC and through SNIA's NVDIMM SIG (Special Interest Group) as well. SMART's DDR4 NVDIMMs with proprietary SafeStor™ technology have a unique, feature-rich, JEDEC-compliant command and control register interface which has been developed through many years of detailed work with customers. These NVDIMM modules also have an integrated DRAM and Flash controller with end-to-end data integrity protection, including internal CRC-32 and parity protection for FPGA SRAM. Backup power is provided by the host system through a JEDEC-standard 12V power rail or by a tethered Backup Power Module (BPM). SMART provides a wide variety of intelligent tethered BPM options to support NVDIMM integration. Applications where response time is critical will greatly benefit with the persistent tier of byte-addressable memory that SMART's NVDIMMs provide. The new high-density 32GB module expands SMART's current NVDIMM offering of 4GB, 8GB and 16GB densities giving customers a host of options. SMART will be highlighting the performance advantages of its NVDIMMs in the datacenter which can be seen at several in-booth presentations during the Flash Memory Summit being held at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, CA, August 9-11, 2016. These presentations can be seen during exhibition hours at SMART's booth #627 on Wednesday, August 10 and Thursday, August 6. See the Flash Memory Summit web site for a full schedule of events. For more information on SMART's NVDIMMs please visit www.smartm.com/NVDIMM or contact a SMART sales professional near you. About SMART Modular Technologies SMART Modular Technologies is a global leader in specialty memory, storage and hybrid solutions serving the electronics industry for over 25 years. SMART Modular delivers solutions to a broad customer base, including OEMs in computing, networking, communications, storage, mobile and industrial markets. Focused on providing extensive customer-specific design capabilities, technical support and value-added testing services, SMART collaborates closely with their global OEM customers throughout their design process and across multiple projects to create memory, storage and hybrid solutions for demanding applications with differentiated requirements. Taking innovations from the design stage through manufacturing and supply, SMART Modular has developed a comprehensive product line comprised of DRAM, Flash and hybrid memory technologies across various form factors. See www.smartm.com for more information. Contact Information Contact: Arthur Sainio SMART Modular Technologies (510) 624-8126 arthur.sainio@smartm.com   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 2130 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Chandler pays $43 million for some of Gila River tribe's water The agreement with Gila River Indian Community helps secure Chandler's water supply for the next 100 years and gives the tribe cheaper water for agriculture. Post to Facebook Chandler pays $43 million for some of Gila River tribe's water The agreement with Gila River Indian Community helps secure Chandler's water supply for the next 100 years and gives the tribe cheaper water for agriculture.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2bcvDVi {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Chandler pays $43 million for some of Gila River tribe's water How it works: Chandler water Chandler represents a diverse economy of large residential developments, manufacturers, data centers and an array of small businesses. Here's how the city keeps the water clean and flowing to all of their stakeholders. Weldon B. Johnson/The Republic How it works: Chandler water Gilbert's drinking water — sometimes referred to as “potable’’ water fit for human consumption — comes from several sources: Mountain runoff collected from the Salt and Verde rivers, delivered via the Salt River Project canal system; Colorado River water delivered via the Central Arizona Project canal; and groundwater pumped from 27 wells in the area, drawing water from underground aquifers. Victoria Buckner/The Republic How it works: Chandler water Surface water is delivered and treated at the San Tan Vista Surface Water Treatment Plant, which is jointly owned by Gilbert, and the Chandler Pecos Surface Water Treatment Plant, a sprawling facility on Pecos Road east of McQueen Road. Mark Henle/The Republic How it works: Chandler water State law prohibits Chandler from releasing details on specific users. However, the city says about 85 percent of the water provided each day goes to residential use. In May 2014, the city’s 25 top water users consumed a combined 15 million gallons, a city report says. That compares to just under 4 million gallons in May of 2010 for the 25 top water users. Intel and Freescale, two semiconductor manufacturers, are the two largest users in the city, the report says. Intel also uses recycled water in its cooling towers and reclaimed wastewater for irrigation. Other high-volume users include data centers that operate in Chandler. One of them, Cyrus One, located along the Price Road Corridor, is expected to be the city’s third largest user, according to the report. Two other data centers also operate in the city. Data centers require water for towers that provide cooling inside their buildings, which store massive amounts of hard drives with data from around the globe. Weldon B. Johnson/The Republic How it works: Chandler water According to the Town of Gilbert website, the tap water concentration of fluoride is about .7mg per liter -- considered the optimum level of fluoridation by the American Dental Association. Gety Images How it works: Chandler water The city has an ongoing drought management plan in place, that lays out several stages of action that will take place in the event the city’s supply of water is somehow reduced because of drought conditions. Details are available on the city’s web site at chandleraz.gov. Patrick Breen/The Republic How it works: Chandler water The city has an extensive water conservation program, including rebates to residents who install low-water landscaping. Details, along with other tips, are on the city’s web site. The Republic Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 7 2 of 7 3 of 7 4 of 7 5 of 7 6 of 7 7 of 7 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide How it works: Chandler water Chandler represents a diverse economy of large residential developments, manufacturers, data centers and an array of small businesses. Here's how the city keeps the water clean and flowing to all of their stakeholders. Weldon B. Johnson/The Republic Chris Coppola , The Republic | azcentral.com 7:12 p.m. MST August 9, 2016 The Chandler City Council reached a deal to pay the Gila River Indian Community nearly $43 million for rights to a portion of the tribe's Central Arizona Project water. The deal also will allow Chandler to obtain rights to additional groundwater. (Photo: Mark Henle/The Republic) Chandler expects to run out of developable land in the city by 2030, but a key need to reach that is more water. The city recently secured enough to handle both new demand and some of its needs for the next 100 years. The City Council reached a deal to pay the Gila River Indian Community nearly $43 million for rights to a portion of the tribe's Central Arizona Project water. The deal also will allow Chandler to obtain long-term storage credits to store additional CAP water underground. Chandler will receive 5.5 million gallons of water per day beginning in 2019 and continuing for 100 years under the terms of the agreement approved July 28. Chandler uses an average of 55 million gallons of water per day, said John Knudson, the city's municipal utilities director. At build-out in 2030, the city expects to use about 85 million gallons a day, he said. "We're always looking over our water demands and our water growth as the city builds out,'' Knudson said, adding that the city updates its water master plan every three to five years. "A few years ago we noticed a gap. "This purchase is to fill that gap. It also allows a little bit of extra for unplanned opportunities,'' he said, for example, having enough water if a large company decides to locate in Chandler years from now. Beyond that, Arizona's 1980 Groundwater Management Act requires municipalities to have a 100-year assured water supply. Knudson said this deal will help Chandler meet that requirement by supplementing its existing water sources. “This purchase is to fill that gap. It also allows a little bit of extra for unplanned opportunities.”John Knudson, Chandler's municipal utilities director As part of the deal, Chandler will send reclaimed water from its treatment plants to the reservation for agricultural use in exchange for some of the new CAP water used for residential and business consumption.Reclaimed water comes from sewage water treated by the city and is treated to a slightly lesser quality than potable water. It's used for irrigating large tracts of land such as golf courses or farm lands, such as those on the Gila River Indian Reservation. The deal also includes a lease of additional tribal CAP water rights over the 100 years. The city will acquire long-term water-storage credits available through the Gila River Water Storage LLC, a joint venture between the tribe and Salt River Project. The credits allow Chandler to store additional CAP water underground. Tribal officials, in a statement provided to The Republic, said the deal will help the community offset rising costs of delivering CAP water to the reservation while enhancing farming efforts. "This agreement helps further the Gila River Indian Community’s goal to expand its agricultural development by exchanging water with Chandler that are less costly than using CAP water and generating revenue that will be used to address the rising cost of CAP water,'' the tribe said. Knudson said the first payment to the tribal community will happen this fiscal year, followed by payments in three subsequent fiscal years. He said the agreement is funded through utility rates paid by the city's water customers, noting the $43 million agreement already is included in the city's capital budget over a four-year period based on current rates. He said the city will not have to increase rates to fund the deal.   AZCENTRAL Why isn't Central Arizona Project canal open for public use?   The Central Arizona Project canal cuts through the desert west of Phoenix.  (Photo: Mark Henle/The Republic)   2130 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2bcvDVi TOP VIDEOS Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Roberts: Finding blessings even in bad times Nov. 23, 2016, 10:46 a.m. Montini: Can ‘Hamilton Electors’ block Trump presidency? Nov. 23, 2016, 6:42 a.m. My Turn: Make a difference this holiday season: Buy local Nov. 22, 2016, 12:25 p.m.
null
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Apple Apple's upcoming MacBook Pro to pack Touch ID power button By Tim Schiesser on Aug 9, 2016, 7:30 AM TechSpot One of the most hotly anticipated Apple products of the year is an update to the company's MacBook Pro line. The current MacBook Pros have been on the market since early last year and still pack Intel's older Broadwell CPUs, which makes this upcoming update a significant one. A new report from 9to5Mac suggests that new MacBook Pros will feature a Touch ID fingerprint scanner integrated into the laptop's power button. Previous reports have suggested Touch ID will be integrated into upcoming MacBooks in some way, although the actual location of the sensor was unclear. Integrating it into the power button, however, makes perfect sense. 9to5Mac is also confirming a previous rumor that stated new MacBook Pros will feature an OLED touch display above the keyboard that acts as the laptop's function keys. This is an interesting and unique change, as it would allow the MacBook Pro to present different functions keys to users depending on the applications they're using. Alongside the inclusion of new functionality like Touch ID, the new MacBook Pros are expected to be slimmer and pack multiple USB-C ports with Thunderbolt 3 support. You can expect a hardware upgrade as well, possibly with Intel's upcoming Kaby Lake processors if the companies' release schedules line up. The new MacBook Pros, both in 13- and 15-inch sizes, are expected to hit the market in the fourth quarter of 2016. They will be accompanied by an entry-level MacBook Air refresh, along with a new mid-tier 13-inch MacBook. Related Reads Hello again: Apple launches all-new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Touch ID, USB-C Apple brings Force Touch to 15-inch MacBook Pro, lowers price of 5K iMac Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar reveals fake speaker grills, fragile Touch Bar 2 comments 67 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… New MacBook Pro with Touch Bar launched, Apple TV app, Brexit pricing and more Apple announces it will take part in this year's Black Friday The Best Computer Mice Popular 8 comments The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers Load Comments 2 ... User Comments: 2 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 110 Which is your favorite PC component manufacturer? 118 What type of keyboard do you use? 34 The $35, 64-bit Raspberry Pi 3 is here: now 50 percent faster and with built-in Wi-Fi Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Trending: App Dev Cloud Data Center Mobile Open Source Security Deep Dives Reviews Resources/White Papers Search infoworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Why a cross-platform Microsoft is good for your business SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Review: Spark lights up machine learning More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Analytics All Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence Application Development All Application Development Java JavaScript Node.js Careers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Storage IaaS PaaS SaaS Collaboration Databases All Databases Hadoop NoSQL Datacenters All Datacenters Devops Disaster Recovery Systems Management Hardware Internet of Things Mobile All Mobile Android BYOD Mobile Apps Mobile Development Mobile Management iOS Networking All Networking Internet SDN Wi-Fi Open Source Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux MacOS Microsoft Windows Security Software All Software Browsers Desktop Software Office Software Storage Virtualization See All Technologies News Blogs Reviews Tech Watch Insider articles Newsletters Deep Dives Slideshows Video Resources/White Papers × Close Home Operating Systems Microsoft Windows Woody on Windows By Woody Leonhard Senior Contributing Editor |Follow 2 easy steps to speed up Windows 7 Update scans Based on a technique created by a German blogger, here's how to stop wasting hours checking for Windows 7 updates InfoWorld | Aug 9, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Thinkstock More like this Here's how to significantly speed up Windows 7 scans for updates Microsoft releases KB 3161647, KB 3161608 to fix slow Windows 7 update scans Windows 7 update scans taking forever? KB 3153199 may solve the problem Video The Windows 8.1 user's guide to navigating Windows 10 I’ve been complaining about slow Windows 7 updates since April. Running “check for updates” in Win7 shouldn’t take more than a few minutes, even on a very slow line. Instead, we’ve seen checks that take hours -- sometimes many hours. Your machine bogs down to the point where it’s unusable, and it may stay that way for the better part of a day. Fortunately, thanks to German language site wu.krelay.de, we now appear to have a simple solution. Microsoft has released a series of speed-up patches, but all of them come with significant baggage -- if they even work. In April, AskWoody poster EP discovered that the unlikely combination of two unrelated patches, KB 3138612 and KB 3145739 -- a Windows Update patch paired with a graphics security patch -- sped up the scans significantly. As of May 10, that patch combination stopped working and Windows Update scans turned from tolerable to infuriating. [ InfoWorld has you covered through all stages of Windows 10. Download the Windows 10 installation superguide and the ultimate Windows 10 survivor kit, both available as PDFs. | Stay up on key Microsoft technologies with the Windows Report newsletter. ] Later in May, Microsoft issued KB 3153199, another security patch that, when combined with KB 3138612, put Windows Update back in the “tolerable” category. It didn’t work for long, either. Continuing the whack-a-mole approach, in June Microsoft released a weird optional (unchecked) amalgamated patch called KB 3161608, which worked, but in order to get the speedup part going you had to install six completely unrelated patches. Then in July, Microsoft pulled KB 3161608 and replaced it with optional patch KB 3172605. It, too, was optional and unchecked -- if you wanted it, you had to specifically check the box in Windows Update to install it. Documentation’s sketchy, but it looks like the July patch also comes adorned with six completely unrelated patches, and it has a “known issue” in blowing away Intel Bluetooth connections. As I kvetched last month: I don't know about you, but I'm getting very sick of Microsoft's repeated bungling in this Windows 7 Update debacle. If the company put one-thousandth the effort into fixing Win7 Update as it has into enticing users to install Windows 10, the problem would've been fixed months ago. One billion machines running two or four or six hours a month, doing nothing. Now, with August Patch Tuesday upon us, it looks like the ol’ mole is back. I say enough. It’s time to cut the monthly encumbered official update out of the equation. German blogger Dalai, posting on wu.krelay.de/en, has been pointing the way since March. I promised Dalai that I would boil his procedure down to a series of “For Dummies”-worthy steps. With the help of AskWoody poster ch100 and drawing on EP’s early efforts, here’s the result. I have included download links for Windows 7. If you want to try this on Vista or Windows 8.1, consult wu.krelay.de/en for details. Step 1. Make sure you have KB 3078601, 3109094, 3138612, 3145739, and 3164033 installed You only have to do this once. To see if you're missing any of them, you can check the Windows Updates installed updates list (Start, Control Panel, under Windows Update click View installed updates). But it’s probably easier to download all of them and try to install them. If one is already installed, the installer will tell you -- no harm done. Step 1a. Make sure you know if you have a 32-bit (so-called “x86”) or 64-bit (“x64”) version of Windows 7. If you’re not sure, click Start, right-click Computer, choose Properties, and look under System type. Step 1b. Use any browser to go to each patch download site: KB 3078601  x64 x32 KB 3109094  x64  x32 KB 3138612  x64  x32 KB 3145739  x64  x32 KB 3164033  x64  x32 Step 1c. On each of those sites, Click Download. You’ll get an MSU file. In Chrome and IE, by default, you see an offer to either Open or Save the file. Save it. In Firefox, by default, the file downloads. These Microsoft servers are notorious for freezing -- sometimes the download won’t start, sometimes it won’t finish. If that happens to you, try reloading the page (click the circle-arrow near the address bar). You can also switch browsers. In any case, if you experience oddities while trying to download you aren’t the only one. Step 1d. Turn off Windows Update. The least confusing way to do that is to click Start > Control Panel > System and Security > Administrative Tools. Double-click on Services. Scroll down the list of Services and click once on Windows Update. Then, in the upper-left corner, click the link marked Stop. Step 1e. Double-click to run each of the five downloaded files. If the installer says you already have the patch, smile and go on to the next. Running those five updates will get you set up for the one significant update you need to run each month. Unless something weird changes (hey, this is Windows), you never need to go through Step 1 again. Step 2. Find this month’s favored patch and install it Unfortunately, the patch itself changes from month to month -- or at least, it has changed in every month since March. Here’s how to finish the job: Step 2a. Go to wu.krelay.de/en and find the latest magical patch. It’s listed at the top of the first table on the wu.krelay.de/en site. In July, the magic patch was KB 3168965. No doubt there will be a new one in August and another in September -- for however long we have to struggle with slow Win7 updates. Step 2b. Armed with the knowledge about whether your Windows 7 installation is 32- or 64-bit, use the links in that first table with any browser to download the correct patch. Step 2c. Save the patch but don’t install it. Step 2d. Make sure the Windows Update service is stopped. See Step 1d above. Step 2e. Double-click to run the downloaded patch. Step 2f. Reboot, as instructed after the patch is installed. (The Windows Update service will restart itself.) Then click on Start, Control Panel, and under Windows Update click Check for updates. If all went well, the check should take a few short minutes. My thanks -- and deep admiration -- to Dalai, ch100, and EP. To comment on this article and other InfoWorld content, visit InfoWorld's LinkedIn page, Facebook page and Twitter stream. Related: Microsoft Windows Woody Leonhard is a senior contributing editor at InfoWorld and author of dozens of Windows books, including Windows 10 All-in-One for Dummies. From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Most Read 10 reasons you shouldn't upgrade to Windows 10 You may still be better off sticking with Win7 or Win8.1, given the wide range of ongoing Win10... The case against Windows 10 Anniversary Update grows Microsoft releases KB 3161647, KB 3161608 to fix slow Windows 7 update scans Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews, and analyses on your favorite technology topics. Get our InfoWorld Daily Newsletter: Go Windows 10 upgrade stuck at 99 percent? Here are your options Now that we're down to the wire, many upgraders report that the installer hangs. If this happens to... Microsoft yanks buggy speed-up patch KB 3161608, replaces it with KB 3172605 Microsoft and Intel are in a standoff when it comes to Bluetooth bugs in the Windows Update speed-up... Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native Video/Webcast Sponsored Our DevOps Journey: Transforming 6 Month Waterfalls to 1 Hour Code Deploys eBook Sponsored 10 Critical Requirements for Optimizing Application Delivery Go Top Stories First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last Xamarin-inspired IDE will allow C# and F# programmers to develop for iOS, Mac, and Android on a single... Disney's best releases may be its open source tools From animation to MacOS admin tools, the animation giant opens up Why Amazon picked MXNet for deep learning Amazon plans to further develop this compact and versatile machine learning framework. Hosting it at... NativeScript deepens ties to Angular 2 The JavaScript framework's 2017 road map includes accommodations for Chrome tools and Windows 10 Sponsored Links Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? InfoWorld Follow us Analytics Application Development Careers Cloud Computing Collaboration Databases Datacenters Hardware Internet of Things Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Software Storage Virtualization News Blogs Reviews Insider Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 InfoWorld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

  Foreign Affairs Defense Affairs Provincial News N. Korea Embassy Foreign Community Education Issue Today Airlines Video Obituary Country Report Multicultural Youth Award Korean Medical Pioneers Unsung Heroes Business Finance Stock Industry Meet The CEO Automotive Economic Essay Contest Rediscovering Korean History Briefs Mobile Science Game Life Arts & Museums Hallyu Fashion Book Entertainment Korean Masters Traditional Movie Music Performance Religion Weekender Around Town Translation Award Graphic News Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2016 Rio Olympics Briefs Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Country Report Today's Topic PodCast Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Thu, November 24, 2016 | 05:28    Forgot password?|Register| Subscription 구독신청 | PDF |Site map        ENGLISH   l   KOREAN   /            Money> Business> Posted : 2016-08-09 10:43 Updated : 2016-08-09 10:43 Samsung expected to raise capital spending by 120 percent in H2 Global chipmaker Samsung Electronics Co. is predicted to raise capital spending by 120 percent in the second half of this year, according to a market researcher IC Insights on Tuesday. Two other semiconductor heavyweights ― Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC) and Intel Corp. ― are also forecast to increase their capital spending in the second half, joining a race to boost production lines for vertical NAND memory chips and non-memory chips for smartphone applications. IC Insights expected Samsung to spend $7.5 billion in facility investment in the second half, compared with $3.4 billion in the first half of this year. TSMC is predicted to spend $6.5 billion in the second half, up 92 percent from the January-June period this year. Intel is forecast to spend $5.8 billion in the second half, up 61 percent from the January-June period, according to IC Insights. Samsung officials have said the company will focus on expanding production lines for vertical NAND memory chips. But Samsung's total capital spending for the semiconductor business this year is likely to fall 15 percent on year to $11 billion, according to the market researcher. (Yonhap)   'Romantic Doctor' tops 20 percent view... 'Openness to Korean cuisine helped gai... S.E.S to release new song after 14 yea... One-person media channel coming to TV [IT'S GOOD FOR YOUR GAME] Distance bef... Cisco ramps up Internet of Things in K... 1. Presidential office voices hope for 'balanced, neutral' independent counsel 2. Hyundai Heavy labor union threatens to launch full-scale strike 3. Korea to swiftly deal with possible US protectionist measures: minister 4. PyeongChang 2018 test event to kick off this week 5. FTC orders Boehringer, Sanofi to sell assets in Korea 6. N. Koreans join startup nurturing program in Singapore 7. S. Korea, Japan sign pact to share military information 8. Kim Yu-na inducted into Korea's sports Hall of Fame 1. Sharp cold snap grips country tomorrow 2. Why did President need Viagra? 3. 'Did I commit anything wrong?' says President Park 4. President's '7 missing hours' still shrouded in mystery 5. Hallyu falls victim to Korea-China diplomatic row 6. ZARA Korea chief attacked for ridiculing anti-Park protesters 7. Make President Park resign, get a free drink: retailers 8. S. Korea's biggest diplomatic risk: its President 9. Protesters divided by 'Park Geun-hye Gate' 10. President's 'time-reversing' visage wrinkles a few brows | Hyundai Development Company (HDC) Chairman Chung Mong-gyu, right, po... A Hyundai Motor’s Santa Fe patrol car pulled near a conference... University students demand President Park Geun-hye step down over he... A model promotes LG Electronics’ smart inverter microwave oven... Models promote Chinese handset maker Huawei’s premium smartpho... About Times | Times History | Privacy Statement (개인정보 취급방침) | Contents Distribution | Media Kit | Contact Us | Location | Ombudsman | NIETimes      
Trending: 2017 CIO 100 Call for Entries State of the CIO Careers Consumer Tech IT Strategy Security CIO Role Mobile Resources/White Papers Search cio Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Why a cross-platform Microsoft is good for your business 3 ingredients of a successful attack 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Artificial Intelligence Big Data CIO 100 Symposium and Awards Careers/Staffing Cloud Computing Consumer Technology Developers Hardware Healthcare IT Industry IT Strategy All IT Strategy CIO Role CMO Role Innovation Leadership and Management Outsourcing Infrastructure All Infrastructure Data Center Networking Storage Virtualization Insider Threats Internet All Internet Marketing Mobile All Mobile Mobile Apps Mobile Management Smartphones Tablets Wearables Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux Windows Security All Security Cybersecurity Disaster Recovery Malware Privacy Regulation Software Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality Contact Us Magazine Subscription Services Archive News Opinion Resources Slideshows Video More CIO Executive Council CIO Events Newsletters RSS Blogs × Close Home Security Windows Security Consumer Tech Radar By Bill Snyder |Follow Opinion Windows 10 Anniversary Update is infested with bugs Microsoft's massive Windows 10 Anniversary Update has caused major problems for some users, and at this point it's a good idea to avoid the OS completely until the company squashes some of the bigger bugs. CIO | Aug 9, 2016 5:37 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Thinkstock More like this Review: Windows 10 Anniversary Update fails to excite Microsoft fixes Windows 10's Anniversary Update freezing 20 fixes for a Windows 10 update meltdown Video Microsoft Surface Pro Intel i7 review Last month, I warned readers that Microsoft's Windows 10 Anniversary Update would likely be somewhat buggy and suggested consumers should wait awhile before installing it. Unfortunately, my advice proved valid. Windows 10 Anniversary Update infestation There are widespread reports of significant bugs in the update, and they're causing systems to freeze, browsers to misbehave, and peripherals — including Xbox One controllers — to malfunction. Two major antivirus companies also warn that incompatibilities with Windows 10 could open up users to security risks. [ Also on CIO.com: Your step-by-step guide to repairing Windows 10 ] Making matters worse, Microsoft recently changed its policy regarding rollbacks to previous versions of the Windows OS. In the past, users who upgraded to Windows 10 from a previous version had 30 days to reverse the process and restore an older OS. Today, Windows users have a grace period of only 10 days to rollback the Anniversary Update. All major software updates are likely to ship with at least a few bugs. However, the volume and potential seriousness of the Anniversary Update's reported problems seem unusual. By waiting to install the update you lose nothing, and you could save yourself a good deal of wasted time and effort. If you already installed the update and haven't experienced any problems, you may not have to worry. If you are having problems, you should perform the rollback as soon as possible. Microsoft will likely fix the issues sooner than later. Windows 10 is ultimately a solid OS, and the update will make it better once it's patched. (We asked Microsoft for a comment on the bug reports but have not yet received a response.) Anniversary Update and busted antivirus Microsoft works closely with security software developers, so it's somewhat surprising to McAfee and Avast warn users not to install certain versions of their products on PCs running the latest software. Here's what McAfee (owned by Intel) said in a blog post: WARNING: Intel Security has worked closely with Microsoft to ensure that McAfee security software and hardware products are fully compatible with Windows 10 Anniversary Edition endpoints. However, do not upgrade to the Windows 10 Anniversary Update without first verifying whether your McAfee product is compatible. Microsoft was supposed to check for incompatibilities, according to the McAfee post, "but due to time constraints, Microsoft could not implement the intended version check in the Windows 10 Anniversary Update." Seriously? Microsoft couldn't spare the time to protect its customers? That's not acceptable. Avast offered a similar warning but said most users haven't had issues with the update. The problems with the Anniversary Update started to appear soon after the software went live on August 2, according to InfoWorld.com's Woody Leonhard. A related Reddit thread Leonhard cited now has nearly 700 comments. The Windows Start menu was also apparently affected, and according to one report, Microsoft is aware of the issue and has promised, but not yet delivered, a fix. To paraphrase our Brit friends: Keep calm and carry on — but don't upgrade your Windows OS.  To comment on this article and other CIO content, visit us on Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter. Related: Windows Security Consumer Technology Security Windows Operating Systems San Francisco journalist Bill Snyder covers business and technology. He writes regularly for CIO.com, Stanford's Graduate School of Business, and the Haas School of Business at the University of California at Berkeley. Download the CIO October 2016 Digital Magazine You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular On CIO.com EVGA GTX 1060 3GB review: A compelling $200 graphics card with a questionable Nvidia's new 3GB version of the GeForce GTX 1060 goes toe-to-toe with the $200 Radeon RX 480—in theory. Your guide to top tech conferences IDG Contributor Network Apple Pencil: 9 great note-taking apps Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go Deep-dive review: The iPhone 7 Plus is the best iPhone yet Apple has to out-execute itself (and its rivals) every year to coerce millions of users to upgrade and... 6 things you'll love about the Moto Z Droids — and 6 you won't The new Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Droid Force are now available from Verizon and Motorola. They’re some... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Centrify My Big Data Commercial Applications Are Secure, Right? Sponsored by Connection Users Hold the Keys to Better Mobile Security Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native White Paper Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Featured Stories How FedEx is shaving millions from its IT costs FedEx has saved hundreds of millions of dollars by eliminating redundant applications and reorienting... Use gamification to improve employee engagement The sophomore slump doesn't just happen college students and professional athletes. It happens in the... Beware T-Mobile's 'free' iPhone 7 offer T-Mobile's Black Friday offer includes 'free' Apple iPhone 7s and Samsung Galaxys, but details in the... Cross-platform Microsoft is good for your business Microsoft is preaching the mantra ‘any developer, any app, any platform.’ But it’s not just dev tools.... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? CIO Follow us Feature News News Analysis Opinion Slideshows Videos Sign up for Newsletters Sign up for Insider About CIO Ad Choices Advertising Careers at IDG Contact Us E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Copyright © 1994 - 2016 CXO Media Inc. a subsidiary of IDG Enterprise Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Nvmef Data Center Virtualization Mangstor has unleashed an NVMe TITAN over fabrics array software Shared external access under 200 microseconds 9 Aug 2016 at 10:54, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ibm, Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp Recent Articles HPE StoreVirtual gets low-cost ARM-powered variant Pivot3 positions itself for possible IPO Seagate's flash advice: Don't buy foundry when you can get the chips for cheap The NVMe over fabrics array access wave is gathering strength. NVMe-over-fabrics array flasher Mangstor has introduced its TITAN NVMe over Fabric (NVMf) target software storage stack. It integrates NVMe SSDs with Remote Direct Memory Access (RDMA) Network Interface Cards (NICs) to deliver accelerated application response times, storage resource sharing, tiering, scalability, and connectivity to existing SANs. The software has storage caching, cluster management, and NIC support up to 100 Gbit/s speeds. It supports multiple fabric options, including Mellanox RoCE (Ethernet) and Infiniband, as well as Intel’s OmniPath RDMA fabric. IT managers can deploy and dynamically provision NAND flash memory locally or remotely from clusters of NVMf storage, with centralised management via a scalable REST API and GUI tools. Ashwin Kamath, Mangstor’s SVP for Engineering, gave a canned quote: “Accelerated application response times are the big advantage of NVMf arrays as they deliver Read and Write latencies comparable with internal PCIe SSDs. TITAN delivers sustained performance of millions of IOPS, with latencies under 200μs, and an order of magnitude better than typical FC or iSCSI interfaces - in fact, on the NX6320 2U supported platform, TITAN has been measured at up to 10x higher bandwidth and one-tenth the latency when compared to iSCSI and FC-based AFAs.” That's the killer aspect of NVMeF arrays; they're vastly quicker access than Fibre Channel or iSCSI arrays, with Mangstor and other NVMeF suppliers hoping there are enough latency-sensitive apps out there to build demand. Mangstor says performance scales linearly as arrays are added to its cluster, up to petabytes of capacity and hundreds of GB/sec, with consistently low latency. The TITAN software is available for OEM customers and storage provider partners worldwide. It can be checked out at the Flash Memory Summit in Santa Clara, August 9-11, Booth #601. Mangstor’s NX-Series Storage Arrays are available through its worldwide sales channel of distributors, resellers, system integrators and manufacturing representatives. Sales and pricing information is available by emailing sales@mangstor.com. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register No software changes needed to use E8's screaming fast arrays Backgrounder NVMe fabric-attached all-flash array coming in August with 10 million 4K IOPS 2 Comments Software-defined storage is glitzy, but E8 and Nimbus are still delivering hardware Comment High-end all-flash testing methodologies needed 5 Comments Israeli upstart E8 reckons it's hit storage's Holy Grail. Hmm DSSD competitor squares up for market struggle 3 Comments Flashy startup E8 set to launch after cash injection VC funding clears way for product, sales and marketing build-out 2 Comments Intel completes epic $16.7bn Altera swallow, fills self with vitamin IoT Chipzilla likely desperate to dump ailing PC market 30 Comments Storage upstart E8 claims it has a 10 million IOPS flash dazzler. Hmm Long on marketing and PR, short on technical detail so far 4 Comments Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight AWS has made VMware the Airbnb of the cloud Going hyperconverged? Don't forget to burst into the cloud Is hyperconvergence about to take over the enterprise data centre? HPE core servers and storage under pressure NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Prosecutors raid inspection unit controlled by former presidential aide The Korea Herald > Business > Technology Samsung likely to spend more on chips than rivals in H2   Published : 2016-08-09 16:02 Updated : 2016-08-09 16:02 Samsung Electronics is expected to spend more on facility investment than its rivals in the second half of this year to maintain its dominance in the 3-D NAND flash segment, amid heated rivalry in the global semiconductor market. According to market research firm IC Insights, Samsung is predicted to increase its capital expenditure by 120 percent in the July-December period from $3.4 billion in the previous half to $7.5 billion. The research firm had earlier forecast that Samsung would spend about $11 billion as capital spending around this year. Samsung unloading more than two-thirds of its annual investment on facilities in the second half of the year is seen as a move to gain an upper hand amid intensifying competition with two other semiconductor heavyweights. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. and Intel Corp. are also likely to increase their capital spending in the same period to expand production lines for vertical NAND memory chips and non-memory chips for smartphones, the firm said. In the second half, TSMC is likely to spend $6.5 billion, a 92 percent increase from the previous half, while Intel is expected to spend $5.8 billion, a 61 percent increase. The South Korean chipmaker has said that it aims to expand its production lines for vertical NAND memory chips, in which the memory cells are laid vertically in multiple stages. The 3-D NAND has a higher density than 2-D NAND and costs lower per bit. Samsung is expected to make up 63 percent of overall 3-D NAND production capacity this year, according to a report by Hi Investment and Securities. By Cho Chung-un (christory@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Prosecutors raid inspection ... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Companies see net profit ri... 4. Terrorism deaths fall in 20... 5. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 6. Dutch prince encourages Kore... 7. SR offers free SRT tickets f... 8. Samsung seeks new growth in ... 9. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 10. State-run LX expands access ... 1. Anger at Park brings out mis... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Justice minister, presidenti... 4. Park's actions warrant impea... 5. K-pop groups soar on Billboa... 6. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 7. Jang’s meddling 8. Recapping a month of Choi s... 9. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 10. Korean dramas escape to fant... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Thu, Nov 24, 2016 | Updated 01.56 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP Here's how US government plans to make driving safer for smartphone users Panasonic to launch new air purifier range in India Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano to launch in first week of December 2016 Samsung announces buy now, 'pay later' offer on durables Pegasystems ties up with TalentSprint to expand academic programme FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News A look at Apple and other m-cap meltdowns Apple's $ 280 billion dollar m-cap loss recently is the world’s third largest for private companies. ET takes a look at blue chips.ET Bureau | Updated: Aug 9, 2016, 11.05 AM IST Apple Inc has seen $ 280 billion in m-cap go up in smoke in 444 trading days – in the period February 2015 to May 2016. It's not just brick and mortar companies which have destroyed investor wealth in the last two decades. Data shows many titans of the new economy such as Apple, Microsoft, Intel, Vodafone, and Cisco have shed hundreds of billions of dollars of market value in a short span of time in the past two decades. Apple Inc has seen $280 billion in m-cap go in 444 trading days - in the period February 2015 to May 2016. Apple's m-cap meltdown is the third largest globally for private companies. Microsoft's $392 billion m-cap fall in 359 days during the bursting of the 1999-2000 dotcom bubble, and GE's $360 billion m-cap destruction in 521 days during the 2007-08 global financial crisis occupy the first and second slots on this list. Trust a Chinese state giant to hold the world record when it comes to m-cap meltdown — PetroChina, the state-owned oil and gas behemoth, which was the world's first company to pass $1 trillion in m-cap, lost $750 billion in just 357 days in 2007-08, in the great Chinese stock market crash. Back home in India, Reliance Industries, which beat the Sensex in calendar year 2015 after a gap of seven years, is the biggest wealth destroyer in absolute terms. The company's m-cap fell by Rs 3 lakh crore between January 14 and October 24, 2008, when the financial crisis was playing out in India. As in China, in India, too, sarkari giants are vulnerable to huge m-cap meltdowns. ONGC, NMDC, NTPC, BHEL, Coal India and Sail are companies which have, in a bad period, lost over Rs 1 lakh crore each from their all-time high valuations. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPad Pro, iPhone 7 available at a discount of up to Rs 28,900 Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers TCS: Cyrus Mistry caused 'enormous harm' to the IT company RCom launches Rs 149 monthly plan offering unlimited voice calls, 300MB data WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 How Indian companies are cashing on Pokemon Go craze Government may allow price band in Tata-DoCoMo-like deals New iPhone to have dual camera but no headphone jack Biggest spectrum sale from September 29 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime goes on sale today on Flipkart GoJavas to restructure its business model, may go for layoffs India to have 13.5% share in global smartphone market by 2019: Study Prisma app gets an update, adds cropping feature and more India's home to Accenture's 37% staff 1A look at Apple and other m-cap meltdowns 2How Indian companies are cashing on Pokemon Go craze 3Government may allow price band in Tata-DoCoMo-like deals 4New iPhone to have dual camera but no headphone jack 5Biggest spectrum sale from September 29 6Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime goes on sale today on Flipkart 7GoJavas to restructure its business model, may go for layoffs 8India to have 13.5% share in global smartphone market by 2019: Study 9Prisma app gets an update, adds cropping feature and more 10India's home to Accenture's 37% staff GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia P1 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oppo F1s 64GB Umi Plus E Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
  Guru3D.com Forums > Videocards > Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Asus Styrix GTX 780 ti (6GB) vs Nvidia Quadro 4000 for geomagic/3D rendering User Name Remember Me? Password Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce This forum is all about NVIDIA graphics cards and related technology. Do you have a question regarding an older GeForce videocard? Likely we have the answer.   Thread Tools Display Modes Asus Styrix GTX 780 ti (6GB) vs Nvidia Quadro 4000 for geomagic/3D rendering   (#1) mystvearn Newbie   Videocard: GT730,GTX770ti,GTX 780... Processor: i3, i5, i5, Mainboard: too many Pc's to list Memory: Soundcard: PSU: 500W, 650W, 550W Asus Styrix GTX 780 ti (6GB) vs Nvidia Quadro 4000 for geomagic/3D rendering - 08-09-2016, 05:17 | posts: 25 Hi, I have an Asus Styrix GTX 780 (6GB OC) which is for research and I am planning to run Geomagic Freeform Plus (software + haptic feedback input). The industrial trend is to run it with Nvidia Quadro lines. My friend has a setup with Nvidia Quadro 4000 which is suggested by Geomagic. Aside from the card, my PC setup is as follows: Kingston 256 GB SSD Intel i5-4690 Asus H97M-E 16 GB Kingston DDR3 1600 CM RS 750W I have run Freeform Plus on the PC, it sorts of perform well with Freeform. However, I am not sure what benchmarking numbers are meaningful when comparing with the Quadro 4000. The Quadro has 2GB ram. It seems that the GTX is faster, though I am not sure if the results show mean anything. The review here shows that 6 GB matter. Any ideas what benchmark tool to run and what to look out for? I have to run the GTX as my other 3D landmarking software runs better on GTX than on the Quadro 4000. Thanks     mystvearn View Public Profile Find all posts by mystvearn     (#2) Han2K Master Guru     Videocard: MSI GTX 1080 Gaming X Processor: i7-2600K 3.4Ghz@4.7Ghz Mainboard: ASUS P8P67 DELUXE Memory: G.Skill 16GB@2133 CL9 Soundcard: Xonar DGSI & HyperX Cloud PSU: Corsair HX750 08-09-2016, 09:24 | posts: 187 | Location: Spain According to these sites I'd say the 780ti is well ahead of the Quadro K4000: http://gpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare...Ti/m7730vs2165 https://versus.com/en/nvidia-geforce...a-quadro-k4000     Han2K View Public Profile Find all posts by Han2K   (#3) mystvearn Newbie   Videocard: GT730,GTX770ti,GTX 780... Processor: i3, i5, i5, Mainboard: too many Pc's to list Memory: Soundcard: PSU: 500W, 650W, 550W 08-09-2016, 09:30 | posts: 25 Quote: Originally Posted by Han2K According to these sites I'd say the 780ti is well ahead of the Quadro K4000: http://gpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare...Ti/m7730vs2165 https://versus.com/en/nvidia-geforce...a-quadro-k4000 Yes. Looks like it. It says here as well. http://www.game-debate.com/gpu/index...vs-quadro-4000 Only that when I watch this video, I'm slightly worried about the advantages of the Quadro. Raw benchmark numbers show the 780 should be more than enough.     mystvearn View Public Profile Find all posts by mystvearn   (#4) jura11 Maha Guru     Videocard: Titan X SC GTX 1080 AMP! Processor: i7-5820k 4.4GHz NH-D15 Mainboard: ASRock X99 Extreme 6 Memory: 6x16GB DDR4 2133MHz LPX Soundcard: AVID Mbox 2 PSU: Seasonic X1250W 08-09-2016, 15:27 | posts: 899 | Location: London Hi there Really depends how SW is written,in some SW like AutoCAD or AutoDesk SW Quadro is better option or like GTX cards You can try to download SPECviewperf benchmark and test yours card Have look I do use AutoDesk SW like is 3DS Max,Maya and few other SW which are using OpenGL my older GTX 780 has been OK there,in my case that card just have 3GB and in some scenes I've been running out of the VRAM,right now on Titan X I don't have such issue With yours GTX 780 6GB you should be just OK,you can try download modified Quadro drivers which can help Yours card is still great card and is still popular in rendering as have good performance in rendering SW like is IRAY,Octane or Blender Cycles etc Hope this helps Thanks,Jura     jura11 View Public Profile Find all posts by jura11     (#5) Undying Ancient Guru     Videocard: R9 280X @ 1170/1500 Processor: Intel i5 @ 4.8Ghz 1.38v Mainboard: GA-Z68XP-UD3P Memory: HyperX-16GB @ 2133Mhz Soundcard: Onboard PSU: Tt Toughpower 775W 08-09-2016, 15:29 | posts: 8,655 | Location: Serbia, NS Isnt the 780ti 6GB essentially a Titan Black?     Undying View Public Profile Find all posts by Undying   (#6) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W 08-09-2016, 15:53 | posts: 8,413 | Location: USA Quote: Originally Posted by Undying Isnt the 780ti 6GB essentially a Titan Black? Only in games, it does not have the double precision performance of it.     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#7) LuckyNumber8 Master Guru   Videocard: 1070GTX Processor: i5 3570K @ 4.4 GHz Mainboard: ASROCK Z77pro4 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi Ti + z906 Logitech PSU: Corsair 700W 08-10-2016, 14:08 | posts: 631 | Location: Poland 6GB vram on 780ti? 780GTX had that amount of vram, but I have never heard about 780ti with 6GB vram besides titan black (and that titan card has double precision enabled). That asus strix is just GTX 780 chip, not 780ti     LuckyNumber8 View Public Profile Find all posts by LuckyNumber8   (#8) mystvearn Newbie   Videocard: GT730,GTX770ti,GTX 780... Processor: i3, i5, i5, Mainboard: too many Pc's to list Memory: Soundcard: PSU: 500W, 650W, 550W 08-17-2016, 11:08 | posts: 25 Thanks for the replies. I have tested it. It does work well. Was also emailing geomagic. So I guess I won't be needing a quadro.     mystvearn View Public Profile Find all posts by mystvearn « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Flink Forward Berlin 2016 + Add Your Event Events rss feed View All Conference | View All Events Monday Sep 12, 2016 - Wednesday Sep 14, 2016 Starts 8:00 and Ends 17:00 (UTC+01:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna EMEA Berlin Add to Your Calendar Add to Outlook / iCal Add to Google Calendar Add to Yahoo Calendar View Event Registration Details Description Flink Forward, the conference for Apache Flink, will bring together the open source stream processing community with� more than 40 sessions featuring deep dives into Flink’s production use cases, new applications, developer insights, and hands-on trainings. It will feature presentations from Accenture, Alibaba, Amazon Web Services, Bouygues Telecom, Capital One, Cisco, Cloudera, data Artisans, EMC, Google, Hortonworks, Intel, King.com, MapR, mgm tp, MTA ZTAKI, Netflix, New Relic, Otto group, People Pattern, Red Hat, ResearchGate, SAP Hybris, SICS Swedish ICT, TNG Technology Consulting, and Zalando. The event is currently sponsored by data Artisans, Google’s Cloud Platform, Huawei, Intel and MapR. Topics at Flink Forward range from using Flink and other Apache projects to build scalable streaming infrastructure for IoT and global internet services to in-depth technical talks on the internals of stream processing technologies. Some highlights include: Monal Daxini, Senior Software Engineer, Netflix, Inc. –� Beaming Flink to the Cloud at Netflix� Xiaowei Jiang, Director, Alibaba –� Blink: Improvements to Flink and its application in Alibaba Search� Kenneth Knowles, Cloud and Data Engineer, Google –� Apache Beam: A Unified Model for Batch and Streaming Data Processing Ari Flink, Solutions Architect, Cisco –� OpenStack anomaly detection with Flink Ted Dunning, Chief Application Architect, MapR Technologies –� Faster and Furiouser: Flink Drift Stephan Ewen, CTO, data Artisans –� Scaling stream processing with Flink to very large state Registration Details Featured Events Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management North America, Online Webinar Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late North America, Online Webinar Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit North America, Las Vegas Conference Dec 8 [CMSWire Webinar] Redefine Your Digital Asset Strategy for 2017 North America, Online Webinar Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 North America, Chicago Conference Add Calendar Event * required info Contact Info First Name Last Name Company Title Email Phone Event Details Event Name or Title Event Type Conference CommunityEvent Hangout Meetup Panel Roadshow Seminar Training TweetJam UserGroup Webinar Start Date Time End Date Time Url Location Enter city name or 'online' Geographic Region North America South America EMEA APAC Online Time Zone (UTC-12:00) International Date Line West (UTC-11:00) Coordinated Universal Time-11 (UTC-10:00) Aleutian Islands (UTC-10:00) Hawaii (UTC-09:30) Marquesas Islands (UTC-09:00) Alaska (UTC-09:00) Coordinated Universal Time-09 (UTC-08:00) Baja California (UTC-08:00) Coordinated Universal Time-08 (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada) (UTC-07:00) Arizona (UTC-07:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan (UTC-07:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada) (UTC-06:00) Central America (UTC-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada) (UTC-06:00) Easter Island (UTC-06:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey (UTC-06:00) Saskatchewan (UTC-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco (UTC-05:00) Chetumal (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada) (UTC-05:00) Haiti (UTC-05:00) Havana (UTC-05:00) Indiana (East) (UTC-04:00) Asuncion (UTC-04:00) Atlantic Time (Canada) (UTC-04:00) Caracas (UTC-04:00) Cuiaba (UTC-04:00) Georgetown, La Paz, Manaus, San Juan (UTC-04:00) Santiago (UTC-04:00) Turks and Caicos (UTC-03:30) Newfoundland (UTC-03:00) Araguaina (UTC-03:00) Brasilia (UTC-03:00) Cayenne, Fortaleza (UTC-03:00) City of Buenos Aires (UTC-03:00) Greenland (UTC-03:00) Montevideo (UTC-03:00) Saint Pierre and Miquelon (UTC-03:00) Salvador (UTC-02:00) Coordinated Universal Time-02 (UTC-02:00) Mid-Atlantic - Old (UTC-01:00) Azores (UTC-01:00) Cabo Verde Is. (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time (UTC+00:00) Casablanca (UTC+00:00) Dublin, Edinburgh, Lisbon, London (UTC+00:00) Monrovia, Reykjavik (UTC+01:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna (UTC+01:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague (UTC+01:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris (UTC+01:00) Sarajevo, Skopje, Warsaw, Zagreb (UTC+01:00) West Central Africa (UTC+01:00) Windhoek (UTC+02:00) Amman (UTC+02:00) Athens, Bucharest (UTC+02:00) Beirut (UTC+02:00) Cairo (UTC+02:00) Chisinau (UTC+02:00) Damascus (UTC+02:00) Gaza, Hebron (UTC+02:00) Harare, Pretoria (UTC+02:00) Helsinki, Kyiv, Riga, Sofia, Tallinn, Vilnius (UTC+02:00) Istanbul (UTC+02:00) Jerusalem (UTC+02:00) Kaliningrad (UTC+02:00) Tripoli (UTC+03:00) Baghdad (UTC+03:00) Kuwait, Riyadh (UTC+03:00) Minsk (UTC+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd (UTC+03:00) Nairobi (UTC+03:30) Tehran (UTC+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat (UTC+04:00) Astrakhan, Ulyanovsk (UTC+04:00) Baku (UTC+04:00) Izhevsk, Samara (UTC+04:00) Port Louis (UTC+04:00) Tbilisi (UTC+04:00) Yerevan (UTC+04:30) Kabul (UTC+05:00) Ashgabat, Tashkent (UTC+05:00) Ekaterinburg (UTC+05:00) Islamabad, Karachi (UTC+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi (UTC+05:30) Sri Jayawardenepura (UTC+05:45) Kathmandu (UTC+06:00) Astana (UTC+06:00) Dhaka (UTC+06:00) Omsk (UTC+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon) (UTC+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta (UTC+07:00) Barnaul, Gorno-Altaysk (UTC+07:00) Hovd (UTC+07:00) Krasnoyarsk (UTC+07:00) Novosibirsk (UTC+07:00) Tomsk (UTC+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi (UTC+08:00) Irkutsk (UTC+08:00) Kuala Lumpur, Singapore (UTC+08:00) Perth (UTC+08:00) Taipei (UTC+08:00) Ulaanbaatar (UTC+08:30) Pyongyang (UTC+08:45) Eucla (UTC+09:00) Chita (UTC+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo (UTC+09:00) Seoul (UTC+09:00) Yakutsk (UTC+09:30) Adelaide (UTC+09:30) Darwin (UTC+10:00) Brisbane (UTC+10:00) Canberra, Melbourne, Sydney (UTC+10:00) Guam, Port Moresby (UTC+10:00) Hobart (UTC+10:00) Vladivostok (UTC+10:30) Lord Howe Island (UTC+11:00) Bougainville Island (UTC+11:00) Chokurdakh (UTC+11:00) Magadan (UTC+11:00) Norfolk Island (UTC+11:00) Sakhalin (UTC+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia (UTC+12:00) Anadyr, Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky (UTC+12:00) Auckland, Wellington (UTC+12:00) Coordinated Universal Time+12 (UTC+12:00) Fiji (UTC+12:00) Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky - Old (UTC+12:45) Chatham Islands (UTC+13:00) Nuku'alofa (UTC+13:00) Samoa (UTC+14:00) Kiritimati Island Description You may use HTML tags for style ("a","b","strong","em","i","u") Cancel About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments Simplicity is the Future of Customer Engagement view comments Dropbox Is Reinventing Itself to Win More Love From IT view comments 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things view comments Why 2017 Must Be the Year of Content Marketing view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
Home Probe into derailment of Indore-Patna Express begins Mamata targets Modi, to hit Delhi streets against demonetisation We need a win-win situation for fishermen on both sides: Samaraweera India ratifies historic Paris climate deal at U.N. Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News National Oppn forces RS to adjourn multiple times over demonetisation Opposition to continue offensive over demonetisation India ratifies historic Paris climate deal at U.N. Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International India, China reiterate call to maintain border peace Mother Teresa award for Dhaka cafe attack victim South Asia   | World    South Asia   | World    Opinion The age of post-truth politics Quick fixes for deep-rooted issues We need a win-win situation for fishermen on both sides: Samaraweera Understanding Article 370 At the Bharatiya Janata Party’s recent Lalkar rally in Jammu, its prime ministe... Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business Give tax breaks for digital payments, says Niti Aayog Equities erase all of 2016 gains Agri-Business   | Budget   | Industry   | Economy   | Markets   | Stock Quotes    Sport Shastri sees no threat to India’s top ranking Take out Virat’s runs, we had put India under pressure: Cook Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kozhikode Kolkata Madurai Mangaluru Mumbai Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Cities » Bengaluru BENGALURU, August 9, 2016 Updated: August 9, 2016 08:31 IST BBMP to go after property tax defaulters Staff Reporter Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet The civic agency is preparing to aggressively pursue and collect close to Rs. 350 crore in property tax dues owed to it by 73 commercial enterprises. “Manyata Tech Park and Intel India have been asked to pay up whatever difference they owed us, with some adjustments to time and options to pay it in batches. We will be waiting for a week or so and then proceed to send notices and, take other actions if needed,” said M. Shivaraju, chairperson of the BBMP Standing Committee for Taxation and Finance. “Our legal team is in the process of procuring caveats from the court so that there is no legal hurdle or other troubles from these companies. We will soon begin the process of issuing notices and then, after the notice period is over, we will start taking steps like seizure and foreclosure until the money is deposited,” said Mr. Shivaraju, adding that most of these companies had paid their taxes, but that the self-assessment scheme had been misused and that there was a huge difference between what was owed and what was actually paid. “We released a sample of 10 big defaulters after we conducted a survey that ended in April. These 10 companies have declared a total area of 1,09,27,819 square feet for tax purposes whereas the tax payable is for 1,52,75,091 sqft. The other way, is that some of these commercial properties have wrongfully declared themselves as residential,” he added. More In: Bengaluru Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Most Popular Most Commented Long lines outside banks, post offices Three Green Line metro stations to be ready by December Mangaluru 13 areas cleaned as part of ‘Clean Mangaluru’ drive Yettinahole project not a solution to water crisis: IISc. scientist ‘Works of women need to be recognised’ Soon, you can WhatsApp police when you are leaving your house locked Currency crunch hits farmers, labourers Karnataka One poacher dies as forest officials open fire CM hops to Gokak in copter HC refuses to quash chargesheet against Bhaskar Rao Sugarcane growers likely to get higher prices: Minister Boy kidnapped, rescued within 28 hours in Kalaburagi APMC trade volume is down 38 p.c. Today's Paper ePaper This Day That Age Crossword Archive Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in Bengaluru The Hindu Group’s advertising expo from November 28 The Hindu Group’s advertising expo — Pressense— which provides marketing data and information on the Karnataka marketplace to... » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Prosecutors raid inspection unit controlled by former presidential aide English Cafe > Tech > Samsung Samsung to increase spending 120% on chips   Published : 2016-08-09 11:09 Updated : 2016-08-09 11:09 [THE INVESTOR] Global top semiconductor companies will increase their capital expenditure in the second half of 2016 amid stiffer competition with Chinese rivals. According to market research firm IC Insights, Korea’sSamsung Electronics is expected to increase its capex to US$7.6 trillion in the latter half of the year, up 120 percent compared to the first half. TSMC of Taiwan is anticipated to invest around $6.6 billion in capex, up 92 percent from the first half while Intel of the US will likely increase its capex 61 percent to US$5.9 billion. Samsung Electronics’ vertical NAND flash memory chip. Intel and Samsung, which are ruling the global memory and non-memory sectors, took the first and second spots, respectively, in the world’s chip market by posting US$51.4 billion and US$40.1 billion in revenue in 2015. TSMC, a major supplier of Apple’s mobile application processors, came third by posting US$26.8 billion in revenue. The US and Korean chipmakers will likely go full throttle to lead the sector for vertical NAND flash memory, which stacks cells vertically inside while the Taiwan-headquartered firm is said to beef up its production capacity for mobile AP, anticipated to be fitted in Apple’s next flagship smartphone, iPhone 8. By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Prosecutors raid inspection ... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Companies see net profit ri... 4. Terrorism deaths fall in 20... 5. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 6. Dutch prince encourages Kore... 7. SR offers free SRT tickets f... 8. Samsung seeks new growth in ... 9. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 10. State-run LX expands access ... 1. Anger at Park brings out mis... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Justice minister, presidenti... 4. Park's actions warrant impea... 5. K-pop groups soar on Billboa... 6. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 7. Jang’s meddling 8. Recapping a month of Choi s... 9. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 10. Korean dramas escape to fant... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Motley Fool Answers: This Is the "New Normal" for Retirement in the U.S. The Answers team offers their take on indexing alternatives, the evolution of retirement, and animal investors. Alison Southwick (TMFAlison) Aug 8, 2016 at 4:39PM Imagine this -- two veteran stock-pickers pitted against each other in the ultimate investor face-off. The first contender: the legendary Charlie Munger. The challenger . . . Orlando the cat? Amazingly enough, there are more than a few examples of animals taking on Wall Street and besting them with superior returns (at least in the short-term). On this episode of Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp explain how the random stock selections of cats and monkeys were able to outperform the massive resources of some of the financial industry's biggest funds and investors. They also tackle a question from a Foolish Minnesotan who wants to know the pros and cons of market-cap-weighted vs. fundamentally weighted indexes. And for the many investors out there with retirement on their minds, Alison and Bro look at five elements behind the "new normal" for retirees and what you can do to better prepare for your golden years. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on June 21, 2016. Alison Southwick: This is Motley Fool Answers. I'm Alison Southwick and I am joined by Robert Brokamp, personal finance expert here at The Motley Fool. He's also the advisor on The Motley Fool's Rule Your Retirement newsletter. Hi, Bro. Robert Brokamp: Hello, Alison. Alison: Gone are the days of getting a gold watch and a stable pension when you turn 62. Your retirement is going to look way different from your parent's. In some ways that's good. In some ways, not so much. Robert: Mmm. Alison: So today we're going to talk about the new normal for retirement and how you can prepare for it. We're also going to tackle your question about weighted index funds and see how animals fare at picking stocks. Monkeys! We finally get to work monkeys into the show. All that and more on this week's episode of Motley Fool Answers. __ Alison: Today's question comes from Chris from Northern Minnesota who, at this exact moment, is milking a cow. Robert: Do we know that for sure? Alison: We do know that, because Chris is a dairy farmer and he listens to Motley Fool podcasts... Robert: Oh, that's nice. Hi, Chris! Alison: ...while tending to his cows. Robert: Say hi to Bessy for us. Alison: Chris writes: "I buy individual stocks, but have been diversifying with buying a Vanguard S&P 500 ETF. I was just wondering if it would make sense to diversify that market-cap-weighted index with a fundamentally weighted index." Bro, define some terms for me, here. Robert: Well, first of all I'd like to say to Chris that I think you're doing a very smart thing in that you're buying individual stocks but also diversifying into an index ETF. You're hedging your advisor risk, which is the risk that your retirement is riding on the investment skills of one person (in this case, you), so I think that's smart. The S&P 500 is a market-weighted index. What that means is bigger companies have a bigger weighting. For example, if you were to put $1,000 into an S&P 500 index fund today, about $32 of that would be invested in Apple, the biggest company in the index. Alison: Oh, OK. Robert: The smallest company, Diamond Offshore Drilling ... you'd have a grand total of about a dime. In other words, you'd own 331x more Apple than Diamond Offshore Drilling. And this has led to some criticisms about market-weighted indexes. First of all, the performance is really driven by the biggest 50 to 100 stocks, so it's not really as diversified as some people will say, and the performance of the small companies really have no effect. Your Diamond Offshore Drilling could double in price and your $0.10 holding is now $0.20. It's essentially meaningless. But also, as a company's share price goes up, it has a bigger influence on the performance. It's sort of like buying a stock after it has already gone up. A big concern about that is some stocks go up way too much, and that exposes more people to these stocks when it might be time for a bubble. For example, if you look back at 1999 at the top holdings of the S&P 500 (right before the tech bubble crash), among the top 10 stocks were Microsoft, Cisco, Lucent, Intel, America Online, and IBM. So of those top 10 stocks, only one (IBM) is worth more today than it was way back in 1999. It was the same right before the Great Recession. In 2006 among the top 10 holdings of the S&P 500 were Bank of America, Citigroup, and AIG, which then went on to lose 99% of its value. So several folks have said that we should change this and weight things differently. One easy way to do that would be to take the 500 stocks in the S&P 500 and just put an equal amount in each of them. You can do that with a Guggenheim ETF. It's called the "Equal-Weight S&P 500 ETF." Alison: As advertised. Robert: As advertised. But then there are other methods where people say we should weight the index according to a company's fundamentals, like its sales. Its profits. Its dividend. These have become known as fundamental indexes. Alison: OK. Robert: So instead of saying, "I'm going to build an index based on the market cap of a company. I'm going to build it based on sales, so that the company with the most sales is the one that has the biggest holding." Or the biggest dividend yield. Or something like that. And one of the first ones to come out was the PowerShares FTSE RAFI US 1000. Alison: Woo woo woo! That sounds exciting! Robert: Exciting. It's been around for about a decade. So when you look at the performance of these -- because it is relatively new to do these sort of alternative ways to weight indexes -- they actually do outperform the S&P 500. Why is that? Because what you're generally doing, relative to the S&P 500, is you're taking some of the money away from big companies and investing in small companies. You're also putting less money in more growth-ier types of companies and more... Alison: Growth-ier? Is that the technical term? Robert: That is the technical term. And putting more money into companies that are cheaper by some metric (like price-earnings ratio). Over the long term we know small caps generally beat bigger companies. Value-oriented stocks, as a group, tend to beat expensive companies. So, I'm all for the theory of fundamental indexes. I think it's a smart idea to diversify your individual stocks into something like this. But you can accomplish something very similar by just buying a small-cap index fund or a value-oriented index fund. I wouldn't abandon the S&P 500 totally, because despite its flaws, history has shown the vast majority of mutual fund managers and the vast majority of individual investors just can't beat it. "Ad: This podcast is sponsored by Casper Mattress." Alison: Chances are one of your goals is to retire, someday, and Bro is here to deliver some bummer news. It's some good news? Robert: It's mostly bummer news, but there is some good news, and we hope to go out on a positive note about this. Alison: Perfect. So some bummer news, but some good news about the new realities of retirement. We've got five aspects of retirement that are different from what maybe your parents or your grandparents experienced. Robert: Right. Alison: Let's do the first one, shall we? Robert: Well, yes. So for a while, now, we've had a certain model of retirement. You enter the workforce at 22, retire at 62, and die at 82. But life expectancy is important. Alison: That was very blunt. That's a short bio of Robert Brokamp, CFP. I think my description of you is longer than the bio you just did, but OK. Robert: Well, as we'll discuss later, life expectancy is important because that's potentially the end of your retirement, and you have to make an estimate of how long your retirement's going to last. But there are five ways why the future of retirement will look different than the golden years of yore, and one of them is investment returns will likely be lower. Alison: Aw! That's bummer news. Robert: That is bummer news, and that's why we're all investing for our retirement and, of course, while in retirement you still will be investing. If there are going to be lower returns, that's obviously something that's important to factor into things. Why the lower returns? Well, we talked before about how the best, although not perfect, indicator of future returns for the stock market is valuations. Right now the stock market is at least fairly valued if not overvalued. As for bonds, the best indication of future returns is current interest rate, so you look at the long-term history of things. You always hear about how the stock market has returned 10% a year since 1926. Part of that is a 4% dividend yield. Right now we're only at 2%. That knocks out a couple of percentage points, right there, so I think it's more reasonable to expect like 6.5-7%. Looking at bonds, historical returns for long-term governments were like 5.6%. Right now they're only yielding 2.3%. So you have to assume a lower return on your portfolio. Alison: But for how long? Like if the stock market tanks tomorrow, then are you going to be like, "Well, actually now things are looking up, but that's because we've sunk so far." Robert: That's exactly right. Whenever financial planners or anyone look at this, they're looking at a period of like seven to 10 years, generally speaking, so even valuation, when you stretch it out to like 30 years, is not very useful. You're looking at the next decade, roughly speaking. That's number one. Investment returns are going to be lower. Alison: So manage your expectations, there. Robert: Right. And you have to factor in you're probably going to have to save more. The stock and bond markets are not going to bail you out. Number two -- and this is something we all know -- is that we're going to have to expect less help from our boss and Uncle Sam. Social Security we know has issues. In terms of when the issues will likely hit people -- at least according to the recent Trustees Report -- taxes cover most of the benefits. We have to tap the trust funds a little bit, but those are going to be out in 2029. At that point, people have to expect around 70% of what they're currently promised. I don't think it will get to that point. They're going to make a change before then, but what you have to expect is that either (a) if you're working, you're probably going to have to pay more taxes and (b) certain people will have reduced benefits either because it's means tested or you just have to wait longer to get them. When it comes from your boss, we all know that decades ago people could generally expect some sort of help, whether it was that traditionally defined benefit pension. Even [up until] 1988 -- I found this amazing -- two-thirds of big employers provided healthcare for their retirees. Alison: Oh, wow! Robert: Isn't that amazing? Alison: That's amazing. Robert: And now it's about one-quarter, and most of those folks are government folks. So compared to what our parents experienced and even what current retirees have, you're just not going to get as much help from employers or Uncle Sam, which means the onus of it is really going to be on you to do your retirement planning. Alison: That's another piece of bummer news. Robert: That is another bummer. Alison: All right, number three. Robert: This one is just a trend in what we're comfortable with these days, and that is more debt. More people are getting near retirement or in retirement with more debt. For example, if you look at the 65-74 age range, according to the Federal Reserve, back in 1989 only about 20% of those people had a mortgage. Today it's about 40%. And not only is the percentage more, but the size of the loan is bigger, even adjusting for inflation. So we're just more comfortable going into our retirements with debt. Transamerica did a study about what your number one priorities are or even your greatest fears in terms of your expenses and your money in retirement. Number one was just getting by, but number two was paying off credit cards and number three was paying the mortgage. So it's just become more a part of reality for people that they have this debt. I'll definitely say that for me, personally, it is definitely my goal to have my mortgage paid off before I retire. I met with some people, recently, who have a good bit of student loans, and they're paying about 7%, but they also had a lot of cash on the side earning less than 1%. I think for a lot of people -- that saved part of your portfolio, or just money you have on the side not really earning anything -- paying off debt beforehand makes a lot of sense. Alison: I should know the answer to this, but if I have a lot of debt and I die, does it come out of my estate? Or does anyone else have to pay my debt? Robert: It does. So one of the jobs of your executor is to settle the claims of the estate before money is distributed to your heirs. Alison: But what if there's not enough money in my estate to cover my debts? Then it's like, "Sorry! She died on ya!" Robert: Yes. Alison: So go out in a blaze of glory, is what you're telling me... Robert: That's what I'm telling you to do. Alison: ...if I don't want to leave anything to my daughter. Robert: Right, exactly. Alison: Let's get to some good news. Number four. Robert: Here is some good news, and that is we're just living longer. Alison: That's good news! Robert: That is good news. So when you look back at like 1940, which is the year the first Social Security check was sent out (and it was sent out for like $23), if you made it to 65, you could expect to live another 13 or 14 years. Now, if you make it to 65, you can expect to live another 20 or 21 years, and even longer if you're married, believe it or not. Alison: Aw! Robert: Yeah. So people who make it to age 65 if they're a married couple -- it's about a fifty-fifty chance that one of them is going to make it to age 90. So that's great news. From a financial planning perspective, it means that that's a longer retirement. If you're going to try to retire at 62, but you're living longer and longer, that means you have to have saved a lot more while you're working. Generally speaking, people haven't done that, so they need to work longer. That's not horrible, because you're going to live longer, as well. This leads us to the fifth thing that we're going to see as a change. It's something that just recently started to shift, and that is the average retirement age will go up. If you look at where it was in the year 1900, for example, the average retirement age is almost laughable. It was 76. Alison: Wow. Robert: If you were born in that year, chances are you weren't going to make it until 50. If you made it to 65, you might make it another decade. So basically people really didn't retire... Alison: Didn't retire. Robert: So over the course of the 20th century, we decided to live longer. Well, we decided... Alison: I'm making this conscious choice. Robert: Yes, a conscious choice to live longer. But we also retired sooner to where by the year 2000, the average retirement age was 62 or 63. And that's sort of an unsustainable formula where you work less and want to retire more, because it's asking more of your working years to save more and more, and we just haven't been able to do that. So after the Great Recession, the retirement age, after declining for decades, finally ticked up, and that trend, I think, is going to continue to a point where in the next 20 or 30 years, you're going to look at people mostly waiting until their 70s. They're going to be living longer, and that's not a horrible thing. A study from the Center for Retirement Research found that for most people, about half would be retired at age 65 or going to have to cut back on their lifestyle. They don't have enough saved. However, if they just delay it to age 70, almost 90% of people will be fine. So a lot of this can be resolved by waiting until age 70. Alison: And perhaps a lot of people are working longer because they enjoy their work and they're physically able to keep working. That's good news. So this could be good news or bad news? Robert: That's what a lot of the research is indicating. People are working later, but money isn't necessarily the number one reason. And I think one of the big changes we'll see over coming decades is a whole different concept about what retirement is. Just tomorrow is the 12-year anniversary of the very first issue of Rule Your Retirement. Alison: Oh, congratulations! Robert: And in that issue I interviewed a guy named Mitch Anthony, who wrote a book called The New Retirementality. He pointed out that we are a binge society. We binge on education in the beginning, then we binge on work for a few decades, and then we retire and binge on leisure. And what you're going to see over the coming decades is there being more of a mix of that -- where people will go to college and start their careers. But then maybe they'll go back to school and work part-time. Might take a year or two off as a sabbatical. Maybe once they get to their older years, they'll do a phased retirement or seasonal work. Consider where the life expectancies could be in the future. About a year ago Time Magazine had a cover with a picture of baby. The title was "This Baby Could Live to Be 142 Years Old." When you think of living that long, retiring at 62 just isn't sustainable. I actually find that inspiring, and one of the big messages from people like Mitch Anthony, or a group called Age Wave that does a lot of great research about this, is that society is changing to a point where it is offering more opportunities (for people who would be normally close to or in retirement) to go back to school. To do different kinds of work. Alison: But the bottom line about the new normal for retirement is it's good. Just plan for it. What do you think? How do you want to put a bow on this? Put a bow on this. Robert: I really do think it's this. Rather than looking at work, work, work, work, work ... reach your early to mid-sixties and then stop working ... ask yourself what it is you want to do with the rest of your life. Especially once your kids are in college and out of the house, you have more freedom. For many people that's their peak earning years, yet they don't have a lot of those financial responsibilities. They might have saved up a lot of money. It might even be in their 401(k). You can still use that money for education, or for doing something that's more rewarding for you rather than doing something that pays you the most money. Alison: Bro, what do you want to do in your retirement? For your new retirement? Robert: I imagine that if I'm still in this financial planning thing that I will be doing more financial planning for lower-income folks. Something along those lines. I was actually premed in college and I would not be surprised if once my kids are out of school, I go to med school and then do what my sister does in Orlando, and that is community healthcare. She works at a clinic for the working poor. I would imagine I would be doing something like that. One of those two things. Alison: Oh, good for you. Now any answer Rick and I give will be totally shallow and self-centered. Rick Engdahl: That's why we're not going to give any. Alison: Yup. You're going to go save the world. Rick and I are going to go sit on a beach. Rick: Leisure World, here we come. Alison: Leisure World. Hello, Villages! We're on our way. __ ♫Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh♫ Alison: It's Eurocup time, and I'm going to have Rick explain what that is. Rick: That is the world's most popular game, played in the most popular place for it to be played, by all the most popular players. Alison: Really? Eurocup is the most popular game in the most popular place with the most popular players? Why isn't World Cup the most popular game with the most...? Rick: It is, of course, but it's like off year. You have the Summer and the Winter Olympics. It's kind of like that. The World Cup and then there's the Eurocup. And the Copa América, which is happening here... Robert: Yeah, I knew that. Alison: This is so exciting. So Rick's job is to bring the excitement when it comes to talking about soccer! So yes, it is Eurocup. It's a thing. It's a big deal, apparently. You may remember that back during the 2010 World Cup, Paul the [Psychic] Octopus correctly predicted the winner of eight matches, and ever since then people have been looking for animal oracles for advice, even for the Eurocup. We have Nellie the Elephant, and a koala bear named Oobi-Oobi... Robert: Oobi-Oobi? Alison: ...making predictions. Isn't that a great name? So far, Nellie's gotten one right and Oobi-Oobi has not. But, whatever. So how do animals fare when it comes to stock picking? Because yes, people have made animals pick stocks. Robert: [Laughs] Alison: Back in 2013, I believe it was the London Observer that decided to have a cat named Orlando pick stocks against a team of professionals (stock-picking professionals and also some students). Each team invested about £5,000 into five companies from the FTSE and every few months they could exchange the stocks and replace them with others from the index. While the professionals used decades of investing knowledge and traditional stock-picking methods, the cat selected stocks by throwing his favorite toy mouse on a grid of numbers allocated to different companies. When it was all said and done, Orlando the cat managed to have an average return of 4.2% to end the year with about £5,500... Robert: Nice... Alison: ...compared to the professionals at about £5,200. Robert: Aw... Alison: So the cat out-invested them. But it turns out it's not just cats that are good at investing. Robert: What other animals are good at investing, Alison? Alison: Monkeys! Robert: Monkeys! Alison: But before we go into the monkeys, Bro, why would someone have monkeys do investing? Robert: Well, when you read about this, it usually harkens back to a book that came out in 1973 by Burton Malkiel called A Random Walk Down Wall Street, and one of his arguments (and he was one of the first people to be making this argument back then) is that it's very hard to beat the market. Alison: The quote is, "A blindfolded monkey throwing darts at a newspaper's financial pages could select a portfolio that would do just as well as one carefully selected by experts." Robert: Right. And the theory being that it's actually hard to beat the market, and the average "expert" actually doesn't do that well. And ever since he wrote that book, various people have tried to simulate his hypothesis one way or another... Alison: With monkeys! Robert: With monkeys and darts. Alison: So in 1999, it was a chimpanzee named Raven. You might remember her from Babe: Pig in the City. She threw 10 darts at a dartboard of 133 internet-related companies and she managed to outperform more than 6,000 internet and technology money managers and earned an astonishing 213% return. Remember, this was in January of 1999. Robert: Right. Alison: So apparently on MarketWatch.com there's a headline that said, "Chimp '99 champ! Makes monkey of Wall Street." Obviously she did very well, but then 2000 happened and after the dot-com bust, she did very poorly, leading a finance professional to say, "Any monkey with a dart can potentially make money in a rising market." Robert: Didn't they make an index named after her? I think they called it the Monkeydex. Alison: Yes! The picks were so impressive that they created the Monkeydex, an index based around her picks. Thrown with a dart. We also have the circus chimpanzee Lusha, who did very well in Russia. Her portfolio topped 94% of Russia's mutual funds. And then there was also a monkey name Adam Monk which I would argue is the worst name for a monkey ever. Why would you name your monkey Adam Monk? Robert: He was very contemplative. Alison: Eh, whatever. He worked for the Chicago Sun-Times. He's a Brazilian cinnamon-ring tail cebus monkey and he picked stocks by circling them in the newspaper with a red pen. He outperformed the indexes four years in a row, from 2003 to 2006, and he did it again in 2008 with a portfolio that only lost 14% while most money managers were losing upwards of 35%. So the bottom line -- monkeys! Robert: Monkeys, everybody. Alison: Not only are they fun, but they're also really good at investing. This would make me feel like maybe Malkiel was right and I shouldn't bother investing in individual stocks. Robert: Well, not necessarily. There are other studies that show things like this. Research Affiliates did a simulation of this where they would pick random stocks that also would beat the market. And one of the conclusions they drew is actually similar to what I mentioned earlier with Answers, Answers in that part of the reason why some of these dart-throwing monkeys and other stock-picking animals do well (at least compared to the overall market) is that by chance they're randomly choosing smaller companies which historically do beat larger companies. But it does go to show that a lot of what happens in the market, in terms of investing over the short term, is luck. I think that's one lesson about this. I actually sent this article (the one about the stock-picking cat, Orlando), to Tom Gardner, founder of The Motley Fool and CEO. I said, "Aha, isn't this pretty funny?" And his response (and I dug it up today), was, "I find these stories kind of funny, but mostly absurd. One year tells me nothing as an investor. You put that cat up against Charlie Munger over 10 years and it will be begging for mercy." A lot of these things are very short term, and I think any stock picker and any mutual fund manager (anyone who's managing any kind of money) will tell you that they don't know what's going to happen over the next six months to a year. So, who knows? Measuring a cat or someone over a longer period of time would be a little more interesting. Or not more interesting, but more meaningful, maybe. Alison: And that's what we're really looking for, here. Robert: We're looking for... Alison: We're really looking to get some meaning behind monkey stock pickers. Rick, if you had a pet monkey, what would you name it? Rick: In high school we had a toy monkey that was passed around between people. It had like Alice Cooper makeup and a sword in his hands. It was really scary, horror movie stuff. And it was named Zip the Monkey, and that is probably what I would name my monkey. Robert: Zip the Monkey. Alison: Bro, how about you? Rick: I'd want it to get Alice Cooper makeup, too. Alison: Yeah, absolutely. Bro? Robert: Michael Nesmith, my favorite Monkee. Alison: Oh, that's cute. [crosstalk 00:27:07] Robert: Yeah, yeah. Alison: My monkey would be named Lord Archibald Fuzzy Britches. Rick: That, by itself, is the funniest name. Alison: Yeah, well... Rick: Monkey, or no. Alison: Yeah, that's just a good name. We would have named our daughter that, had she been born a boy. Robert: Or a monkey. Alison: Lord Archibald Fuzzy Britches Southwick. The 1st. The first of its name. ♫I have no more than I did before, but now I've got all that I need, for I love you and I ... know ... you ... love ... me♫ Alison: All right. That's it for today, dear listeners. You can drop us a line at Answers@Fool.com. You can also follow us on Twitter @AnswersPodcast or join our Facebook group. The show is edited monk-i-ly... Is that a word? Robert: Animal-istic-ally? Alison: Ugh. By Rick Engdahl. For Robert Brokamp, I'm Alison Southwick. Stay Foolish, everybody. Alison Southwick has no position in any stocks mentioned. Robert Brokamp, CFP has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America, Cisco Systems, and Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Alison Southwick (TMFAlison) None Article Info Aug 8, 2016 at 4:39PM Investment Planning Read More 2017 Tax Deadlines Here's What a Trump Presidency Means for Social Security These 6 Taxes Could Go Away Under President Trump How to Lower Your 2016 Taxes 3 Reasons to Delay Taking Social Security Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
skip - District M header bidder When the big guys in Israeli industry get all the breaks from the government - Business - Haaretz.com skip - optimizely- HDC skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - תגיות codefuel skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Wednesday, November 23, 2016. Cheshvan 22, 5777 Time in Israel: 10:28 PM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion World News Middle East News U.S. Election 2016 Jewish World All sections Israel News Culture Business Science Sports Videos Travel in Israel World News U.S. Election 2016 Middle East News Jewish Holidays Food Archaeology Books Opinion London Conference E-paper Shabbat Times Weather Israel Real Estate ESSENCE Edition française Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business When the Big Guys in Israeli Industry Get All the Breaks From the Government Giant export firms are the alpha dog when it comes to incentives from the government, but what is it doing to help the local market and cost of living? Sami Peretz Aug 09, 2016 12:26 AM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon Finance Minister Kahlon, in 2015. Moving to lower the huge exporters' corporate tax to an especially low 6 percent. Michal Fattal This year’s Israeli high-tech frenzy: $6 billion in six months Israeli high-tech exits reap billions - for investors, not the state Israel's Teva buys top competitor Allergan's generic drug distributor Is Israeli government policy widening the gaps between advanced industries and low-tech companies? Is the government deliberately making life harder for local trading and services firms – and thereby, causing the cost of living in the country to climb? Seems so. Giant export companies with lots of employees are the alpha dog when it comes to government incentives, and if the giant is a multinational that's based overseas, all the better. These are the types of corporate entities – the ones that undertake to export a lot, and also employ a lot – that are boosted by the state through the Investment Encouragement Law. The encouragement takes the form of tax breaks or outright grants, or both. The recipients of such largesse over the years include the likes of Intel, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Israel Chemicals and Check Point Software Technologies. All of them huge, powerful export companies. On top of the candy they have already received, Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon is moving to lower their corporate tax to an especially low 6%. Regular corporate tax in the country is 25%, but in practice, many high-tech companies pay less, because of the Investment Encouragement Law (which applies to companies with revenues greater than 10 billion shekels, or about $2.6 billion, a year). They also pay lowered dividend tax of just 4%. It is easy to find rationale for being generous to multinational high-tech companies: The idea is to attract them to Israel. The phrase “high-tech” evokes images of global corporations, international conventions, terrific employment conditions, keyboards being tapped in air-conditioned rooms, exports. It’s easier to envision the future there than in greasy metal workshops or tomato-canning factories. We’d all prefer to see the kids working in gorgeously designed work spaces with free espresso. But most Israelis don’t work in places like that. Last week the chief economist at the treasury reported that the multinationals operating in Israel achieve better productivity than local companies do. It makes sense. The companies that come here are at the forefront of technology, selling advanced products and services. They are highly productive, and would inevitably win in a contest in that realm against virtually “all” Israeli industry, which includes high-tech and low-tech as well. The system of incentives leads to a single conclusion: The state lavishes its largesse mainly on the strong and powerful. There are explanations, some Darwinistic: the strong win, and the winner takes all. If they’re so good at making products or services, they’re probably great at wresting perks from governments, too. They want to make money and the government wants jobs to be created and more exports, and likes the fact that they bump up the quality of the labor force in Israel. Multinationals have alternatives. They don’t have to work in Israel. They need wooing. But wooing them means that the government is neglecting local companies. Absent incentives to grow more efficient and to improve their productivity, the local entities keep lagging behind. Their workers do not improve, and neither does their equipment, resulting in high prices that jack up the cost of living in Israel. Zvi Eckstein, dean at the Interdisciplinary Center, Herzliya, has been pushing for the government to change its policy on prioritizing exporters. He sees no reason to encourage the latter because Israel doesn’t need foreign currency any more (some argue that its foreign currency reserves, approaching $100 billion, are already top-heavy). And favoring the exporters is bad for the local companies and pushes up the cost of living in Israel. It’s like taking a classroom of 40 kids and deciding to invest mainly in only the two brightest ones, leaving the rest of the pack to their own devices. Some would argue that the two brightest merit the investment because they’ll contribute more to the rest by creating prosperous businesses, or managing public systems. Maybe so, but it also means forgoing the option of getting better achievements from the rest, and realizing their potential. So here we bend over backward to court Intel and make sure it operates out of Israel, because it’s an MVP and the figures it generates, in terms of jobs and exports, are very big, and immediately impact the national accounts. The results of the state’s encouragement of Intel are palpable compared with, for instance, a national project to stimulate productivity in thousands of small- and medium-sized businesses. And this neglect carries a price that nobody measures, until it hits us in the form of the high cost of living and meager productivity. Sami Peretz Haaretz Contributor Sami Peretz Send me email alerts for new articles by Sami Peretz Send Close Email * Please enter your email Sami Peretz For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close NEW! Send me email alerts for new articles by Sami Peretz Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Most Viewed Now How Two Phone Calls From Ehud Barak to Bill Clinton May Have Led to President Trump Divers Uncover World's Oldest Harbor in Red Sea Peter Beinart Why Steve Bannon Likes Israel but Dislikes U.S. Jews Jews Didn't 'Respect the Laws,' French Presidential Candidate Says Israel high-tech Israel economy Moshe Kahlon Israel business news Where Does Nikki Haley, Trump's Pick for UN Envoy, Stand on Israel? By Haaretz11 minutes ago 1 comments 1 Five Tips for Jewish Resistance: How to Be Bannon's Worst Nightmare By Bradley Burston9 hours ago This is a primium article 6 comments 6 Israel Adopts Warsaw's Narrative, Ignores Holocaust Crimes by Poles By Ofer Aderet9 hours ago This is a primium article 5 comments 5 Trump: Son-in-law Kushner Could Help Make Peace Between Israel, Palestinians By Reuters13 hours ago This article contains a video 4 comments 4 With Trump, U.S. Jews Might See How Wrong They've Been About Netanyahu By Chemi Shalev12 hours ago This is a primium article This article contains a video 3 comments 3 Why Middle-class Multi-culturalism Is a Fraud By David Rosenberg13 hours ago 3 comments 3 Promoted content Security & Aviation The Israeli Submarine Scandal: What We Know Second Female Commander to Head Israeli Army Combat Unit Israeli Air Force Holds First Exercise in French Skies Russia Just Restricted the Strongest Air Force in Mideast This Day in Jewish History 1920: 'Black Milk': A Guilt-wracked Poet Who Would Write About the Holocaust Is Born By David B. Green15 hours ago This is a primium article This article contains a video 1 comments 1 skip - Subscribe element Get our top Business and Finance stories directly to your inbox – every week. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Today's Most Read 'Hail Trump' After Nazi Salutes at pro-Trump Event, Holocaust Museum Issues Ominous Warning Opinion Five Tips for Jewish Resistance: How to Be Bannon's Worst Nightmare Dachau Camp Uniform Bought at Garage Sale Uncovers Prisoner's Harrowing Story Trump: Son-in-law Kushner Could Help Make Peace Between Israel, Palestinians Opinion Why Steve Bannon Likes Nationalist Israel but Dislikes Internationalist American Jews Israel Adopts Warsaw's Narrative, Ignores Holocaust Crimes by Poles skip - ICYMI Scroll back Suddenly It’s Okay to Be pro-Israel and anti-Semitic Jewish and Muslim Organizations Form New Alliance Bannon's Pick Is a Moment of Truth for U.S. Jews Meet the Kushners: The Dynasty That Links Trump, Christie The Extraordinary Israeli Story Behind 'Lover, Lover, Lover' President Trump Has Shattered Jews' American Idyll Greatest Victory for anti-Semitism in America Since 1941 How Trump Won, Scared the Jews and Saved Israel What Can Russia's Old Smoky Carrier Do in the Med? I Still Love America. But, After Trump's Victory, I Don’t Trust It Israel Hit With a Wave of Tourists From Georgia Applying for Asylum Ultra-Orthodox Face Dark Facts About Holocaust Legends The 'Global Conspiracy' to Topple Netanyahu Thanks to Trump, We Can Understand How Hitler Was Possible A Former Spy Chief Is Calling on Israelis to Revolt Russia Restricted the Strongest Air Force in Mideast Liberal Zionists, We Lost the Kids 'Can't Count on Men for Peace. We Have to Do It Ourselves' Ancient Jerusalem Wall Reveals Second Temple's Destruction Breathe, Less: Israeli Researchers Find Solution to Jet Lag Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Israel Real Estate Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ חדשות גלריה מתכונים למרקים ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip -
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Authors News Products Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Internet Industrial Networking M2M Sensors Human Interface Embedded TechCon More… Test and Measurement Smart Energy Webcasts E-Letter Industrial Embedded System from DTI Tech Features Expandability DFI Tech - Leave a Comment DFI Tech, a provider of SWaP-optimized embedded computing solutions and board products, now offers an expandable industrial multi-function embedded computing system. The U340 Expandable Industrial Embedded System from DFI Tech is ideal for various Industrial Automation and other applications where expansion is desired. The system includes various Intel® 6th Generation Core™ i7/i5/i3 processor and Intel Q-series PCH options. Standard configurations include several choices of DisplayPort, DVI, HDMI, or VGA graphics ports and Intel HD graphics cards. The U340 versatile systems provide a wide range of PCIe, PCI, and mini-PCIe expansion options. Other features include HDD or SDD storage, a CD/DVD drive, and multiple USB, Serial, and RJ-45 ports. The rugged industrial computing system also supports up to 2 banks of 32 GB of DDR4 memory. Customization services are offered in any volume. DFI Tech provides forced air-cooled, fanless, and Small Form Factor (SFF) computing systems. The company also offers industrial motherboards, Single Board Computers (SBCs), COM Express modules, and more. About DFI Tech DFI Tech designs, integrates and provides long lifecycle support for embedded computer systems and industrial PCs to meet the diverse needs of the Infotainment, Gaming, Industrial Automation, Mil/Aero, Medical, Transportation, Communications, and a variety of other industries. We offer a large selection of off-the-shelf embedded computer solutions such as fanless, small form factor, all-in-one panel PCs, and multi-function devices, as well as application-specific tailored embedded computer systems. DFI Tech also provides a complete line of motherboard products based on Intel’s latest chipsets, as well as Computer-on-Modules, and Embedded SBCs. As an affiliate of DFI in Taiwan, DFI Tech can offer high volume, board level contract manufacturing capacity, while at the same time offering high touch US based customer service and embedded computer hardware systems. www.dfitech.com 800-909-4334 Topics covered in this article COM Express dfi tech Advertisement Industrial Embedded Systems Articles White Papers Authors News Products © MMXVI Industrial Embedded Systems An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Contact Last updated: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 00:08:38 +0000
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS SEARCH Policy Can California Strike a Balance on Drone Regulation? The popularity of drones poses challenges for policymakers and legislators: How can they minimize the drawbacks of the technology while it’s still under development, without stifling the innovation necessary to make the field grow? by Michael Hiltzik, Los Angeles Times / August 8, 2016 0 flickr/Peter Linehan (TNS) -- Most Californians have probably never heard of DJI Technology, but legislators in Sacramento are hearing its message. Over the last year, the company has sharply ramped up its spending on lobbying in the state capital, moving from zero in the third quarter of 2015 to $155,000 since then. It’s also spending about $200,000 on lobbying in Washington. It’s the largest manufacturer of drones. They’re those buzzy, compact remote-controlled aircraft that have become all the rage among hobbyists and are being eyed by industry and government agencies to perform work that’s too costly, dangerous, or difficult for humans, including the prompt delivery of merchandise, inspection of remote facilities, filming, firefighting and police surveillance. The drone industry emphasizes the potential for expanding the use of unmanned aircraft in arguing for measured regulation or self-regulation. RELATEDCalifornia Gov. Jerry Brown Vetoes Drone Regulation BillDrone Regulations Won't Land Until 2017Drones Take Off, but Regulations Remain Grounded Fans and critics of drones alike expect the skies to become very crowded in coming years, as the devices become cheaper and acquire greater capabilities. Shenzhen, China-based DJI, which is reported to command as much as 70% of the drone market, sells its camera-equipped products today for prices ranging from $6,500 to less than $500. Estimates of the drone market vary, but all agree that it’s exploding. At a White House workshop on drone policy Aug. 2, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich, whose company produces control circuits for the units, projected that the consumer drone business will be worth $16 billion by 2020, and the commercial market another $4 billion. The Consumer Technology Assn. expects some 700,000 drones to be sold this year. Statistics from the Federal Aviation Administration attest to the growth trend: 520,000 of the devices have been registered with the FAA since it began requiring registration at the beginning of this year of any drones heavier than a half-pound. The number of manned aircraft registered with the FAA is only 320,000 — “and it took us 100 years to get there,” FAA Administrator Michael Huerta told the White House workshop. The popularity of drones poses challenges for policymakers and legislators, not unlike those posed by other new technologies with obvious benefits and possible dangers, such as self-driving cars: How can they minimize the drawbacks of the technology while it’s still under development, without stifling the innovation necessary to make the field grow? The FAA leaves most drone regulation to state and local authorities, though it does prohibit flying drones higher than 400 feet, within five miles of an airport or after dark, and requires that the devices remain within the line of sight of the users. But government officials have found it almost impossible to keep up with the mushrooming private drone fleet. Of 921 encounters between drones and manned aircraft reported to the FAA from mid-December 2013 to mid-September 2015, more than a third were “close encounters” carrying the possibility of a collision. According to an analysis by the Center for the Study of the Drone at Bard College, more than 90% occurred above 400 feet. Most also occurred within five miles of an airport.The stakes in these incidents are enormous. Any “collision between a drone and a manned aircraft could lead to a potentially catastrophic incident,” the analysis observed. Some locations that are off-limits to manned aircraft have been bedeviled by drones. That includes the Golden Gate Bridge, which has become such a popular subject of high-flying remote videography — including by a drone that crashed onto the roadway in 2015 — that bridge officials had to post signs warning that drone flights are illegal over the bridge and nearby federal land. More than a dozen bills to regulate drones are awaiting action in the state Legislature. Some resemble three bills that Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed last year that would have prohibited flying the devices over wildfires or other emergency scenes, K-12 schools and prisons or jails. Brown said he vetoed the measures because they criminalized conduct that was already illegal. But he did sign a measure aimed at paparazzi, prohibiting drone flights over private property to make a recording or snap a photo. “The overarching themes of these bills,” says Steven D. Miller, an expert in the emerging field of drone law at the San Francisco law firm Hanson Bridgett, “are safety, security and privacy.” Some, including one measure Brown vetoed, aim to prohibit interference with firefighters or other first responders. They’re a reaction to numerous reports of drones getting in the way of firefighting aircraft; just last month a drone hobbyist was arrested for allegedly flying a drone over the Trailhead fire, which burned 5,600 acres in Placer and El Dorado counties. Other bills aim to grant government officials immunity for destroying or damaging drones that get in their way. Several aim to limit the ability of law enforcement officials to use drones to conduct surveillance. That addresses a key question not yet specifically considered by the courts, Miller observes: “Do police need a search warrant to fly a drone over your backyard?” Lobbying disclosures by drone makers and other companies only hint at the breadth of commercial interest in these devices. Both Amazon and Google have lobbyists watching the drone bills in Sacramento. Google has its eye on bills that would mandate insurance coverage on drones and GPS systems that would prevent drones from entering prohibited airspace. Google hasn’t taken a position on those measures yet, although DJI and GoPro, the camera maker whose devices are often attached to drones, oppose them. California isn’t the first state to ponder drone regulations — 14 states have enacted rules governing some aspect of drone flights. But as a high-tech center, Miller says, “California may be more likely to come up with a creative approach that accommodates innovation.” So far, however, that prospect still lies on the horizon. As my colleague Jazmine Ulloa reported last month, industry is already flexing its muscles to block drone legislation in California, including a bill that would have placed limits on drone use by law enforcement and another that would have expanded no-fly zones around critical infrastructure, private property and parkland. State Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson (D-Santa Barbara) who introduced the latter bill, complained that the technology industry hadn’t been willing to work with her to shape a compromise. The consequence of such blocking-and-tackling is exactly what the drone industry fears most — a patchwork of federal, state and local rules and ordinances to fill what Miller calls “a Wild West void.” “Our interest is in reasonable outcomes and, most important, consistency,” says Brendan Schulman, vice president of policy and legal affairs for DJI. Generally, he says, DJI doesn’t object to measures that simply extend existing prohibitions to drones. The industry supports a proposed measure specifying that restraining orders protecting individuals from stalkers applies to drones flown within the prohibited space. “You shouldn’t be stalking somebody, including with a drone,” he says. But the industry objects to rules that single out drones, say, by requiring special permits for activities that would be otherwise legal. After Brown issued his vetoes last year, the San Diego County community of Poway enacted its own ban on flying drones within the city during emergencies. “Poway has had a bull’s-eye on its back when it comes to wildfires,” Mayor Steve Vaus said then, targeting drone pilots “trying to get footage that they can monetize on YouTube … on the backs of our first responders.” The Los Angeles City Council last year passed an ordinance that resembles FAA rules by prohibiting flights higher than 500 feet, within five miles of an airport or 25 feet of a person, while imposing local punishments of up to $1,000 in fines and up to six months in jail. Drones aren’t going away. That buzzing you hear is just the front edge of a tidal wave. Before it arrives, California legislators should have a single, consistent legal regime in place to protect the public from untrained and heedless remote pilots, and the drone industry should get behind reasonable rules. The first time an accident occurs that demonstrates how lax our oversight is of this emerging industry will be the last time it will have the credibility to sit at the table. ©2016 the Los Angeles Times. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED California Gov. Jerry Brown Vetoes Drone Regulation Bill Drone Regulations Won't Land Until 2017 Drones Take Off, but Regulations Remain Grounded 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM Policy Papers You may also like California Gov. Jerry Brown Vetoes Drone Regulation Bill MAGAZINE Government Technology October/November 2016 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER When a Comment Becomes a Crisis: What to Do When Going Viral Happens to You Download © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES FUTURE STRUCTURE INNOVATION NATION LATEST ISSUE SUBSCRIBE
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Report: Apple boosted by corporate customers as consumer demand falters By Ethan Baron / August 8, 2016 at 12:34 PM Apple co-founder Steve Jobs sneered at corporate customers, but with iPhone sales dropping and the company’s revenue slipping, business clients have become a key base for the Cupertino firm. Jobs in 2008 demonstrated his contempt for the corporate buyer, referring in a meeting with Intel officials to the position of chief information officer. “Why would I do anything for that orifice called the CIO?” Jobs said, according to Computer Dealer News. Now, however, Apple is increasingly reliant on big-business customers, who occupy a crucial role now that the firm’s phone sales have been slowing down. Last year’s $25 billion in sales of equipment and services to companies and other large customers represented only about 11 percent of total revenue, but also reflected a 40 percent jump over the previous year, compared with 28 percent revenue growth overall for the company, according to The New York Times. “Sales of high-end iPads to business customers in particular have been strong,” the paper reported. “Nearly half of all iPads are now bought by corporations and governments. Companies are turning to Apple’s products for their tight-knit hardware and software, advanced security features and intuitive interfaces. “Aiding Apple’s corporate sales has been a concern that phones and tablets running Google’s Android software, which are generally cheaper and popular with consumers, have lagged in the security technology and the standardization that companies want.” The company’s iPhones and iPads “have become the preferred mobile computing devices for corporations, as industries from insurers to airlines aim to ditch bulky PCs and give their employees the ability to do their jobs from anywhere using smartphones or tablets,” the paper reported. And Apple CEO Tim Cook takes a different view of the corporate customer than Jobs. The firm started taking “enterprise” buyers more seriously when people began using their iPhones and iPads at work, Cook told a conference in September, according to Bloomberg. “When the world was bifurcated between consumer and enterprise, we focused on the consumer,” Cook said. “But now if you want a smartphone, you don’t say, ‘I want an enterprise smartphone.’ “Enterprise is a huge opportunity for us.” Photo illustration: An iPhone held up in front of the Apple logo. (AFP/Getty Images) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, consumer, corporate, Enterprise, iPads, iPhones, Steve Jobs   More Posts in 1 Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump November 21, 2016   Mark Zuckerberg shares Facebook’s plan to combat fake news November 19, 2016   Microsoft to tie executive bonuses to workforce diversity after two years of reduced female employees: report November 18, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       fstein Back in 2008, enterprise IT had a “just say no to Apple” policy. Now, with BYOD, IT has to support Macs, iPads and iPhones. Apple wisely partnered with IBM who have been selling support and ‘solutions’ usually on a per user basis. The IT department simply passes IBM’s bill to each department (plus their internal mark-up). Users get the devices they want. IT takes no risk. Apple’s devices are more secure and manageable. Cisco and SAP joined the party more recently. Apple, IBM, Cisco, SAP, and end users all win. TrickyDickie “more secure and manageable” Lol! Matt Perkins iOS devices are proven more secure and easier to use than Android devices. You can be an Android fanboy all you want but the facts are facts. Security Researches all agree iPhones are more secure than Android devices. Hackers all agree iPhones are harder to hack into than Android devices and even Consumer Reports says iPhones offer the best out of box experience compared to Android. So not sure why you’re laughing unless it’s at your own ignorance. William Haynes IBM now sells and makes apps for the SURFACE tablets too. fstein No doubt. Windows and it’s variants must be supported too. AAPL.To.Break.$95.Soon.>:-) How long has it been since Steve Jobs passed away? Do people really think Apple is going to follow his way of doing business forever. Times change and the business has to change with it. When Steve was alive Android didn’t have 85% market share like it does now. All that’s left is poor countries with poorly-paid consumers only wanting to buy the cheapest piece of smartphone they can get their hands on. Apple had better find some other customers willing to pay for their products no matter where they come from. Apple should try as hard as possible to woo the enterprise and maybe the company will eventually lose that doomed reputation. Heck, no one is saying Microsoft or Tesla is doomed, so why should Apple be considered doomed. It would be nice if Apple could take over where BlackBerry used to be. Wall Street once worshipped RIM for having a lock on the enterprise. TrickyDickie “why should Apple be considered doomed?” Because even the fanboys are starting to wake up to their marketing tactics lol CelestialTerrestrial Tim did manage to get IBM and Cisco to promote Apple products in the Enterprise. IBM is now a reseller of Apple products. IBM is a Authorized Service Provider for Apple in the Enterprise. IBM is also a large and growing customer and case study as an Apple customer. Check out the JMAF conference presentation from last year, it’s a pretty good video to watch what IBM did last year and what benefits they are seeing. I think the old CIO mentality has been changing over the years and Apple’s benefitting. It sure doesn’t hurt that Tim is an ex-IBM and ex-Compaq manager with a degree in Industrial Design and an MBA. As brilliant as Jobs was, he really never understood the business world and that’s partly his own fault. He was too busy with the consumer and education space, he forgot who spends the most in IT. plus, IBM had the control and pushing PCs along with every PC clone mfg. So Microsoft benefitted by slapping their OS on anyone’s hardware. The problem is that it’s just flat out more costly to manage from an IT perspective and they forced their users to use Microsoft based OS, and then the employees bought PCs for the home because that’s all they knew. The iPhone really turned a lot of PC users over to Apple, and the Mac business has been increasing since. I think if everyone that has an iPhone were to use Macs, then Mac market share would reach 18% global market, which isn’t too shabby, they currently have only 7 to 8% global. The thing that people STILL can’t wrap their heads around is that if you add up the Net Profits of Microsoft, Google, Samsung, HP Inc., Dell, Lenovo, Acer and ASUS (All of Apple’s biggest competitors for desktops/laptops, smartphones and tablets), Apple makes as much as they do COMBINED. Apparently Apple’s business model works, and these others don’t. Apple only works on a 40% Gross Margin and retains a 20% Net Profit. For those idiots that think that Apple’s products are overpriced… I have one thing to say. NO, Apple’s products are not overpriced. It’s their competitors that are selling their products too cheaply, not managing their inventory/product offering well and they don’t have a strong efficient retail store model that works. If you look at Dell, HP, Lenovo, etc. they just make too damn many products and what happens is they overspend R&D, Support, and most importantly Inventory and they end up discounting them because they not only confuse the customer, but they can’t sell everything they make. It’s called TOO many SKU’s, TOO much inventory, TOO much discounting, and that’s TOO many TOO’s. Going after market share is the DUMBEST thing to do if you go after business that’s not profitable. A big number (customers) multiplied by zero (no profits) is still zero profits. That’s why IBM, Compaq and others got out of the PC industry and sold their businesses to someone dumber than they were. When people say that Android has the biggest market share. Well, yes and no. If you look at the smartphone business of products sold under the MSRP of $400, Apple has no market share, but if you look at the $400+ market, Apple has a pretty damn good market share. It’s just that the there are more people buying the sub-$400 smartphones and those don’t make any profit. They have those Freedom phones for $10, how can anyone make a phone for $10 and make an actual profit? I think the Chinese government has to subsidize a lot of these China based smartphone mfg. that lose money on selling smartphones, but for how long can they do that? I’m surprised there isn’t more fallout in the Android world in terms of Android mfg going out of business.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes… Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Donald Trump says he and Tim Cook talked Apple… Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump Why did Oracle’s co-CEO Safra Catz visit Trump?     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Your ad blocker is turned on. Please consider turning it off while visiting TweakTown, or whitelisting us. We depend on advertising to fund our expenses. Navigation Forum Tech Support from Vendors ASRock If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Asrock Extreme 6 X99 - remote management? Orbweb? ME? IPMI? Thread: Asrock Extreme 6 X99 - remote management? Orbweb? ME? IPMI? Tags: learn, management, motherboard, remote, tool gingerbob said: 08-09-2016 Asrock Extreme 6 X99 - remote management? Orbweb? ME? IPMI? Im trying to learn this motherboard but the documentation is aimed towards Users not administrators as it seem. It's utterly useless to be honest. Is there any other way to remotely manage this motherboard without the use of Orbweb? I dont really like this tool and it has no hardcore system settings available like IPMI has for example. Could perhaps Intel media engine somehow be used remote management? Since the uefi bios has a "Asrock remote support" button available I suspect there is a more advance tool somewhere that I could use. At the moment it feel like my PC is running a secret admin system which I has absolutely no way of accessing. Any advanced tools out there that you could share? What Im also trying to get my head around is how Windows 10 pro treats this motherboard and sets it up, I want to learn all there is so if you have any input here I would appreciate it.   Log in Register Full Site Top Powered by vBulletin® Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Search Engine Optimisation provided by DragonByte SEO (Pro) - vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2016 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. vBulletin Optimisation provided by vB Optimise (Pro) - vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2016 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. Copyright (c) Tweak Town Pty Ltd
null
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Report: Apple boosted by corporate customers as consumer demand falters By Ethan Baron / August 8, 2016 at 12:34 PM Apple co-founder Steve Jobs sneered at corporate customers, but with iPhone sales dropping and the company’s revenue slipping, business clients have become a key base for the Cupertino firm. Jobs in 2008 demonstrated his contempt for the corporate buyer, referring in a meeting with Intel officials to the position of chief information officer. “Why would I do anything for that orifice called the CIO?” Jobs said, according to Computer Dealer News. Now, however, Apple is increasingly reliant on big-business customers, who occupy a crucial role now that the firm’s phone sales have been slowing down. Last year’s $25 billion in sales of equipment and services to companies and other large customers represented only about 11 percent of total revenue, but also reflected a 40 percent jump over the previous year, compared with 28 percent revenue growth overall for the company, according to The New York Times. “Sales of high-end iPads to business customers in particular have been strong,” the paper reported. “Nearly half of all iPads are now bought by corporations and governments. Companies are turning to Apple’s products for their tight-knit hardware and software, advanced security features and intuitive interfaces. “Aiding Apple’s corporate sales has been a concern that phones and tablets running Google’s Android software, which are generally cheaper and popular with consumers, have lagged in the security technology and the standardization that companies want.” The company’s iPhones and iPads “have become the preferred mobile computing devices for corporations, as industries from insurers to airlines aim to ditch bulky PCs and give their employees the ability to do their jobs from anywhere using smartphones or tablets,” the paper reported. And Apple CEO Tim Cook takes a different view of the corporate customer than Jobs. The firm started taking “enterprise” buyers more seriously when people began using their iPhones and iPads at work, Cook told a conference in September, according to Bloomberg. “When the world was bifurcated between consumer and enterprise, we focused on the consumer,” Cook said. “But now if you want a smartphone, you don’t say, ‘I want an enterprise smartphone.’ “Enterprise is a huge opportunity for us.” Photo illustration: An iPhone held up in front of the Apple logo. (AFP/Getty Images) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, consumer, corporate, Enterprise, iPads, iPhones, Steve Jobs   More Posts in 1 Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump November 21, 2016   Mark Zuckerberg shares Facebook’s plan to combat fake news November 19, 2016   Microsoft to tie executive bonuses to workforce diversity after two years of reduced female employees: report November 18, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       fstein Back in 2008, enterprise IT had a “just say no to Apple” policy. Now, with BYOD, IT has to support Macs, iPads and iPhones. Apple wisely partnered with IBM who have been selling support and ‘solutions’ usually on a per user basis. The IT department simply passes IBM’s bill to each department (plus their internal mark-up). Users get the devices they want. IT takes no risk. Apple’s devices are more secure and manageable. Cisco and SAP joined the party more recently. Apple, IBM, Cisco, SAP, and end users all win. TrickyDickie “more secure and manageable” Lol! Matt Perkins iOS devices are proven more secure and easier to use than Android devices. You can be an Android fanboy all you want but the facts are facts. Security Researches all agree iPhones are more secure than Android devices. Hackers all agree iPhones are harder to hack into than Android devices and even Consumer Reports says iPhones offer the best out of box experience compared to Android. So not sure why you’re laughing unless it’s at your own ignorance. William Haynes IBM now sells and makes apps for the SURFACE tablets too. fstein No doubt. Windows and it’s variants must be supported too. AAPL.To.Break.$95.Soon.>:-) How long has it been since Steve Jobs passed away? Do people really think Apple is going to follow his way of doing business forever. Times change and the business has to change with it. When Steve was alive Android didn’t have 85% market share like it does now. All that’s left is poor countries with poorly-paid consumers only wanting to buy the cheapest piece of smartphone they can get their hands on. Apple had better find some other customers willing to pay for their products no matter where they come from. Apple should try as hard as possible to woo the enterprise and maybe the company will eventually lose that doomed reputation. Heck, no one is saying Microsoft or Tesla is doomed, so why should Apple be considered doomed. It would be nice if Apple could take over where BlackBerry used to be. Wall Street once worshipped RIM for having a lock on the enterprise. TrickyDickie “why should Apple be considered doomed?” Because even the fanboys are starting to wake up to their marketing tactics lol CelestialTerrestrial Tim did manage to get IBM and Cisco to promote Apple products in the Enterprise. IBM is now a reseller of Apple products. IBM is a Authorized Service Provider for Apple in the Enterprise. IBM is also a large and growing customer and case study as an Apple customer. Check out the JMAF conference presentation from last year, it’s a pretty good video to watch what IBM did last year and what benefits they are seeing. I think the old CIO mentality has been changing over the years and Apple’s benefitting. It sure doesn’t hurt that Tim is an ex-IBM and ex-Compaq manager with a degree in Industrial Design and an MBA. As brilliant as Jobs was, he really never understood the business world and that’s partly his own fault. He was too busy with the consumer and education space, he forgot who spends the most in IT. plus, IBM had the control and pushing PCs along with every PC clone mfg. So Microsoft benefitted by slapping their OS on anyone’s hardware. The problem is that it’s just flat out more costly to manage from an IT perspective and they forced their users to use Microsoft based OS, and then the employees bought PCs for the home because that’s all they knew. The iPhone really turned a lot of PC users over to Apple, and the Mac business has been increasing since. I think if everyone that has an iPhone were to use Macs, then Mac market share would reach 18% global market, which isn’t too shabby, they currently have only 7 to 8% global. The thing that people STILL can’t wrap their heads around is that if you add up the Net Profits of Microsoft, Google, Samsung, HP Inc., Dell, Lenovo, Acer and ASUS (All of Apple’s biggest competitors for desktops/laptops, smartphones and tablets), Apple makes as much as they do COMBINED. Apparently Apple’s business model works, and these others don’t. Apple only works on a 40% Gross Margin and retains a 20% Net Profit. For those idiots that think that Apple’s products are overpriced… I have one thing to say. NO, Apple’s products are not overpriced. It’s their competitors that are selling their products too cheaply, not managing their inventory/product offering well and they don’t have a strong efficient retail store model that works. If you look at Dell, HP, Lenovo, etc. they just make too damn many products and what happens is they overspend R&D, Support, and most importantly Inventory and they end up discounting them because they not only confuse the customer, but they can’t sell everything they make. It’s called TOO many SKU’s, TOO much inventory, TOO much discounting, and that’s TOO many TOO’s. Going after market share is the DUMBEST thing to do if you go after business that’s not profitable. A big number (customers) multiplied by zero (no profits) is still zero profits. That’s why IBM, Compaq and others got out of the PC industry and sold their businesses to someone dumber than they were. When people say that Android has the biggest market share. Well, yes and no. If you look at the smartphone business of products sold under the MSRP of $400, Apple has no market share, but if you look at the $400+ market, Apple has a pretty damn good market share. It’s just that the there are more people buying the sub-$400 smartphones and those don’t make any profit. They have those Freedom phones for $10, how can anyone make a phone for $10 and make an actual profit? I think the Chinese government has to subsidize a lot of these China based smartphone mfg. that lose money on selling smartphones, but for how long can they do that? I’m surprised there isn’t more fallout in the Android world in terms of Android mfg going out of business.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes… Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Donald Trump says he and Tim Cook talked Apple… Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump Why did Oracle’s co-CEO Safra Catz visit Trump?     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Advertisement This ad will close in  seconds. Skip now Welcome, Advertisement HOME News Channels 5G/Massive MIMO Aerospace & Defense Broadband Cellular/4G/LTE EMC/EMI Industrial/Scientific/Medical IoT/M2M/V2V RFID/GPS/Location RFIC Software/EDA Test & Measurement eLearning Webinars 5G mmWave Training Couse White Papers Design Tools History of Wireless Communications Acronyms List Community Blogs Classifieds Section MWJ Facebook Page Polls RF & Microwave LinkedIn Group Twitter Events Webinars Trade Shows Training-User Meetings EDI CON China EDI CON USA EDI CON USA Online Show Daily IMS MTT-S European Microwave Week EuMW Online Show Daily Buyers Guide Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos Magazine Current Issue Archives Subscribe Subscription Renewal Renew Profile Logout Sign-In / Subscribe FREE Subscription MWJ China View Cart Advertisement Entire Site Buyer's Guide Find Advanced Search Recent Searchessmart antenna / enter keywords / materials 5g / api technologies / thin film antenna Advertisement In Print Digital Edition Online Edition Featured Metamaterial Advances for Radar and Communications Featured Characterization and Modeling of High Q Dielectric Resonators Featured Designing Next-Generation AESA Radar In Print Supplement 5G and IoT Supplement Fingertip Gesture Control Interface for "Invisible" Devices Testing 5G: Time to Throw Away the Cables NB-IoT and eMTC Make 4G Networks Ready for IoT The MWJ Buyer's Guide Click this featured vendor's logo for the latest RF/microwave products, catalogs, brochures and company news. Visit Buyer's Guide | Get Your Company Listed Popular Most Viewed Recent Comments Metamaterial Advances for Radar and Communications e2v Announces First K-Band Digital-to-Analog Converter MACOM Wins Preliminary Injunction Halting Infineon’s Use of GaN-on-Si for RF Analog Devices Makes MEMS Switch Technology a Commercial Reality Anokiwave Collaborates with GLOBALFOUNDRIES to Deliver mmWave Technologies Application of SAA radar technology to UAV s - Echodyne Announces First Successful Airborne Detect and Avoid Radar Test on a Small Drone Elite Demo Video - SiTime introduces high-precision MEMS oscillators cree Sic mosfets - Cree SiC MOSFETs revolutionize HEV/EV power converters - Power Amplifier Linearization Using an Indirect-learning-based Inverse TDNN Model common mode termination - Measuring Phase Noise with Baluns Advertisement Video Library   Visit Video Library November Poll Question What will be the first successful commercial application of AESAs? 5G communications Air traffic control radar Automotive radar Satellite communications Weather radar View Results Poll Archive Home » Massive MIMO, massive win for Bristol student at NI Engineering Impact Awards Industry News / 5G/Massive MIMO Channel Massive MIMO, massive win for Bristol student at NI Engineering Impact Awards University of Bristol, Bristol, UK August 8, 2016 No Comments KEYWORDS awards / engineering / massive / mimo / spectrum / wireless Email / Print / Reprints / | More / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Email Tweet Related Articles Universities of Bristol and Lund, with NI, set new world record in 5G wireless spectrum efficiency NI announces world’s first application framework for massive MIMO Related Events Demystifying 5G and the Evolution to Massive MIMO for Increased Capacity and Profit 2013 FEKO Webinar Archive A postgraduate student from the University of Bristol is the joint recipient of five separate awards in recognition of their world record achievement in 5G wireless spectrum efficiency using Massive MIMO. The announcement was made at the 22nd annual NIWeek conference in Austin, Texas, at the National Instruments (NI) Engineering Impact Awards ceremony, August 2, 2016. Paul Harris, from the University’s EPSRC Centre for Doctoral Training (CDT) in Communications together with Steffen Malkowsky, from the University of Lund in Sweden, won NI’s Wireless and Mobile Communications category together with NI’s Engineering Grand Challenges Award, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Edgeline Big Analog Data Award, Powered by Xilinx Award, and the 2016 Customer Application of the Year Award. In the 2016 NI Engineering Impact Awards - an annual set of awards that showcase extraordinary and innovative projects - over 100 entries were submitted, which were narrowed down to 14 finalists in seven specialisations. From these shortlists the winner was selected in each individual category. A further nine additional awards were presented, including NI Global Student Design Showcase, NI Community’s Choice, HPE Edgeline Big Analog Data, Intel Internet of Things, Powered by Xilinx, Engineering Grand Challenges, Humanitarian, Innovations in STEM and the 2016 Customer Application of the Year. Paul and Steffen used a 128-antenna massive MIMO testbed to demonstrate simultaneous real-time wireless connectivity to multiple users in the same radio channel through a technique known as spatial multiplexing. In their April submission they described how 12 users could be simultaneously connected using a single 20MHz channel at 3.5 GHz. They achieved an aggregate data rate of 1.59 Gbps and set a new world record in wireless spectrum efficiency of 79.4bit/s/Hz. In May, Bristol and Lund supported 22 simultaneous users and smashed through the 100 bit/s/Hz barrier; eventually setting a new world record of 145.6 bit/s/Hz. The research team’s achievement with massive MIMO arrays, which are cellular base stations with more than 100 antennas, demonstrates that this technology could deliver ultra-fast data rates to high densities of smartphones and tablets. Massive MIMO is a key technology for 5G, the next generation of wireless access. The hardware behind this demonstration was provided to the University as part of Bristol Is Open, a joint venture with Bristol City Council that aims to become the world’s first Open Programmable City.  The team used a NI flexible prototyping platform based on LabVIEW system design software and PXI hardware. Spectrum and power efficient wireless communications are core to the University of Bristol’sCommunication Systems & Networks (CSN) Research Group as well as the EPSRC CDT in Communications and the Department of Electrical and Information Technology at Lund University. Mark Beach, Professor of Radio Systems Engineering in the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering and Manager of the EPSRC Centre for Doctoral Training (CDT) in Communications, said, “We’re justifiably proud of Paul and Steffen and these awards truly exemplifies both their technical contributions to the field of Massive MIMO 5G wireless spectral efficiency and our collaborations with European universities and the NI engineering team in the US.” Today [Wednesday 3 August], as part of the NIWeek conference, Professor Andrew Nix, Dean of Engineering and Head of the CSN research group, took to the NI stage as part of a keynote presentation entitled ‘5G: What’s the Big Deal?’  This event attracted more than 3,200 innovators, with thousands more watching around the world on a live stream.   Professor Andrew Nix said, “The demands for mobile data are increasing exponentially and operators are struggling to keep up. In the sub 6GHz bands, Massive MIMO is the 5G technology of choice. By breaking the work spectral efficiency record twice, compared to 4G we’ve managed to demonstrate an order of magnitude increase in spectral efficiency.” As part of the NI 5G summit, Professor Mark Beach participated in an IEEE Communications Society panel session entitled ‘‘How will record-setting spectral efficiency impact real 5G systems?"  Mark spoke along with fellow international experts in the field showcasing Bristol’s on-going contributions to international 5G R&D. Recent Articles by University of Bristol, Bristol, UK Universities of Bristol and Lund, with NI, set new world record in 5G wireless spectrum efficiency Post a comment to this article Name* E-mail (will not be displayed)* Subject Comment* 
 Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Advertisement Home About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit An Article Reprints Privacy Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.                 Sign-In Email Password Remember me Forgot your password? No Account? Sign Up! Get access to premium content and e-newsletters by registering on the web site.  You can also subscribe to Microwave Journal magazine. Sign-Up Advertisement
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content TDWorld Search: Subscribe About Us Magazine Issues Advertise Shop Electrical Jobs Today Newsletters Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Energy Times Overhead Distribution Overhead Transmission Underground T&D Substations Smart Grid AMI Distribution Automation Distribution Management Systems EMS /SCADA Smart Consumer Billing Demand Response Utilities Call Center Renewables Advertisement Home > Grid Optimization > Grid Opt Smart Grid > A Smart Grid Chasm-Crossing Dilemma Where experts and professionals share insights and inspirations to grow business and build careers A Smart Grid Chasm-Crossing Dilemma Aug 4, 2016 by Peter Manos Market Strategist, T&D World 10 Articles EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 What is in this article?: A Smart Grid Chasm-Crossing Dilemma Don McDonnell Doug Houseman Rick Bush Geoff Zeiss Dr. Mani Vadari How well does the “chasm-crossing” theory fit the power delivery industry? In the strategic marketing world, we often talk about motivating innovators and early adopters sufficiently to catalyze a “crossing of the chasm.” The concept can be viewed in terms of a product adoption model that breaks up markets into customer segments, as shown below: It is often assumed that this model, promoted by Geoffrey Moore in Crossing the Chasm, fits our industry’s smart grid and grid-edge efforts. But does it? Has your transformer’s or circuit breaker’s cost been cut in half while doubling its electric capacity every 18 months? No.  Why do I refer to 18 months? Because the chasm-crossing model is driven not by our industry but by the more rapid pace of change in the IT and semiconductor industries, due to the 18-month “rule” in Moore’s Law. (Moore’s Law — from Intel’s Gordon Moore, not “Crossing the Chasm’s” Geoffrey Moore — says that the number of transistors in a dense integrated circuit doubles approximately every 18 months, and has been born out since the invention of the transistor in the 1950s, with ongoing reductions in associated costs and increases in associated computing power.) Here are two examples of smart grid "forced fits": 1. We have numerous smart grid programs that take a "focus group” marketing approach, designing different messages to keep each segment “happy,” including a lot of segments that overlap with Geoffrey Moore’s chasm-crossing segments. Is this a forced fit? 2. We have numerous attempts to apply this chasm-crossing model to grid-edge technology uptake as well. The Networked EV: Smart Grids and Electric Vehicles; First Stop, California by Greentech Media (Feb. 2010) is a classic example. The article states that the “chasm” had not yet even been approached for EVs and talks about needs for a greater smart grid infrastructure to support EVs as “a future ‘killer app’ of the smart grid.” The fundamental assumption of these two examples is that the chasm-crossing model fits — somehow. Isn’t it naïve to think everyone to the right of the chasm — the pragmatists, conservatives, skeptics and laggards — will simply start buying EVs or Nest thermostats like hotcakes once the needs of innovators and early adopters are met? My question for our IdeaXchange Xperts is this: How well do you think “chasm-crossing” theory fits our industry, and what are the bad consequences of “force-fitting it” where it does not belong? Don McDonnell » 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 Ike Kiefer on Aug 10, 2016 Excellent topic. I appreciate the evenhanded setup to the question. Also some very insightful comments made by others already on this thread. Working 25 years in the military, I have been on the receiving end of many top-down, force-fed early adoptions. Most were flops. The ones that stuck were still painful lessons in the costs of a naive approach to premature change. Some failed because they were nothing more than bumper sticker slogans lean on real original content. Others failed because they were ephemeral fads cooked up by ivory tower intellectuals uninformed by practical life experience. The outcome of all the rapid (i.e., revolutionary or "transformational") changes I saw were either a fade to failure that eventually yielded back to tried and true methods, or a persistent but regrettable and clumsy bolt-on to existing methods that just added unhelpful layers of complexity and bureaucracy. The pace of harmful change was at its peak under Rumsfeld and his vision for "transformation." I was at the epicenter of this mostly pointless churn working in the aptly titled Joint Transformation Division of the Joint Staff. The pearls of genuine wisdom and value that did come along on occasion during my career, such as some of the principals embedded within Deming's TQM, were generally not applied with the understanding or discipline necessary to take root and bear fruit before moving on to the next fad. I have come to the opinion that change for change's sake is one of the most self-destructive activities there is, and we often do more harm to ourselves with misguided change than our worst enemies could hope to inflict upon us by design. A long view of history shows that much of the change is cyclic, as we chase what we think are new ideas that are really old ideas that have simply slipped from the collective consciousness in a generational turnover. Leaders who don't know history are suckers for the snake oil salesmen peddling their proprietary/best-selling version of the next coming revolution or transformation. The great Prussian military theorist Carl von Clausewitz was careful to distinguish between the changing character of war and the unchanging nature of war. The character of war may change with new technologies and environments (e.g., aircraft, submarines, missiles, robots, outer space, cyberspace, etc.), but the nature of warfare remains the same -- a lethal competition between humans governed by passion, reason, and chance. Similarly, while the electric power utility industry may change in character with technology (DG, storage, HVDC, microgrids, EVs, etc.), the nature remains the same: a second-by-second operational balancing act of interconnected generation and load, and a year-by-year balancing act of apportioning capital investment among the four competing mandates of accessible, reliable, affordable, and safe electric power. Resources are finite and needs are infinite. We should not overspend on one mandate to the detriment of the others or to the detriment of grid stability. Energy sector leaders who know their energy history recognize that wind and solar and hydro and biofuels and electricity storage are all ancient technologies that long predate the first power grid. They know that each technology has a painfully slow evolutionary arc when measured by actual, large-scale, un-subsidized economic performance of fielded hardware, rather than measured by peak performance in laboratory conditions at pilot scale, or measured by popularity during cyclic waves of partisan political ideology propaganda and public sentiment. In military studies, we found that it was often economists rather than generals who were the best predictors of revolutions in the character of warfare. For example, economist Ivan Bloch predicted the machine gun and artillery shell-saturated no-man's land of World War I, and its escalation to a nation-state industrial duel, while the generals at the military academies of France and England were teaching that the next war would be won by cavalry charges and bayonets and moral courage. Economics is largely a black box science in that it illuminates trends and tipping points more than it explains the why behind them. But we should look for substantial empirical evidence and durable trends rather than relying on simplistic theories based on only a handful of favored variables and manipulated data points (i.e., incipient ice age predictions of the 1970s, global warming predictions of the 1990s, hurricane swarm predictions following 2005-2006). And the best leaders know their craft well enough to know the absolute limits of what is possible and what is not (i.e., the boundaries of physics and human performance) so as not to be duped by snake oil salesman. The advocates of early adoption will claim the time to change is when the new thing is just marginally better than the old. This ignores the economies of integration and optimization that are disrupted by change. Change has a cost. The real time to change is when the new thing is mature enough to be well-understood and the advantages can be calculated with some assurance to be large enough to make a sound business case for enduring the cost of the transition. So what do the empirical evidence and the economic trend lines indicate for the USA? - Wind: annual capital investment peaked in 2009 and is declining year on year. Capacity factors of new terrestrial installs are the same as older installs despite larger turbine size due to less optimal siting (i.e., declining WRI). Capital cost and O&M of offshore remains daunting, as does environmental opposition. Combined with increasing need for recapitalization of older turbines, these trends argue for a not too distant plateau in capacity. - Hydro: over 1,000 dams dynamited in the past 20 years. New initiatives to power unpowered dams offset by ongoing efforts to restore rivers. Environmental opposition likely to thwart new projects. No significant change in capacity likely. - Solar: Have transitioned from phase of exponential growth to linear growth. Rooftop solar market growth has peaked and is declining. Same is now happening to community solar. Market of credit-worthy homeowners with suitable rooftops and desire for this lifestyle choice is largely tapped out. Creative financing and leasing schemes for non-home owners are also hitting saturation. Additional state funding to put solar or roofs of poor faces subsidy fatigue. Utility-scale is now a long-term buyers' market in PPA pricing and will sustain the bulk of solar growth through the end of the ITC. Then expect a plateau in capacity. - Nuclear: Small oscillations in U.S. capacity ongoing during an extended period of recapitalization. No evidence of a renaissance that will displace other generation capacity in USA. However, capacity will continue to grow in the developing world, and there is likely to be a growing diversity of technologies and fuel cycles. This will be a regulatory and proliferation challenge. - Natural gas: The glut that began in 2012, but was not popularly recognized until 2014, will continue beyond 2020. Supply is extremely elastic and small changes in price will bring quick adjustments in supply, and quick price corrections. The price volatility that remains will be due to unpredictable speculation and conflict, not significant swings in market fundamentals. U.S. will continue to enjoy a price trough compared to rest of the world. Low natural gas prices support continuing trend of onshoring of energy-intensive business, particularly those suitable to automation and robotic manufacturing rather than needing large labor forces. Pipeline infrasture will be limiting factor for electric utilities. - Coal: Not likely to recover much in the U.S. due to cheap NG. However, coal remains the fastest, cheapest, and most reliable way to bring urban-scale electricity to the billions in the developing world who are underserved. Coal will continue its trajectory as the fastest growing fuel for global electricity generation, particularly in India, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Africa. (China's economic growth rate peak is permanently behind it due to demographics. Coal and other energy consumption is currently languishing as they are in recession, but energy consumption growth rate will never return to what it was between 2000 and 2010). - Biofuels: Slow fade to end with a whimper. Liquid biofuels now recognized by national academies and environmentalists and humanitarian agencies as not clean, not green, not sustainable, increasing GHG emissions, damaging the enviroment, increasing fuel costs, and competing with food agriculture regardless of feedstock. Lobbyists losing traction as price remains at a premium to refined petroleum, bulk of production still coming from food crops, and the remainder coming from GMO versions of weeds and invasive species. Doomed by poor EROI due to physical limitations of photosynthesis and thermodynamic losses in converting carbohydrates to hydrocarbons. Abengoa, Dupont, Poet all have quarter million dollar cellulosic ethanol refineries that are about to go the way of Cello, Range Fuels, and KiOR. E10 will not survive the eventual repeal of RFS. Expect power industry to continue low levels of co-firing with cheap wood harvest and mill waste. - Electric Vehicles: U.S. EV sales growth peaked in 2013 and has been declining year on year since. Despite the hype, EV performance lags coventional cars. Tesla S85 propulsion system generates half the horsepower per pound and has half the range per pound of the gasoline propulsion system of a Ford Mustang GT. But the Tesla costs 3 times as much and takes 50 times longer to refuel. Lifecycle GHG emissions of a Tesla are the same as a Jeep Grand Cherokee, particularly attributable to battery fabrication and disposal. We are fast approaching market saturation for EVs, and this will not change without a battery breakthrough. - Storage: Continued incremental progress, but no revolutionary breakthrough that the public will embrace (real progress would require shift to nuclear rather than chemical energy storage). Electrons are real; bits are virtual. Moore's Law is a description of how we have progressed in shrinking the amount of concrete macro stuff it takes to represent and handle a virtual abstract entity of zero size and mass. Electrons stubbornly have fixed mass and size, and cannot be shrunk or substituted. Moore's Law does not apply to electricity (nor to anything but computing, despite claims from some futurists and snake oil salesmen). What storage progress does occur will favor coal and nuclear baseload generation as much as intermittent wind and solar, as it enables both to become load-following. Expect advancement beyond LiON performance only to be implemented at utility scale in dedicated plants and substations due to exotic technology, toxicity, and explosive energy danger. - Climate: Evidence is that warming and melting is not proceeding as originally forecast. 2013 IPCC scientific report recanted almost all the alarmism of the 2007 IPCC report, but White House and pundits vested in alarmism continue to quote from the 2007 report and use the invalidated warming coefficients that predict 2 degrees by the end of the century. Current data supports 0.1 to 0.2 degrees by end of century, which is actually net beneficial to humans and the planet. The Sun is currently in a near record drought of sunspots, and many solar scientists are predicting a reduction in total solar irradiance, and particularly in the solar wind the ultraviolet spectrum that affects upper level cloud formation. Some see this as a long phase that will last until 2050, and that may overpower CO2 effects with a cooling trend similar to the Maunder Minimum of a couple centuries ago. In any case, the data is that sea level rise is not accelerating from the rate it has been for thousands of year, the oceans remain firmly alkaline (pH of 8.0), global sea ice coverage is unchanged from what is was when satellites starting measuring in 1973, hurricanes and severe weather are not increasing (the USA has been in a hurricane drought since 2006), beneficial terrestrial precipitation is slightly increased but flooding is not (drought-ravaged Ethiopia is now getting rain), the U.S. drought index is unchanged from 2000 to 2015, the total acreage burned by wildfires is the same today as it was in 1960 but the number of fires is lower, the IPCC and NOAA agree that the weather in the 20th century was milder than the weather in the preceding five centuries based on statistical and archaeological evidence of storm landfall, floods, and fires. Bottom line: while weather remains a violent force on the planet that we must respect and engineer against, there is no evidence that it is becoming more violent. However, we have greatly increased our exposure to severe weather by adding huge amounts of population and capital to vulnerable coastlines and flood basins. Thus our damages from extreme weather events are likely to rise, even though human casualty rates have decreased by multiple orders of magnitude over the past century due to improved warning, evacuation, and medical attention. In summary, I currently see the U.S. electric utility industry suffering from the same uncritical infatuation with change that I experienced in the military. We have been decreasing our power grid resilience by decommissioning dispatchable coal and nuclear power plants, adding natural gas plants without the commensurate pipeline capacity, and forcing must-take intermittent generation onto the grid. We have also been increasing energy poverty by a spending spree on duplicative and low capacity factor generation and transmission during a time of negligible load growth, and this has raised national retail power rates faster than inflation since 2005. Most AMI installations to date, while bringing some significant advantages to both providers and consumers, would likely not pass a business case test for basic payback -- especially those installed by early adopters without remote cutout capability and not taking full advantage of pre-pay rates and big data for maintenance and theft. If this technology was a great efficiency boon and money saver, why are we charging opt-out fees instead of giving opt-in credits? I see plenty of examples of good change, but it is typically evolutionary, not revolutionary. Labor reducing machines like bucket trucks and digger derricks. Growing safety culture and PPE improvements. Lightning-resistant transformers. Telemetry and SCADA. Improved field communications and operations centers. 811 and better coordination with other utilities and municipal services. Better ROW maintenance. But there is no killer technology or app that offers revolutionary improvement in SAIDI or CAIDI or ROI or consumer satisfaction or other objective metrics. And some things remain virtually unchanged over the past century because they are still the optimal solution for balancing the mandates. We have alternatives to wooden poles and bare conductor, but these remain in widespread use today because they are efficient and effective means to accomplish the mission in many situations. Most change is evolutionary, not revolutionary. Most things that appear new have come around before. Change is costly. Like most things in life, direction and timing are critical. The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. Good change requires good leadership. reply Log In or Register to post comments Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your TDWorld ID Email: Your comment: * Related Articles ComEd Smart Grid Program Supported 2800 Jobs in Third Quarter Top 5 Smart Grid Trends From 2013 to Watch in 2014 FPL Unveils New Smart Grid Technology Center 2 AEP Ohio Files To Expand Smart Grid Technologies Union City Electric Harvests AMI Benefits Advertisement Featured Video The changing role of HVDC in the U.S. HVDC is making it possible for utilities in the US to accomplish many goals. It offers active and reactive power to support the aging AC infrastructure, provides a power source for black starts following outages, and moves power from areas of surplus to regions with demand. In this brief video, Deia Bayoumi, ABB’s VP of HVDC Local Execution Center, talks about how HVDC is playing an increasingly important role in the US grid.    For further information about HVDC, download 60 years of HVDC.   Download the white paper   More Videos Advertisement Featured White Papers   Nov 2, 2016 White Paper Transformer health in the real world: Maximizing transformer reliability on a budget. ABB’s MTM Program analyzes transformer-condition data to help you...More Nov 2, 2016 White Paper Ensuring transmission grid stability as the power generation mix changes Read this white paper to learn the four steps grid owners must take...More More White Papers Newsletter Signup Sign-up to receive our free newsletters Grid Optimization - (Weekly) View Sample E-mail: Country: Select countryUNITED STATESCANADAABU DHABIADENAFGHANISTANAL HUCEMAS ISALBANIAALGERIAANDAMAN ISANDORRAANGOLAANGUILLAANTIGUAARGENTINAARMENIAARUBAASCENSION ISAUSTRALIAAUSTRIAAZERBAIJANAZORES ISBAHAMASBAHRAINBANGLADESHBARBADOSBARBUDABELARUSBELEARIC ISBELGIUMBELIZEBENINBERMUDABHUTANBOLIVIABORNEOBOSNIA-HERZEGOVINABOTSWANABRAZILBRITISH VIRGIN ISBRITISH WEST INDIESBRUNEIBULGARIABURKINA FASOBURUNDICAMBODIACAMEROONCANARY ISLANDSCAPE VERDE ISLANDSCAYMAN ISLANDSCENTRAL AFRICAN REPCHADCHAFERINAS ISCHANNEL ISCHATHAM ISCHILECHINACOCO ISLANDCOLOMBIACOMOROSCONGOCOOK ISCOOK ISLANDSCOSTA RICACROATIACUBACYPRUSCZECH REPUBLICDENMARKDJIBOUTIDOMINICADOMINICAN REPUBLICEAST TIMORECUADOREGYPTEL SALVADORENGLANDERITREAESTONIAETHIOPIAFAEROE ISLANDSFALKLAND ISLANDSFIJIFINLANDFRANCEFRENCH GUIANAFRENCH POLYNESIAFRENCH WEST INDIESFUTUNA ISLANDSGABONGAMBIAGAZA STRIPGEORGIAGERMANYGHANAGIBRALTARGILBERT ISGREECEGREENLANDGRENADAGUADELOUPEGUATEMALAGUERNSEYGUINEAGUYANAHAITIHONDURASHONG KONGHUNGARYICELANDINDIAINDONESIAIRANIRAQIRELANDISLE OF MANISRAELITALYIVORY COASTJAMAICAJAPANJORDANKAZAKHSTANKENYAKIRGHIZIAKIRIBATIKOSOVOKUWAITKYRGYZSTANLAOSLATVIALEBANONLESOTHOLIBERIALIBYALIECHTENSTEINLITHUANIALUXEMBOURGMACAOMACEDONIAMADAGASCARMALAGASYMALAWIMALAYSIAMALDIVESMALIMALTAMARSHALL ISLANDSMARTINIQUEMAURITANIAMAURITIUSMAYOTTEMEXICOMICRONESIAMOLDOVAMOLUCA ISMONACOMONGOLIAMONTENEGROMONTSERRATMOROCCOMOZAMBIQUEMYANMARNAMIBIANAURUNEPALNETHERLAND ANTILLESNETHERLANDSNEVISNEW CALEDONIANEW GUINEANEW ZEALANDNICARAGUANIGERNIGERIANORTH KOREANORTHERN IRELANDNORWAYOMANORKNEY ISPAKISTANPALAUPALESTINEPANAMAPARACEL ISLANDSPARAGUAYPERUPHILIPPINESPHOENIX ISPITCAIRN ISPOLANDPORTUGALQATARREUNIONROMANIARUSSIARWANDASAN MARINOSAO TOME E PRINCIPESARAWAKSAUDI ARABIASCOTLANDSENEGALSERBIASEYCHELLESSIERRA LEONESINGAPORESLOVAK REPUBLICSLOVENIASOLOMON ISLANDSSOMALIASOUTH AFRICASOUTH KOREASPAINSRI LANKAST CROIXST KITTSST LUCIAST MAARTENST MARTINST PIERREST VINCENTSUDANSURINAMESWAZILANDSWEDENSWITZERLANDSYRIATAHITITAIWANTAJIKISTANTANZANIATASMANIATHAILANDTIBETTOGOTONGATRINIDAD AND TOBAGOTUNISIATURKEYTURKMENISTANTURKS ISLANDTUVALUUGANDAUKRAINEUNITED ARAB EMIRATESURUGUAYUZBEKISTANVANUATUVATICAN CITYVENEZUELAVIETNAMWALESWALLIS ISLANDWESTERN SAHARAWESTERN SAMOAYEMENZAIREZAMBIAZIMBABWE By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.* Subscribe ABB Smart Grid Update ABB's Gary Rackliffe, Vice President Smart Grid, blogs a North American perspective on smart grid trends and technologies. » Read More   Advertisement Advertisement TDWorld.com Overhead Distribution Overhead Transmission Underground T&D Substations Smart Grid Business Smart Energy Consumer Renewables Site Features Media Center Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap View Mobile Site Penton Corporate About Us Advertise Terms of Service Privacy Policy Follow Us Twitter Facebook Linkedin Search TDWorld.com Search: PISCES Related Penton Sites EC&M Electrical Wholesaling Electrical Marketing TD Compare Lineman's Rodeo Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Teclast X98 Plus II 2-in-1 tablet review: Dual boot Windows and Android for work and play By Eileen Brown | August 8, 2016 -- 16:20 GMT (09:20 PDT) | Topic: Hardware Editors' rating 7.8 Very good Average user rating Not yet rated Pros Useful dual boot feature Quick change to Windows from Android Fast and responsive in each platform Cons Wi-Fi connectivity issues in Android UI No Outlook app in Windows 10 UI The Teclast X98 Plus II 2 in 1 tablet is a dual-boot tablet that promises flexibility and speed. It boots to both Microsoft Windows 10 and Android 5.1 Lollipop operating systems. It has 4GB RAM and 64GB ROM storage. It has a Quad core Intel Cherry Trail Z8300 64-bit 1.84GHz processor, an 9.7 inch IPS retina 2048 x 1536 display screen. There is a slot for TF cards up to 128GB, 2.0MP front and rear cameras and an HDMI output. There is also a Micro USB, a 3.5mm earphone jack and a 2.5mm DC port. It has an 8,000 Li-ion battery and weighs 580g, just over one pound. The dual boot screen gives ten seconds to choose which operating system to go to. Booting to the Android platform is instantaneous. However, whilst using the Android UI, I found connecting to Wi-Fi access points difficult from time to time. Top ZDNET Reviews Dell Latitude 11 5000 7.9 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Amazon Echo 9.0 Google Pixel XL Phone 8.0 I did not like the Android UI as much as the Onda tablet I reviewed last month. The Teclast UI did not seem as intuitive as the other tablet I trialled. All the features are there, they are just a little harder to find. There is an icon on the home screen to boot to Windows from within the Android UI. There are a few Chinese icons including Ifeng, and Phoenix News. Booting to Windows 10 invokes a full reboot of the device. The first time this happened I had to go through the entire Windows 10 build on the device - unlike the first boot to the Android UI. There is an app on the task bar called TODO which, when clicked, brings up a user account control dialog. According to Microsoft Translator the app is published by Guangzhou business information technology ltd. There is no further information about what the app does or why it is there. However scrolling through the complete app list shows a similar icon called Switch Now which invokes the same dialog box. This gives the user the option to switch to the Android OS. The Windows 10 OS has Excel Mobile, OneNote, PowerPoint Mobile, Sway, and Word Mobile. There are also Chinese apps such as Notes, Micro Tablet Assistant, Mango TV, and Favourites. A phone app interfaces with Skype for PC. I found myself using the Windows 10 for anything work related - but I found myself booting into Android more and more for my social apps. This tablet is the sort of tablet that could fulfil the needs of a family that had one device for both work and play. It is responsive, compact, and would be the only device that I would take away on holiday. I could still have access to all of my work documents through One Drive whilst travelling. I miss having an Outlook app on the device for the extra functionality that Outlook gives me. However the Mail app performed adequately enough. The Teclast surprised me. I expected to use only one operating system but I was delighted to have a choice of OS each time I booted up the system. This is a good performing tablet, at a reasonable price, with an added bonus of getting two operating systems for the price of one. This tablet is well worth it overall. Topics: Hardware, China, Reviews, Tablets Top ZDNET Reviews Lenovo ThinkPad 13 7.9 Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro (2016) 8 Gyration Air Mouse Voice Dell XPS 13 (2016) 8.5 Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. User Reviews Powered by Livefyre Add your Review Related Stories Laptops Lenovo ThinkPad 13 review: A tough and affordable ultraportable workhorse Laptops Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro (2016) review: Fast, light, innovative, and expensive Hardware Gyration Air Mouse Voice, First Take: Multi-function mouse gets voice-activated presentation effects Laptops Dell XPS 13 (2016) review: Powerful, light and well-made × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Checkpoint General: U.S. equipment captured by Islamic State was lost during gun battle The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Thomas Gibbons-Neff August 9 Follow @Tmgneff Special Operations forces on a mission in Afghanistan. (Photo U.S. Army released) Almost two weeks after several U.S. Special Operations troops were wounded fighting Islamic State militants in eastern Afghanistan, the militant group’s media arm has posted photos of American equipment, including weapons and a radio that, they say, were captured from U.S. soldiers fighting in the same region. In an emailed statement Tuesday, Brig. Gen. Charles Cleveland, the deputy chief of staff for the U.S.-led mission in Afghanistan, confirmed that equipment was lost during recent operations in the country’s restive Nangahar province. Cleveland said the equipment was lost when moving to what is called a “casualty collection point” from one area to another. A casualty collection point is often predesignated on the map prior to any mission. In this case, Cleveland said, the initial collection point came under “effective” fire, forcing the U.S. unit to move to a more covered position. “In the course of moving the [collection point] to a safe location, some equipment was left behind,” Cleveland said. “For understandable reasons, the lives of soldiers were not put at risk to recover the equipment prior to the scheduled exfiltration from the area at the already planned conclusion of the operation.” It is common when treating casualties in a combat zone that the patient’s gear and equipment is stripped off to ensure that there are no hidden injuries. This usually results in a plethora of equipment being scattered around the casualty and can sometimes be problematic to recover when under enemy fire. In this case, Cleveland declined to discuss specific injuries from the operation. [Five U.S. troops wounded in Afghanistan fighting Islamic State, top general says] Last month the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, Gen. John W. Nicholson, told reporters that five U.S. Special Operations soldiers were wounded alongside their Afghan counterparts during “clearing operations” against Islamic State militants in Nangahar. Over the course of a week, the soldiers received wounds from gunfire and shrapnel, he said. On Saturday, the Islamic State’s Amaq media agency posted pictures of the American equipment including the identification, or CAC card, of a U.S. soldier. Cleveland said the soldier had not been captured and is currently with his unit. #ISIS 'Amaq posted photos of documents and gear of #American soldiers allegedly taken by ISIS fighters in #Nangarhar pic.twitter.com/UDat7qOFvX — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) August 6, 2016 “The loss of equipment is regrettable, but no equipment is worth undue risk to those involved,” Cleveland said. “And we do not expect any measurable operational impact due to the loss.” The pictured equipment includes what appears to be a 66mm single-shot rocket launcher, 40mm grenades, medium machine gun ammunition, multiple rucksacks, including two smaller assault packs, a sandbag, a handheld radio, pin flares, knee pads, a body armor carrier, a kit bag, a spare machine gun barrel, multiple rifle magazines, notebooks, medical equipment and goggles. The U.S. military has been operating in eastern Afghanistan for years, and while some of the equipment could have been captured from a recent operation, it is also possible some of it might have been left behind or captured in the past and pulled into the picture for added propaganda value. [U.S. widens war in Afghanistan, authorizes new action against Taliban] The type of equipment, along with an additional list of gear that is also pictured in the cache, indicates that at least some of the radio batteries, ammunition and kit likely belonged to a Special Operations unit. The list, partially handwritten and featured in one of the photos, has what appears to be a breakdown of the serialized equipment carried by a U.S. soldier, although it is unclear if the equipment belongs to the soldier whose ID was also captured. The list includes a pair of nonstandard night vision goggles, a Mk. 48 medium machine gun and an FN SCAR, or Special Operations Forces Combat Assault Rifle. The SCAR is a futuristic rifle that is billed as a highly modifiable weapon and comes in a number of variants that can be used in both close-quarters combat and long-range engagements. The SCAR, while in use by a number of Special Operations units, is a favorite of the 75th Ranger Regiment, a unit that has operated in Nangahar for some time. Last year, two soldiers from the regiment’s 1st Battalion were awarded Silver Stars for their actions in the province in 2014. Also in the picture, and on the list of equipment, is a PRC-148 MBITR radio. The small black device is a favorite of ground troops and is often used for interteam communication and, when equipped with the right antenna, can be used to talk to overhead aircraft. Like most American radios, the PRC-148 allows for encrypted communication, and the presence of one in the Islamic State’s hands simply means U.S. forces in the region likely had to refill their radios with new encryption keys to prevent ISIS fighters from listening in. From the picture, the Islamic State appears not to have captured any rifles or night vision equipment. Although the assorted explosives will likely find their way into local bazaars or improvised explosive devices, the haul bolsters the group’s visibility more than adding any real operational capabilities. In January, President Obama granted additional authorities to U.S. troops in Afghanistan to target the Islamic State, along with the other terrorist groups the United States has systematically targeted in the country since 2001. When U.S. strikes began against Islamic State fighters, their numbers were estimated to be around 3,000 and they controlled a cluster of villages in Nangahar. In the past six months, that number has been halved, Nicholson recently told reporters, and the group’s offshoot in the country is steadily losing ground. This story was updated Tuesday with new reporting and comments from Brig. Gen. Charles Cleveland. Read more: U.S. troops are back in restive Afghan province, a year after withdrawal Obama outlines plan to keep 5,500 troops in Afghanistan These are the 11,000 soldiers who might save Afghanistan Today’s coverage from Post correspondents around the world world national-security checkpoint Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world national-security checkpoint Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Thomas Gibbons-Neff is a staff writer and a former Marine infantryman. Follow @Tmgneff Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Blue pills in Blue House: S. Korea leader explains Viagra 2 Qatari sisters in a Bentley tear-gassed and robbed in $5 million Paris jewelry heist 3 Nigel Farage: Trump is ‘a very loyal man’ 4 Obama grants 79 more commutations to federal inmates, pushing the total past 1,000 5 Trump’s comments on Clinton raise questions about Justice Department independence Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game world national-security checkpoint Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « Social Music App Eyegroove Shuts Down, Team Joins Facebook. Should Musical.ly, Dubsmash Be Worried? | Main | Kosha Dillz Hits 6 Billboard Charts - 100% Indie, 100% D.I.Y. » Blockchain Tech: A Solution For Music At Political Events? As inevitable controversy continues to erupt between artists and politicians regarding the use of music at political events, George Howard takes a closer look at exactly what rights these artists have, and how Blockchain Technology might be used prevent such tension in the future. _____________________________ Guest Post by George Howard on Forbes Every election cycle since Reagan’s 1984 campaign has included – to a greater or lesser degree – tension around the use of music by candidates during their events. In fact, while Reagan’s misguided use of “Born in the USA” was the first truly memorable and visible kerfuffle, it’s likely that, to paraphrase, Raymond Kurzweil, it’s not that the (mis)-usage of music is getting worse, but that our information with respect to reporting it has gotten better. In any case, here we are again, and nary a day goes by when there aren’t pleas/demands from artists for politicians to stop using their music, and the media seems to be more engaged than ever in reporting this phenomenon. Yours truly was even recently on NECN discussing Donald Trump’s use of music during the RNC, and – at only a slightly more visible level [wink] – John Oliver devoted a large portion of his weekly show to the subject, and even created a song – featuring artists like Josh Groban, Usher, Sheryl Crowe, and others – that articulated these artists’ frustrations around the issue (I’ve written about how problematic this song is in terms of the artists’ seeming misunderstanding of the rights issues, entitled, “Do Artists Like Usher And Josh Groban Really Not Know How They Make Their Money?“). With respect to whether or not politicians can use artists’ music: Briefly, if these artists are the songwriters and have affiliated with a Performance Rights Organization (PRO), like ASCAP, SESAC, or BMI, and the venues in which these events are taking place have purchased a blanket license to publicly perform the songs that are in the catalogs of these organizations, these candidates are within their rights to do so. With an increasing number of artists asserting that they have not authorized their music to be played at Donald Trump Campaign events, George Howard explains what rights these artists do or don’t have, and suggests a Blockchain Tech solution to avoid these types of issues.(Photo credit ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images)  While in most other countries creators of works can rely on “Moral Rights,” the United States does not recognize this concept. This concept of Moral Rights is succinctly summed up by Betsy Rosenblatt from Harvard Law School: …the ability of authors to control the eventual fate of their works. An author is said to have the “moral right” to control her work. The concept of moral rights thus relies on the connection between an author and her creation. Moral rights protect the personal and reputational, rather than purely monetary, value of a work to its creator. While authors in the US can conceivably rely on claims such as False Endorsement, to stop those who are using their works against their wishes, this approach is time-consuming and costly, and certainly victory is not guaranteed. Thus, there is currently no practical legal mechanism for artists to avail themselves of in order to stop the unwanted use of their work. The problem, however, is less a legal one, and more a systems problem. The reason, for instance, that Queen doesn’t just withdraw their music from the PRO with whom they are affiliated, and thereby force candidates and/or venues to directly license their work, is because this would also preclude them from collecting the massive amounts of money their songs generate via usages that one assumes they are OK with. Undoubtedly, the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, where the RNC Convention took place, has blanket licenses with the PROs in place. And, certainly at some point after the RNC Convention ended, some other event took place in this arena – perhaps a sporting event – during which songs like “We Are the Champions” and/or “We Will Rock You” were played (because one or both of those songs are always played at a sporting event), and the members of Queen who wrote those songs would eventually receive compensation for the public performance of those songs via a percentage of the blanket license fees collected and distributed by their PRO (this, of course, also means they will eventually receive payment for Trump’s usage). This issue – Queen and most other artists being stuck in a dynamic where they can not feasibly select where, when and how their music is publicly performed – highlights how we must aggressively move from a system of “modeling” to one of “measuring.” This “from modeling to measuring” phrase was coined by my brilliant friend, Kelly Olson from Intel INTC +1.13%, and it succinctly sums up the problem [disclosure, Intel is a client of my consulting firm]. Think of it this way: For decades (and for many still today), your electricity usage was “modeled.” That is, very occasionally, the energy company would send a representative out to take a meter reading, and, based on these periodic readings, the energy company would model (estimate) a bill for the other months when they didn’t (because it wasn’t technologically/economically practical to do so) take actual readings (i.e. measure). As technology advanced, of course, energy companies have been able to move from a modeling approach of approximation, to a measuring approach of knowing precisely how much energy you are using. Certainly, music being played at arenas – particularly pre-recorded music – could easily be measured, rather than still being modeled. For example, a Shazam-like listening device could be deployed to capture which songs are being played in real time. In this manner, artists would know precisely when and in what context their music is being used. This would not only allow for artists to have better information, but for venues too to be able to have a better sense of the precise cost related to their music use. In other words, currently venues must pay a blanket license fee that allows them to publicly perform anything in the PROs’ catalogs. Of course, they play only a fraction of the songs in the catalog, even though they’re paying for the right to play everything. But, if, instead, they could simply choose the precise songs they want to play, they could do a cost/benefit analysis, and pay for the songs they perceive as creating value, and not pay for the ones they don’t desire to use. The artists could add conditions – for example, they might refuse to allow to have their music publicly performed during political events – and, via this measuring approach, the artists would know if these explicit conditions had been violated, and be able to take legal action, and/or raise their prices to address these unwanted usages. Of course, there are issues with this approach. Dominantly, that while this modeling approach appears to be technologically feasible for recorded music at venues, this type of usage is only a fraction of the total usages – music in restaurants; small clubs; live music, generally, etc. – that require licenses. Certainly, blanket licenses (i.e. the modeling approach) was, and still may be, the most efficient way to address these types of usages. However, as technology continues to advance, the ability to measure rather than model will become more pervasive, and even music performed live in small clubs will be able to be accurately tracked. In this manner, actual free markets – rather than “markets” governed by Consent Decrees [see HERE and HERE] – could emerge. Would such a measuring model obviate the PROs? Perhaps. I suggested as much over a year ago in an article in this space entitled, “Bitcoin Can’t Save The Music Industry Because The Music Industry Will Resist Transparency.” But, perhaps not. The PROs – like any other firm – must innovate or die. Certainly, they could play the dominant role in leading this change, and, in so doing, secure their places going forward via adding value. With respect to specifics around howBlockchain Technology would come into play, there are several reasons why this techwould facilitate this measuring approach in a superior way to a simple database solution: First, the distributed nature of Blockchains would ensure that the data is immutable, and therefore difficult to be altered/co-opted. Second, the potential for a more transparent record of the usages would allow for both those using music and those whose music is being used to not only know with some degree of precision the types of usage, but – through this knowledge – to more efficiently price the usages and provide evidence in the case of disputes. Third, via the “smart contract” functionality related to Blockchain Tech, a set of rules and requirements could be created by both those who desire their music to be used, and those who desire to use music, and – when these requirements are met – transactions could occur in real time with more efficiency. Fourth, new value could be created around the use of music, in particular with respect to those currently left out of the equation: Performers. Currently, if a song is publicly performed, for instance in a venue, only the writer is compensated; the performer of the song is not (when Whitney Houston’s version of Dolly Parton’s composition “I Will Always Love You” is plated at a stadium, Dolly Parton is paid, Whitney Houston’s estate is not). Rightsholders could require – via contract – that both performers and writers be compensated. Fifth, dynamic pricing could emerge. As an example of going from modeling to measuring, think of how Uber dynamically raises their prices (the dreaded “surge pricing”) – via measuring – when demand exceeds supply, while the taxi industry dominantly uses a modeling approach, and does not dynamically alter their pricing. Music could do the same. We’re moving from a society that models to one that measures. We see data going from unstructured to structured in everything from wearable health to sleep to productivity; soon we’ll quantify virtually everything in our lives in order to optimize our usages. Music will – sooner or later – move to this measuring approach as well, and – at that point – musicians will have vastly more degrees of not only control of how/when their music is used, but also how to monetize these usages. Related articles The Value Of A Spin, Per Listener, To Songwriters On US Radio Was $0.0000955 Music Publishing News Roundup 1.17.15: Spirit Music, Universal, SESAC & More Muli-platinum-selling artist Josh Groban talks about bullying, the importance of arts education and how he developed his sense of humor Songwriter Equity Act Makes It's Way Back To Congress 5 Things Songwriters Need To Know About The Consent Decree Posted by Guest Post on 08/08/2016 in More News, Music Business, Music Tech | Permalink Comments Blockchain Tech: A Solution For Music At Political Events? As inevitable controversy continues to erupt between artists and politicians regarding the use of music at political events, George Howard takes a closer look at exactly what rights these artists have, and how Blockchain Technology might be used prevent such tension in the future. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • What Trump Presidency Means For Musicians • 10 FREE Tools For Kickstarting Your Music • 6 Big Music Tech Predictions From 20 Industry Tastemakers • 5 Tips To Help DJs Play More Of Your Music • Download Spotify Update Now To Save Your Hard Drive Recent Posts Facebook Discovers More Broken Metrics 7 Instagram/Snapchat Story Rules For Musicians CD Baby Acquires Show.co, Soundrop To Expand Artist Services, Pledges New Distribution Approach That Favors Constant Creation How Artists Can Get Their Music Played on Sirius XM, Local Radio How To Get 100K Plays On Soundcloud AM BRIEF: Vevo Works To Find Niche • Live Royalties Top $8B • A&R Power Player List • More Social Media Use Varies Widely By Age Group [INFOGRAPHIC] 5 Musicians Killing It On YouTube Facebook Music Test: Proof Fans Are Missing Updates From Their Favorite Artists How One Top Music, Entertainment Analyst Did Predicting 2016 Industry Trends Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here Recent Comments Jeffrey Rubin on Facebook Music Test: Proof Fans Are Missing Updates From Their Favorite Artists smith on How Streaming Is Changing The Sound Of Pop Music Jeffrey Rubin on Busting The Myth That Artists Don't Need Record Labels And Producers Sakis Gouzonis on Busting The Myth That Artists Don't Need Record Labels And Producers KO on Spotify Relaunches Artists Site As "How To" Guide, But Stops Sharing Per Stream Payment Rates Anne Leighton on 8 Ways To Get Back To Work Post Election [Kosha Dillz] seriousgeorge on 8 Ways To Get Back To Work Post Election [Kosha Dillz] Royal T. McUnderpaid on Streaming Music: Give It Away, Give It Away, Give It Away Now [Glenn Peoples Of Pandora] Jade Downes on 3 Ways The Internet Hates Your Band The Cat Daddy on Sonicbids To Shut Down ArtistData Next Month <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL">Quote for AAPL</a> SEARCH HYPEBOT More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it On Small Business Gene Marks: This software company says it can predict a bad employee The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Gene Marks August 8 Follow @genemarks Is one of your employees about to steal your data? It happens a lot – both to big companies and small.  According to a 2014 survey by the National Small Business Association, 44 percent of respondents had been victims of at least one cyberattack, with an average cost of$8,700.  Many of the attacks on small businesses come from the outside.  But, in some incidents, it’s the firm’s employees who are the culprits. A software firm called RedOwl Analytics is trying to do something about this growing problem, according to this report from Quartz.  The new service – introduced recently – is designed to track the behavior of all of the employees at a company with the goal of finding that one who is planning a data breach or possibly looking to steal intellectual property or other sensitive information. The report cites evidence studies by Oxford University and Intel that found more and more employees are increasingly attacking their companies and that internal employees were behind 43 percent of data breaches. Maybe that employee is working unusual hours. Or suddenly sending emails in different languages.  Or sending and receiving more external emails over internal ones than before. It’s all about their behavior – and what they’re doing that may trigger a red flag. “Think about yourself, probably pretty much every day looks the same,” says Brian White, the chief operating officer told Quartz. “You go to work around the same time, you’re sending a certain amount of emails. There are spikes and changes but often those are driven by deadlines or holiday. We’re looking for something outside the norm.” Sure, there are privacy concerns. But many companies I know already use software to monitor whether employees are visiting frivolous or unsavory sites. And yes, most of Red Owl’s customers are big companies – defense contractors and large financial services firms. But small businesses suffer these same problems and many clients I know would have great interest in this type of predictive analytics. Is it foolproof?  Can this software actually predict when an employee is going bad? I’d like to think it improves our chances. And as the technology grows in popularity it’s likely we’ll see more products like these packaged and priced for the small business market. business on-small-business on-small-business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Gene Marks owns the Marks Group, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa.-based consulting firm that helps clients with customer relationship management. Marks is an author and a certified public accountant, and he writes regularly for The Post’s On Small Business blog. For more about Marks, visit genemarks.com. Follow @genemarks Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Researchers have found a troubling new cause of death for middle-aged white Americans 2 India just made a big mistake with its currency ban 3 Donald Trump lost most of the American economy in this election 4 The worst-case scenario for the economy under Trump just happened in another country 5 Judge halts federal rule that would have expanded overtime pay to millions of workers Market Watch DJIA 0.23% NASDAQ -0.31% Get quote Last Update: 3:13 PM 11/23/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business on-small-business on-small-business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Global Personal Domestic Service Robotics Sales Market Trends 2021 By Acute Market Reports Global Personal Domestic Service Robotics Sales Market Trends 2021 By Acute Market Reports By poonam   /   Monday, 08 Aug 2016 07:16AM   /   Comments Off on Global Personal Domestic Service Robotics Sales Market Trends 2021 By Acute Market Reports   /   182 views share This report studies sales (consumption) of Personal Domestic Service Robotics in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering iRobot LG Electronics Samsung Electronics Browse full report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/personal-domestic-service-robotics-sales-market                            Yujin Robot Bosch und Siemens Hausgerate ECOVACS Future Robot GeckoSystems Hanool Robotics Hayward Industries Hoover Intel Jibo Mamirobot Matsutek Maytronics Miele Neato Robotics Inc. Pentair Robopolis Softbank Sony Toshiba Wany Robot WowWee Zodiac View all reports of this category @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/equipment-market Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Personal Domestic Service Robotics in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Blog URL – http://www.deepresearchreport.com/ Household Robots (home cleaning, pool cleaning, lawn mowing, and personal assistance) Entertainment Robots (robot pets, education, and multimedia) Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Personal Domestic Service Robotics in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 About Acute Market Reports Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. Acute Market Reports provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade Acute Market Reports collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Acute Market Reports database consists of 200,000+ market research reports with detailed & minute market research. Contact: Chris Paul Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Phone (India): +91 7755981103 Toll Free (US/Canada):  +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com For More Information Click Here – Acute Market Reports Share this: Share on Tumblr Israel Clarinets Sales Market Trends, Outlook, Forecasts Report 2021 By Acute Market Reports < Previous Global Ultraviolet(UV) Spectrophotometer Sales Market Growth, Research Report 2021 By Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence Research Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022 Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence ResearchNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence Research Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022Nov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022 Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Book Covers Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Book Covers Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Folders Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Folders Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Business Forms Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Business Forms Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Pigments for Colouring Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Pigments for Colouring Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Coagulation Self Testing Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Coagulation Self Testing Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Powdered Glass Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Powdered Glass Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
  Sapphire Nitro Radeon RX 460 OC MSRP $109.99 As low as $43.48 at Shopping.com Buy now   DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Sapphire Nitro Radeon RX 460 OC review DT Recommended Product AMD's Radeon RX 460 is the only video card a casual gamer needs. AMD's Radeon RX 460 is the only video card a casual gamer needs. AMD's Radeon RX 460 is the only video card a casual gamer needs. Highs As feature-packed as more expensive Radeons Fast enough for 1080p in many games Compact size Lows Performance has limits, even at 1080p DT Editors' Rating 8.0 DT Recommended Product Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Video Card Reviews > Sapphire Nitro Radeon RX 460 OC review By Brad Bourque Posted on 08.08.16 (updated on 08.09.16) Research Center: Sapphire Nitro Radeon RX 460 OC At the PC Gaming Show in 2015, AMD rolled out the high-end Fury cards. Meant to compete with Nvidia’s 980 Ti, the card came up short. This time around, AMD is refocusing the Radeon line on a market the red team has won over before – builders on a budget. The top-end RX 480 starts at just $200, and is well equipped for VR and 1440p gaming. The RX 470 starts at $179 and more than holds its own at 1080p. The RX 460, meanwhile, is marketed for “eSports gaming.” That’s may seem vague, but it’s a clear reference to titles like League of Legends and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. These games prioritize high framerates over brilliant graphics. Related: Sapphire Radeon RX 470 OC review In any case, the wallet-friendly RX 460 is pushing the bottom end for modern GPUs. At just $109, the RX 460 is about as inexpensive as video cards get before they lose any gaming credibility. Our Sapphire model, with an extremely modest overclock and 4GB of memory, retails at $139. Is this new card a legitimate choice for players lacking cash, or does is deliver too little even for its bottom-dollar pricing? A numbers game AMD’s new platform, Polaris, marks Radeon’s move to a smaller 14-nanometer manufacturing process, as well as the switch from flat transistors to FinFET 3D transistors. We’ll spare you the nitty-gritty, except to note the standout features are greatly improved power efficiency, which results in a 75-watt thermal design power, asynchronous compute support, and a high level of compatibility with both DirectX 12 and Vulkan games. If you’re interested in learning more about Polaris, our Radeon RX 480 review and introduction to the platform are a great place to start. The RX 460’s particular flavor of the Polaris architecture sports 896 Stream Processors clocked at a 1,090MHz base clock, with a Boost Clock of up to 1,200MHz when thermals and power allows. Users will have a choice of either 2GB or 4GB of 128-bit GDDR5 memory, for a total of 112GBps of memory bandwidth. Related: AMD Radeon RX 480 video card review Our review unit was a 4GB Sapphire Nitro with a slight overclock to 1,175MHz base and 1,250MHz boost. Despite the technically low-enough thermal design power, it also sports a six-pin PCIe power connection. Technically, the RX 460 can run without an external PCI power connection. That’s great for gamers who have an extremely basic rig, and can’t afford to upgrade the power supply. The RX 470 and 480 boast at least 2,000 Stream Processors each, and 200 GBps of memory bandwidth, or higher. The RX 460 basically sits at less than half, although its clock speed is higher than the RX 470. On paper, then, its performance looks a lot different than its more expensive cousins. Its feature set, however, matches the higher-end cards. That means EyeFinity, FreeSync, Crossfire, and DirectX 12. Performance We tested the Radeon RX 460 in our X99 test system. With an Intel Core i7-6950X, 8GB of RAM, and an Intel 750 Series SSD, our rig is clearly much more powerful than you’d usually expect to see alongside this budget GPU. The upshot to this is that the card will be able to hit its full potential without the CPU bottlenecking it. So, how does it perform? The RX 460 average about 46 percent of the RX 480’s performance in the synthetic 3DMark test. That score means it trades blows with the previous generation’s Radeon R7 370, a 2GB card that sits right around $140. That isn’t the most impressive score ever, but it certainly beats out integrated graphics options several times over. It’s also essentially tied with the GTX 960 in the Alienware Alpha R2, which is likely a underclocked version of the GPU, given the Alpha’s small size and power limitations. Sapphire Nitro Radeon RX 460 OC Compared To Zotac GeForce GTX 1050 Mini ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1060 AMP! Edition AMD Radeon RX 480 AMD Radeon R9 380X NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 Nvidia GeForce GTX Titan X Nvidia GeForce GTX 960 Nvidia GeForce GTX 980 AMD Radeon R9 295X2 NVIDIA DualTV MCE ATI All-In-Wonder X1900 MSI RX800 XT ATI Radeon 9800 XT 256MB ATI All-In-Wonder Radeon 9800 Pro Matrox Parhelia 128mb We typically consider 60 frames per second to be the goal for most gaming machines, and the RX 460 certainly falls short of that in modern, demanding games, at least with the graphics turned up. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive runs quite well, though, and that’s certainly an eSports-focused game, even if it is a little on the old side. On the other hand, the RX 460 performs much more admirably with the settings turned down a bit. It averages 62 FPS in Fallout 4, and 123 FPS in Battlefield 4, at medium settings. Most users don’t have the luxury of being able to crank the settings up in every game, and neither will RX 460 owners – but this video card can indeed play modern titles at respectable framerates. Without hitting optimum performance at 1080p, it’s not worth covering all of the 1440p results. There were a few standouts, however, including 31 FPS average in Fallout 4 at Ultra detail. If you’re comparing console performance to gaming PC performance, even the modest RX 460 beats out the PS4 and Xbox One handily. Those systems usually render at 900p or 1080p resolution and just manage 30 FPS, with some drops in more demanding areas. Warranty Warranty terms will vary depending on the company that makes the RX 460 you choose to buy. Most have a one-year warranty against manufacturer defects. Warranty terms regarding overclocking and third-party coolers can differ significantly from one company to the next, so check that information if you plan to push your RX 460 to the limit. Welcome to the family In our tests, the AMD Radeon RX 460 generally came in just a bit short of the Radeon R7 370. That may sound disappointing, given the R7 370 was already the star of AMD’s previous budget line – but the R7 370 is currently priced from $130 to $160. The RX 460, at $109, is significantly more affordable. It should be noted, of course, that the RX 460 we reviewed is $140. We don’t think you should buy this particular Sapphire model. The extra video memory is unnecessary and contributes almost nothing to the performance. If you do have $140 to spend, it’s clear the R7 370 with 2GB of memory is where you should head. Even the modest RX 460 beats out the PS4 and Xbox One. There’s a definite spot for an ultra-budget card in the marketplace. If you’re looking to build a home system for less than $500, but you want to play the occasional round of Rocket League or Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, the RX 460 will likely be your only option. Its small size and low power requirements are a boon for prebuilt and cobbled-together systems, as well. Surprisingly, the RX 460 is a reasonable card for 1080p, if you’re willing to accept some restrictions. It can’t play the latest games at the highest detail while maintaining 60 FPS, but it can score above that goal at medium detail in popular games like Fallout 4 and Battlefield 4. Every PC gamer yearns for the best hardware, but if you can’t afford it, you might be surprised by what the RX 460 can do. The DT Accessory Pack Logitech MX Master wireless mouse $70 Das Keyboard 4 Ultimate Clicky MX Blue mechanical keyboard $166 Steam Controller $50 We also think the RX 460’s purpose is a lot clearer than the Radeon RX 470. That card is too close to the RX 480 to really define itself, but the RX 460 fits right into small machines, and with some models ditching external PCIe power, it can fit places other video cards can’t. The RX 460 is the first budget card worth excitement since Nvidia’s 750 Ti, and there’s no shame in that. In fact, it’s exactly what we were hoping to see.
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop Hardware PC News 7 MSI teases salvo of VR Ready gaming laptops by Mark Tyson on 8 August 2016, 13:01 Tags: MSI Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac5gq Add to My Vault: MSI is teasing a wide range of new gaming laptops to be launched later this month. All the new laptops have something in common; they are all VR Ready, as MSI declares itself the leader in this field. MSI gaming models such as the GT, GS, GE, and GP series will benefit from new components, improved performance, and the latest cooling design. Specific details are thin on the ground, and what we are told is in a rather unstructured press-release, but the list of new models is as follows: GT83VR, GT73VR, GT72VR, GT62VR, GT72VR, GT62VR GS73VR, GS63VR GE72VR, GE62VR GP62MVR While you might hope to hear tech specifics like what CPUs and GPUs the new VR-Ready range of laptops come equipped with, those details haven't been outlined as yet. We are told that some of the laptops come with Intel's Core i7 6820HK CPU but nothing is said about the GPUs – perhaps that information will come following a launch of new Nvidia GeForce mobile GPUs. The powerful MSI GT72VR / GT62VR Dominator series get new cooling designs using 'Cooler Boost 4', new Whirlwind fans and up to 12 heatpipes. MSI's lower tier models, the GE72VR and GE62VR Apache also benefit from 'Cooler Boost 4' with a 5~10 per cent lower CPU temperature under heavy loads. Users can instigate the Cooler Boost via a dedicated quick activation button. Touching upon visuals, MSI says it has kitted out the GT72VR Dominator with a 120Hz/5ms panel, "the fastest mobile display". This display offers 'True Colour Technology', near 100 per cent sRGB ready. If you opt for the 4K IPS version it reaches 100 per cent AdobeRGB. Many models are said to offer upgraded audio experiences. Sound by Dynaudio speakers are built-in to GT83VR / GT73VR Titan laptops as is Nahimic 2 and Audio Boost 2 technology. GE72VR and GE62VR Apache laptops feature better audio quality from Nahimic 2 and Audio boost AMP. The slim and light (for gaming) MSI GS63 Stealth Pro features ESS SABRE HiFi Audio and Nahimic 2 Audio Enhancer. Other notable improvements to the VR range come from upgraded keyboards present in both the Stealth and Apache models mentioned above. It looks like we will have to wait for the specific details and highlights of the above laptops. I'd guess we will hear more about MSI's VR Ready range at Gamescom, Cologne which is held between 17th and 21st August. In other MSI news, the firm is expected to ship a total of four million graphics cards this year. That's about 15 per cent better than last year. Related Reading 18 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop GX700 upgrade includes a pair of GeForce GTX 1080s and a Core i7-6820HK processor. 6 Medion Akoya S3409 Ultrabook Ultrabook doesn't have to mean exorbitant pricing. 6 EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop The enthusiast laptop makes the transition from GTX 980M to GTX 1070. Razer Blade Stealth Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti for laptops specs, benchmarks leak MSI releases low profile GeForce GTX 1050, 1050 Ti graphics cards MSI Trident claimed to be "world's smallest VR Ready gaming PC" MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 HEXUS Forums :: 7 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by aidanjt - Mon 08 Aug 2016 13:13 While you might hope to hear tech specifics like what CPUs and GPUs the new VR-Ready range of laptops come equipped with, those details haven't been outlined as yet. We are told that some of the laptops come with Intel's Core i7 6820HK CPU but nothing is said about the GPUsWell that's rather pointless, it's impossible to gauge the VR-worthiness of a machine without a GPU specification. You may as well announce an amazing fast super fuel efficient car with zero details of the engine. Posted by The Hand - Mon 08 Aug 2016 13:42 Judging by the size of the vents, there's going to be something pretty powerful in there. The one on the right looks like it could be a jet fighter or hover board.. Posted by scaryjim - Mon 08 Aug 2016 13:43 … perhaps that information will come following a launch of new Nvidia GeForce mobile GPUs. … Trying to tell us something, hexus? ;) Posted by edzieba - Tue 09 Aug 2016 13:11 Well, from the minimum VR specs we can infer some things: - The GPUs are either the ‘desktop’ GTX 980 MXM modules, or a 1070m or 1080m. Possibly a 1060m if it maintains the performance of the desktop 1060 (i.e. bucks the trend of previous xxxm variants) - No Optimus, display output connected directly to the GPU rather than via the PCH. Posted by Sunderas - Wed 10 Aug 2016 08:54 aidanjt While you might hope to hear tech specifics like what CPUs and GPUs the new VR-Ready range of laptops come equipped with, those details haven't been outlined as yet. We are told that some of the laptops come with Intel's Core i7 6820HK CPU but nothing is said about the GPUsWell that's rather pointless, it's impossible to gauge the VR-worthiness of a machine without a GPU specification. You may as well announce an amazing fast super fuel efficient car with zero details of the engine.Welcome to Tesla when it launched the model 3. SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 27 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Intel's 9th gen Coffee Lake chips to make 6-core mainstream 12 4 Nvidia releases GeForce Game Ready 375.86 WHQL drivers 7 5 Corsair Crystal Series 570X RGB 10 1 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 27 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Scan Computers launches new website 19 4 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 18 5 Intel's 9th gen Coffee Lake chips to make 6-core mainstream 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Strax: Strategic acquisitions and Vodafone partnership 2 Introducing FS3017, Synology’s First All-Flash NAS 3 NVIDIA SHIELD: Black Friday hits early with over 60 games on sale 4 FSP Unveils New Twins Series Redundant PSU For Consumers 5 Vertagear Launch Triigger Line Gaming Chair 6 Transcend Presents DDR4 Industrial-Grade Wide Temperature Memory Modules INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,224 Forum posts: 2,559,540 Forum threads: 246,696 Currently active users: 682 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States UBS Dividend Ruler Stocks Continue to Crush S&P 500: 4 Yield Leaders to Buy By Lee Jackson August 8, 2016 8:20 am EST Print Email Tweet It’s no surprise to longtime investors that total return is a key for success now, as the markets print all-time highs and yields are at all-time lows. We like to remind readers about the impact total return has on portfolios because it is one of the best ways to help improve the chances for overall investing success. Total return is the combined increase in a stock’s value plus dividends. For instance, if you buy a stock at $20 that pays a 3% dividend, and it goes up to $22 in a year, your total return is 13% — 10% for the increase in stock price and 3% for the dividends paid. The UBS Dividend Ruler portfolio continue to outperform the overall market, and we continue to think that the outperformance will stay in place for the rest of the year and beyond. The analysts focus on stocks with solid dividends that have consistently grown over time, and their performance this year is outstanding. Through the first seven months of 2016 the portfolio is up 10.4% on a total return basis, versus 8.2% for the S&P 500. We screened the holdings for the current highest yielding stocks and found four that still make good sense for the last half of 2016. All are also rated Buy at UBS. Coca-Cola This company remains a top Warren Buffet holding and offers not only safety, but an incredible strong worldwide brand. Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) is the world’s largest beverage company, refreshing consumers with more than 500 sparkling and still brands. Led by Coca-Cola, its portfolio features 20 billion-dollar brands, including Diet Coke, Fanta, Sprite, Coca-Cola Zero, vitaminwater, Powerade and Minute Maid. Globally, it is the top provider of sparkling beverages, ready-to-drink coffees and juices and juice drinks. Through the world’s largest beverage distribution system, consumers in more than 200 countries enjoy its beverages at a rate of more than 1.9 billion servings a day. Despite reporting second-quarter earnings that came in above some estimates, slower growth and flat volumes brought out the sellers and they tagged the stock big time. It is important to remember though that the company own 31.5% of Monster Beverage, which continues to deliver big numbers. Coca-Cola investors receive a 3.22% dividend. The UBS price target for the stock is $50, while the Wall Street consensus target is $47.88. The stock closed Friday at $43.48. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. The company also provides communication and connectivity offerings, such as baseband processors, radio frequency transceivers and power management integrated circuits, and tablet, phone and Internet of Things solutions, which include multimode 4G LTE modems, Bluetooth technology and GPS receivers, software solutions and interoperability tests, as well as home gateway and set-top box components. Intel reported an inline first quarter, but data center sales came in way below expectations for the tech giant. UBS said this in a recent research report: Pages: 1/2 « Why Allergan Earnings Aren’t Telling the Whole Story Toyota Offers 0% Financing for 72 Months to Dump 2016 Corolla » Read more: Investing, Dividends and Buybacks, featured, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), United Technologies Corp (NYSE:UTX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Dangerous Cities in America The Safest Cities in America The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Recent States With the Most (and Least) Student Debt The Most Famous Macy’s Thanksgiving Parade Balloons and Who Owns Them Natural Gas Price Up 2% After Storage Report Crude Oil Price Creeps Up on Inventory Decline, Gasoline Build Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Moat at Veeva Systems Inc. Continues to Widen MACOM to Acquire Applied Micro, Spin Off X-Gene ARM Server Efforts Why Juno Therapeutics Inc Plummeted Today Eli Lilly's stock plunge shaving off about $8.4 bln in market cap Eli Lilly's stock tumbles 10%, heads toward biggest one-day drop since Oct. 9, 2008 Bed Bath & Beyond expects deal to slightly boost FY16 earnings Here's Why Japan Could Become The Next Gambling Hotspot 5 Top-Ranked Sector ETFs Thankful to Trump Retail ETF Deals You Should Not Miss on Black Friday A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively U.S. Regulator to Raise Mortgages Limits for Fannie, Freddie EU regulator conditionally approves Abbott's purchase of St Jude Why Biogen Shareholders Lost $3 Billion Today The World's Tallest Water Slide Is Being Demolished After Boy's Tragic Death Top Democrats Press GAO To Investigate 'Chaotic' Trump Transition This Holiday Season Expect To See Humanity In Action Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null

TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Tech & Work Can these tech tools fight gender bias and increase workplace diversity? New software programs aim to do what unconscious bias training has not yet accomplished: Create blind hiring processes and diversify tech workplaces. By Alison DeNisco | August 8, 2016, 4:00 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: iStock/Leo Wolfert Last month, Qualcomm Incorporated agreed to pay $19.5 million to settle a gender discrimination class action suit—the latest high-profile case to hit headlines and make tech companies reevaluate their own hiring and retention practices. More about Innovation Our autonomous future: How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust Google Fiber pivots: What it means for the future of gigabit internet IBM Watson's latest gig: Improving cancer treatment with genomic sequencing Subscribe to TechRepublic's Next Big Thing newsletter. As tech giants release employee statistics and draw criticism against their overwhelmingly white male ranks, a number of startups launched in recent years aim to offer more blind hiring practices and increase numbers of women and minorities at companies. These span from job posting tools like Textio, which analyzes job postings for gender bias, to Ellen Pao's Project Include, which focuses on managing talent once it's in-house. Several studies demonstrate the benefits of diverse workforces, including increased financial returns. Yet, the percentage of women among US tech workers has steadily declined over the past two decades. Women held 25% of professional computing occupations in 2015, according to the National Center for Women & Information Technology—down from an all-time high of 36% in 1991. SEE: Women in tech: 20 stories of women doing big things with their tech skills As a fix, industry leaders such as Apple, Intel, Google, and others spent millions of dollars in recent years on diversity initiatives and unconscious bias training. But, several studies show that this training usually does not increase workplace diversity. Even worse, another study found that raising awareness of bias can actually strengthen it. "In tech companies, things are not getting better nearly as fast as they should," said Laura Mather, founder and CEO of Unitive, software created to remove unconscious bias in the hiring process. "Silicon Valley claims to be a data-driven society. But we look at the data and see not much has changed, yet continue with the same behavior, thinking that if we keep training people it will go away." Read on for some of the tech tools that may help your company diversify its pool of candidates and select the person who is truly best for the job. Helping hiring managers Programs such as Unitive aid hiring managers in constructing a job post, reviewing resumes, and performing structured, quantifiable interviews. Unitive launched in 2015, and hundreds of companies now use it, said Mather. A lack of diversity means missing out on products that could benefit more than half the population, Mather said. "The companies who get to it first are going to win on multiple dimensions—hiring better people, getting better market share, and beating competitors," she added. "The companies who wake up to what is happening and create change will have a huge competitive advantage." Lever, an applicant tracking company, highlighted the work of customer KeepSafe on a "no resume campaign," in which they asked job candidates to describe projects they worked on without naming the companies they worked for. "It opened their eyes to a whole slate of candidates who probably wouldn't have made it through a resume screen because they hadn't worked for flashy brands," said Leela Srinivasan, CMO of Lever. "At the end of the day, an interviewer should be diving into someone's experiences, and understanding what the candidate has accomplished and how they could bring value to their organization." SEE: How venture capital must change: Gender equality as a business opportunity Retaining women Gender bias often creeps into not only hiring practices, but employee performance reviews, with women less likely to be marked as having leadership potential, said Gabby Burlacu, human capital management researcher at SAP SuccessFactors, a program that aims to objectively assess employee potential and identify, develop, and retain talent. SuccessFactors offers a Calibration tool designed to help managers with performance management. In the coming months, a new version will alert managers to gender bias issues. For example, if all of the employees designated "high potential" are males, or if a woman who went on maternity leave was demoted. Measuring the problem is only the start, Burlacu said. "None of these product features by themselves are going to solve everything," she added. "You need to keep coming back to the numbers as you create programs and drive change." Equity for freelancers In response to the federal government's Hack the Pay Gap effort, Accenture developed a prototype to address gender pay issues among freelance workers—a growing problem, since over 40% of the US workforce will be part of the freelance labor market by 2020, according to a study by financial services company Intuit. "In freelance labor markets, people are negotiating their pay on a daily or weekly basis," said Mary Hamilton, managing director of the Accenture Lab in Silicon Valley. "If women undervalue themselves, they will be consistently growing the pay gap." The program examines the language of job posts to determine gender equity. For example, the team learned that women will often self-select out of jobs if a posting has a long list of job requirements. "A woman will typically look at that and say, 'I don't have all those qualifications, I won't apply,'" Hamilton said. "But a man will look at it and say 'I have a few of those, I will apply.'" Gender bias also sneaks into the freelance hiring process during the vetting process, when certain candidates are selected and given a sample task. The Accenture prototype asks all candidates applying to complete the same set of exercises to show their abilities. A dashboard shows companies where in the hiring process they are losing diverse candidates—be it the job posting, the vetting stage, or the interview stage. Additionally, a list of relevant comparable salary and hourly wage data will help both candidates and job posters to negotiate more consistently and fairly. Going beyond software Some researchers remain skeptical of the ability of software and algorithms to truly lead to change. "While employers might see these algorithms as efficient and fair, they also have to be cognizant about how the algorithms are being programmed, and vigilant that the programming doesn't continue the discriminatory practices," said law professor and sociologist Ifeoma Ajunwa. And, humans ultimately end up deciding what factors to weigh and who gets the job, she added. Ultimately, companies must use these tools as part of a larger diversity plan to lead to stronger products and profits. "Beyond hiring algorithms, a workplace diversity effort needs to look at the pipeline," Ajunwa said. "By the time you get to the people who are actually applying, the pool has already been significantly narrowed because of issues of access to education needed for that kind of job." Diversity efforts from corporations should start at the high school and college level, encouraging women and minorities to take the steps that would make them competitive at the hiring stage later, Ajunwa added. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Women working in professional computing dropped to 25% in 2015. Several startups that launched in the past few years hope to get more women hired in the field using algorithms to diversify candidate pools. These companies offer service that analyze job posts, interview methods, salary offers and performance management systems for gender bias. Though these tools may be part of a solution to increase diversity, tech managers must also examine factors such as how the algorithms work and talent pipeline issues in order to draw the best candidates from all backgrounds. Keep up to date on hiring best practices: Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic News Update newsletter. Subscribe Also see Why fixing tech's gender and racial gaps is more crucial than ever (TechRepublic) Women in tech: Mind the gender gap (ZDNet) Diversity stats: 10 tech companies that have come clean (TechRepublic) Facebook and YouTube execs are among the world's most powerful women, says Forbes (ZDNet) Women in tech: Under-represented and paid less (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Alison DeNisco Alison DeNisco is a Staff Writer for TechRepublic. She covers CXO and the convergence of tech and the workplace. Full Bio Contact See all of Alison's content AlisonDeNisco × Full Bio Alison DeNisco is a Staff Writer for TechRepublic. She covers CXO and the convergence of tech and the workplace. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Equipment reassignment policy IT help desk support SLA Job description: MongoDB administrator Interview questions: MongoDB administrator Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet

Demonetisation News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Leisure Last Modified: Mon, Aug 08 2016. 04 21 PM IST Best gadget deals from Amazon India’s latest shopping festival In case you are planning on splurging on a new laptop, smartphone or TV, these are some deals to consider Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Abhijit Ahaskar Price cuts and discounts are on offer more often than not, apart from the ‘shopping festivals’ that happen from time to time. Online stores are an immense hit with shoppers, simply because of the constant price war between retail giants. This means price cuts and discounts are on offer more often than not, apart from the “shopping festivals” that happen from time to time. The latest is Amazon India’s Great Indian Sale, from 8-10 August. If you are looking to splurge on gadgets, here are some good deals. Xiaomi Mi 5 Rs.22,999 (earlier Rs.24,999) Xiaomi’s mid-range smartphone, the Mi 5 has all the ingredients of a flagship killer. The phone is powered by the 1.8GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor with 3GB RAM. It is a smooth performer, runs Android Marshmallow with MIUI over it and offers 32GB of storage. The 16-megapixel camera works best in daylight and the 5.2-inch display with its 1902x080p display is good enough for reading and watching movies. And above all it looks very similar to Samsung’s flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S7. Read more: Review: Xiaomi Mi 5 can be the genuine flagship killer OnePlus 2 Rs.20,999 (earlier Rs.22,999) OnePlus 3 offers a lot more over its predecessor the OnePlus 2, but if you are looking for something in the vicinity of Rs.20,000, the OnePlus 2 is one of the better bets. Powered by a formidable Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 quad-core processor, paired with 4GB RAM, the phone runs Android 5.1 with a clutter-free interface of the Oxygen OS. It offers 64GB of storage which is impressive and is still a rarity at the price point. The phone offers 5.5-inch display with resolution of 1920x1080p and a layer of scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass 3. Read more: Review: OnePlus 2 and Vivo X5Pro Apple Macbook Air 13 Rs.81,473 (earlier Rs.96,900) Apple Macbook Air 13 with 256 GB storage is one of the most well-endowed ultra-thin notebook you can buy right now. The aluminium exterior boosts its durability, while the sleek form (it measures 17mm with the lid down) helps keep its weight in check (1.3kg). It offers 256 GB of SSD which means your device will not just boot up and work faster, but also has enough storage of its own. The 13-inch display with 1440x900p resolution is big enough for work as well as watching movies. The Macbook Air 13 is driven by Intel’s 6th Gen Core i5 processor with 8GB RAM and Intel series 600 graphics. Tewee 2 Rs.1,499 (earlier Rs.2,399) This is a unique media streaming device which allows users to stream content from their smartphone, laptop or tablets straight on their TV screen. The fact that it can be used with Windows- or Linux-based laptops and Android smartphone makes it more applicable than the Google Chromecast. It runs on 1.6GHz dual core processor with 1GB RAM and a quad-core GPU which can handle up to 1920x1080p of video playback with ease. It’s light and compact (209g), and connects to any TV screen with an HDMI port. InFocus II-50EA800 Rs.29,990 (earlier Rs.34,800) For a newcomer in the TV segment, InFocus’ 50-inch LED TV is an impressive option for users looking for a good big screen TV at a budget price. The 50-inch display packs in a 1920x1080p resolution and uses Direct ELD panel which delivers better sharpness and detailing. The wide viewing angles and black levels are pretty good too, while the audio quality is good enough for watching movies or gaming. It has only two HDMI ports which is a bit of a letdown. Even before the discount, it is a pretty good deal, and the discount makes it even better. Read more: Review: InFocus II-50EA800 GoPro Hero 4 8MP Rs.22,650 (earlier Rs.29,990) If you are into hiking and travelling and don’t wish to miss out on any of your adventures, you can consider GoPro’s Hero 4. This 8-megapixel camera is lighter (127g) and more compact than other Hero 4 series cameras. It can record full HD videos which you can save on the microSD card up to 64GB. The rugged design and up to 10 metres of water-proofing makes it more durable than a regular point-and-shoot or smartphone camera. It comes with built-in chargeable battery which can record for up to 2 hours in one go. You can wear it on your head with a GoPro Head strap which cost about Rs.2,000. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Amazon IndiaGadget dealsAmazon’s shopping festivalAppleXiaomi Mi 5 More from this Section Why vice-captaincy matters in cricket Formula One: It is Nico Rosberg’s title to lose Fan force with del Potro as Argentina seek maiden Davis Cup success The comfort of memory, through tea and natural dyes Lounge review: DEL, New Delhi Editor's Picks New income tax rules to curb unaccounted cash The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth Reliance Jio fails to hit subscriber base of Airtel, Idea, Vodafone: analysts Tracking demonetisation: Our reading list India may gain from Donald Trump’s TPP pullout threat First Published: Mon, Aug 08 2016. 02 30 PM IST Latest News NITI Aayog calls for targeted power subsidy, privatization of all discoms Maximum e-wallet transactions in 25-35 age group: data Globalization is alive and well Editor's Picks New income tax rules to curb unaccounted cash The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth Reliance Jio fails to hit subscriber base of Airtel, Idea, Vodafone: analysts Latest News NITI Aayog calls for targeted power subsidy, privatization of all discoms Maximum e-wallet transactions in 25-35 age group: data Globalization is alive and well Rupee volatility Final norms for insolvency professionals Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Global Gesture Recognition for Portable PC Market Trends, Outlook, Growth 2021 by Acute Market Reports Global Gesture Recognition for Portable PC Market Trends, Outlook, Growth 2021 by Acute Market Reports By poonam   /   Monday, 08 Aug 2016 02:42AM   /   Comments Off on Global Gesture Recognition for Portable PC Market Trends, Outlook, Growth 2021 by Acute Market Reports   /   142 views share Notes: Production, means the output of Gesture Recognition for Portable PC Revenue, means the sales value of Gesture Recognition for Portable PC This report studies Gesture Recognition for Portable PC in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Browse full report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/global-gesture-recognition-for-portable-pc-market                        EyeSight Technologies Intel PointGrab SoftKinetic Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Gesture Recognition for Portable PC in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America China Europe Japan Taiwan Korea View all reports of this category @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/semiconductors-market Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Gesture Recognition for Portable PC in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Blog URL – http://www.deepresearchreport.com/ About Acute Market Reports Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. Acute Market Reports provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade Acute Market Reports collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Acute Market Reports database consists of 200,000+ market research reports with detailed & minute market research. Contact: Chris Paul Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Phone (India): +91 7755981103 Toll Free (US/Canada):  +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com For More Information Click Here – Acute Market Reports Share this: Share on Tumblr Healthcare Mobility Solutions Market – Global Industry Size, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast To 2022 : Brisk Insights < Previous Global Gesture Recognition for Desktop Market Growth, Research Report 2021 by Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence Research Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022 Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence ResearchNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence Research Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022Nov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022 Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Book Covers Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Book Covers Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Folders Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Folders Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Business Forms Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Business Forms Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Pigments for Colouring Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Pigments for Colouring Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Coagulation Self Testing Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Coagulation Self Testing Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Powdered Glass Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Powdered Glass Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Global Gesture Recognition for Desktop Market Growth, Research Report 2021 by Acute Market Reports Global Gesture Recognition for Desktop Market Growth, Research Report 2021 by Acute Market Reports By poonam   /   Monday, 08 Aug 2016 02:42AM   /   Comments Off on Global Gesture Recognition for Desktop Market Growth, Research Report 2021 by Acute Market Reports   /   149 views share Notes: Production, means the output of Gesture Recognition for Desktop Revenue, means the sales value of Gesture Recognition for Desktop This report studies Gesture Recognition for Desktop in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering EyeSight Technologies Browse full report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/global-gesture-recognition-for-desktop-market                        Intel PointGrab SoftKinetic Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Gesture Recognition for Desktop in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America China Europe Japan Taiwan Korea View all reports of this category @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/semiconductors-market Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Gesture Recognition for Desktop in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Blog URL – http://www.deepresearchreport.com/ About Acute Market Reports Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. Acute Market Reports provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade Acute Market Reports collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Acute Market Reports database consists of 200,000+ market research reports with detailed & minute market research. Contact: Chris Paul Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Phone (India): +91 7755981103 Toll Free (US/Canada):  +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com For More Information Click Here – Acute Market Reports Share this: Share on Tumblr Global Gesture Recognition for Portable PC Market Trends, Outlook, Growth 2021 by Acute Market Reports < Previous Essential Oils Market : Forecast for next 6 years with Key Companies Profile Next > Recommended stories you may like: Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence Research Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022 Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence ResearchNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Advanced Electronic Technologies for the Intelligence Community market to Cross US$ 35 Bn by 2023 – Credence Research Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022Nov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Agricultural and Farm Machinery Market: Global market Analysis, Market Outlook and Strategies to 2022 Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Non-Printed Labels Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Albums Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Book Covers Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Book Covers Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Folders Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Folders Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Paper Business Forms Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Paper Business Forms Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Pigments for Colouring Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Pigments for Colouring Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Coagulation Self Testing Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Coagulation Self Testing Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Powdered Glass Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorNov 23, 2016, Comments Off on Powdered Glass Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Apple MacBook Pro (2016): Release date, specs and everything you need to know Chris Hall and Elyse Betters27 October 2016Laptops Apple Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple has announced an update to its MacBook Pro, claiming that it's about to change everything again. Taking to the stage at its "Hello Again" event in Cupertino, Tim Cook and chums announced a completely new MacBook Pro, simply called the MacBook Pro.  This new model for 2016 brings in a whole range of changes, sweeping the 2015 MacBook Pro model aside. Here's everything you need to know about the new MacBook Pro. Apple MacBook Pro (2016): Thinner, brighter, faster, and very touchy feely Apple MacBook Pro (2016) preview: Air apparent MacBook Pro (2016): Design Apple has announced a brand new design for its MacBook Pro family of devices, coming in 13 and 15-inch models. The new MacBook Pro (2016) evolves the unibody design of the previous MacBook Pro, sticking to the compact form factor, but reducing in size once again. It will be available in silver or grey. The new 13-inch MacBook Pro measures 14.9 x 304.1 x 212.4mm and weighs 1.37kg. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro measures 15.5 x 349.3 x 240.7mm and weighs 1.83kg. The reduction in volume as lead to a complete redesign for the internals, with a new cooling system to move air through the body and exhaust out the back. The display is as thin as the little 12-inch MacBook, while the Force Touch trackpad increases in size. However, the biggest changes are the stripping out of all the ports and replacing them with Thunderbolt 3 ports. The second biggest change is the inclusion of a new OLED Touch Bar, sitting in the space where the Fn keys used to sit. Unfortunately, to muddy the waters a little, the entry-level device is slightly lesser-specced, so although it sits in the same design, it only has two ports and no Touch Bar. This is the basic breakdown of new MacBook Pro models: 13-inch MacBook Pro, two Thunderbolt 3 ports 13-inch MacBook Pro, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, Touch Bar 15-inch MacBook Pro, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, touch Bar Pocket-lint MacBook Pro (2016): Touch Bar The Touch Bar is the real talking point of the new MacBook Pro, and likely to be the feature that sells this new design to a wide number of people. The Touch Bar replaces the Fn keys and is a second Retina display. This OLED panel supports up to 10-points of touch and is full colour, designed to change its options depending on what you're doing on your Mac. It will offer things like volume sliders, shortcuts in your browser, text predictions when typing and tools when using more advanced programs. For example, Apple demonstrated how Photoshop tools would appear on Touch Bar, how Microsoft Word tools could appear on the Touch Bar and how basic system controls could appear there too. There can also be a full emoji bar on Touch Bar, making it really easy to respond to messages with minimal fuss. The Touch Bar will also incorporate the power button, which also integrates Touch ID, with a secure chip in the MacBook Pro, meaning you can touch to make payments. Apple Touch Bar: What can I do with it and what apps are supported? MacBook Pro (2016): Specs and hardware The new MacBook Pros offer a range of Intel Core i CPUs, with a huge range of options for RAM, storage and on the larger model, GPUs. The basic 13-inch MacBook Pro (without Touch Bar) starts with a 2.0GHz Core i5, 256GB SSD storage and 8GB RAM. Graphics come from onboard Intel Iris 540. As we mentioned there are two Thunderbolt ports. It has a 2560 x 1600 pixel resolution display, 277ppi. The 13-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar) starts with a 2.9GHz Core i5, 256GB SSD storage and 8GB RAM. Graphics are supplied by the Intel Iris 550. This model gets four Thunderbolt 3 ports. It has a 2560 x 1600 pixel resolution display, 277ppi. Finally the 15-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar) starts with 2.6GHz Core i7, 256GB SSD storage and 16GB RAM. Graphics come from the AMD Radeon Pro 450 (2GB) with Intel HD Graphics 530. There are four Thunderbolt 3 ports. It has a 2880 x 1800 pixel resolution display, for 220ppi. MacBook Pro (2016): Release date and price The new MacBook Pro models are available to buy on from Apple today, with delivery depending on the model you choose. The basic 13-inch MacBook Pro is looking at delivery on 29 October, but the more advanced MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar are looking at 3-4 week delivery times. Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch: From £1,499 Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch with Touch Bar: From £1,749 Apple MacBook Pro 15-inch with Touch Bar: From £2,349 There are a wide range of configuration options that make the price vary huge amounts, running up to over £4000 for the top spec MacBook Pro 15-inch. Sections Apple Laptops 5 best laptops for Windows 10: The best available to buy today Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy... Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Dell XPS 15 (2016) review: Pursuing perfection Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Google is bringing Android apps to four more Chromebook models MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Amazing Black Friday deal: Grab an Amazon Fire tablet for just £30, Fire TV Stick just £25 Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? Samsung KS8000 SUHD TV review: Hitting the 4K HDR sweet spot Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Which iPhone is best for you? iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, iPhone 6S Plus or iPhone 7 Plus? Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Amazon Echo: What can Alexa do and what services are compatible? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Best Buy Canada is releasing more NES Classics today [Update: sold out] November 23, 2016 You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers SaskTel sees profits dip for Q2 2016-2017 but still expects to exceed yearly targets November 23, 2016 Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Best Buy Canada is releasing more NES Classics today [Update: sold out] November 23, 2016 You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers SaskTel sees profits dip for Q2 2016-2017 but still expects to exceed yearly targets November 23, 2016 Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Vending machines across Canada now accept Apple Pay BlackBerry DTEK50 review: Pushing the security narrative Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for Igor Bonifacic August 9, 2016 3:32pm When Microsoft first announced its Surface lineup of 2-in-1 detachables back in 2012, most people were not sure how to greet the company’s new device. On the one hand, it seemed like the Redmond-based company wanted to displace its manufacturing partners, the same companies that had helped Microsoft dominate the PC market through the nineties and into the early aughts. On the other hand, the original Surface models, particularly the RT variants, weren’t great. Despite those early missteps, the Surface lineup itself has flourished in recent years, creating a viable new revenue generator for Microsoft. Moreover, with traditional tablet sales at their worst since 2012, companies like Samsung and Huawei, as well as Microsoft’s more traditional hardware partners like Dell, have managed to salvage something from the declining market with their own 2-in-1 efforts. While not for everyone, there’s been clear demand for devices like the Surface Pro. The issue is, for all its many strengths, the Surface Pro 4 is an expensive device, especially in Canada where our weak dollar doesn’t help its price tag. Enter Acer with its latest take on the 2-in-1 detachable form factor, the Switch Alpha 12. No stranger to the Windows ecosystem, Acer is also known for producing affordable products. And in many ways, the Switch Alpha 12 delivers on the company’s promise of an affordable but compelling 2-in-1, but it also misses the mark in several important areas. It’s a device that makes compromises, and it’s up to interested consumers to ask themselves whether they can live by the sacrifices the Switch Alpha 12 asks them to make in the pursuit of affordability. Starting Configuration Windows 10 Home Intel Core i3 processor clocked at 2.30 GHz 4GB RAM 128GB SSD 12-inch 2160 x 1440 touchscreen IPS display Wi-Fi 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.0 connectivity 4860 mAh battery 15.9mm x 292.1mm x 201.4mm dimensions 1.25 kg $899.99 CAD MSRP Design From a design perspective, the Switch Alpha 12 is not a remarkable device. Its visual inspirations are clear from the moment you take it out of the box. First, there is the more obvious of its two antecedents, Microsoft’s Surface Pro lineup. Less obvious, though more relevant in the context of this device, is HP’s recent Elite X2 1012 2-in-1. Like that device, the Switch Alpha 12 takes advantage of a u-shaped kickstand mechanism to allow for more than one standing configuration. In the case of the Switch Alpha, it’s a functional and sturdy design feature that gives users a significant amount of wiggle room to adjust screen orientation to their liking. Uninspired design aside, the Switch Alpha still cuts a decent figure. Viewing it from a distance, its brushed aluminum finish gives it a sophisticated look. That impression is somewhat diminished when examining the device close up. That said, with one exception, which I’ll touch upon later, overall build quality is solid, especially for a device at this price point. At 1250 grams, however, the Switch Alpha 12 is heavier than most devices in the category, including the 1088 gram Surface Pro 4. Even without its keyboard attached, the Switch Alpha 12 is a hefty device. As a result, while it definitely feels sturdy, I found the Switch Alpha’s weight made it impractical to use in its tablet form. In this respect, compared to dedicated tablets like the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and even Microsoft’s own Surface Pro, the Switch Alpha 12 feels far from an ultraportable. In terms of ports, the Switch Alpha 12 offers a useful mix of I/O options. It includes one USB 3.0 port, one USB-C port and a 3.5mm headphone jack. There’s also a microSD slot hidden behind the kickstand that allows users to add more storage to the device. Keyboard and trackpad The more important question relating to a device like this is how good are its keyboard and trackpad? After all, all 2-in-1s — and in fact laptops — are only as good as their keyboard and trackpad. When it comes to its own keyboard and trackpad, the Switch Alpha 12 is serviceable but not great. I wrote the majority of this review on the Switch Alpha 12, completing parts of it on a Filco mechanical keyboard I have at home and the Macbook I take with me every day to work. Writing some 2000 words in a short amount of time, the conclusion I came to is that the typing experience on offer here is at least on par with what was available with the Type Cover 3. Key travel and response are both at a level that’s to be expected with a keyboard of this type and cost, but the keys themselves feel mushy. Overall, I was able to write emails, news stories and other content at a fast clip while making few errors, but I didn’t particularly enjoy the experience. On the other hand, I absolutely did not like the Switch Alpha 12’s trackpad. It has several issues. The first, and most important to my mind, is that it sinks too far into the frame of the keyboard when pressed. It’s also too small and narrow, not providing nearly enough surface area, and I’m not a fan of how it is slightly offset to the left side. Another issue is the fabric loop designed to hold the Switch Alpha 12’s stylus. I managed to break it on my second day with the device. I’m willing to admit I probably was over zealous when I tried to thread the stylus through that day, but at the same time, it’s easy to see how other people who purchase this device will experience similar issues. The stylus itself serves its purpose well enough. It’s far less sensitive than Microsoft’s offering, and looks a bit too much like a traditional pen in my opinion. Of course, all of these criticisms need to be weighed against the fact that the Switch Alpha 12’s keyboard cover comes included in the box. The Type Cover 4 is an excellent keyboard, yes, but it also costs $170, adding a significant amount to the price an already expensive device. Software After leaving the Windows ecosystem around the time of Windows Vista, I recently returned to Microsoft’s desktop operating system to find a great user experience. This will be old news to those who have been on Windows 10 since launch, but, if you’re like me, and haven’t used Windows in a long time, it’s definitely time to give Microsoft’s historic operating system another look. Between new features like Windows Hello, a cohesive and pleasant UI across the entire OS, a much-improved notification tray and a fast browser in Microsoft Edge, there’s a lot to like with Windows 10. Microsoft also needs to be commended for the work it has put into updating its own software. I haven’t had too much time with Windows 10’s anniversary update, but what I have seen so far is promising. With the addition of extension support to Microsoft Edge, I can finally say goodbye to Google Chrome, which has become close to unusable in recent years. Elsewhere, the addition of Windows Ink, Windows 10’s new hub for all things stylus-related, helped show me why some people swear by their computer’s pen input. In terms of included software, the Switch Alpha 12 comes with its fair share of bloatware. Besides the company’s own utilities, the unit the Acer provided to MobileSyrup came with a number of third-party apps pre-installed, including Twitter, Flipboard, Netflix and Candy Crush Saga, as well as Amazon’s store and Kindle apps. With its constant notifications, however, McAfee LiveSafe was the worst offender. Performance In terms of configuration, the unit MobileSyrup was provided came with a 2.3GHz Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB solid state drive. During general computing tasks, the Switch Alpha 12 was fast and responsive, handling multiple apps at once without any issue. Those looking to game with their laptop best look elsewhere; with an integrated graphics card from Intel inside, the Switch Alpha 12 can’t run modern games like Overwatch and The Witcher 3 at a playable level, though it can handle less intensive games like Hearthstone with ease. Each and every configuration of the Switch Alpha 12 comes with a 12-inch 2160 x 1440 pixel IPS touchscreen display. It uses the same 3:2 aspect ratio as Microsoft’s own detachable, though doesn’t pack in as many pixels. Besides the thick bezel, the screen is excellent. It’s a bit on the warm side, as you can see in the two above images, but it’s sharp and touch response is excellent. The Switch Alpha 12 is the first 2-in-1 device to feature a liquid cooling solution. In practice, the benefit of this setup is that Acer’s new 2-in-1 is completely silent, even when running demanding applications. Moreover, because it doesn’t make use of a radiator of any fans to dissipate excess heat, the Switch Alpha 12 is sealed from the outside world, saving it from dust and other particles that could in the future get into its internals. However, I’m unsure whether the Switch Alpha 12 makes a compelling case for this type cooling solution within the context of an ultraportable. Without having the time to use this computer for a number of months, it’s hard to tell how this setup will work two and three years into the future. Even in just normal use, the right side of the Switch Alpha 12 becomes warm to the touch. It’s a good thing its internals are located behind the screen, because if they were beneath the keyboard, like in a traditional laptop, it would not be comfortable a device to place on one’s lap. Battery life is also unimpressive. During a normal work day — using Microsoft Edge with multiple tabs open, Slack and Spotify — I found the Switch Alpha’s 4870 mAh battery lasted between four and five hours. The worst thing I can say about this device is that it probably wouldn’t get through a large press event on a single charge, which makes it a non-starter in my case. For everyone else, it’s best to think of this device as a powerful desktop that can go portable for a few hours when needed. Conclusion On its own, the Switch Alpha 12 is, save for its less than stellar keyboard and poor battery life, a good device. And if all you care about is performance, then it’s an easy computer to recommend. Going with the Switch Alpha 12, consumers can get a modern, well-specced device for less money than the competition. The Core i5, 8GB RAM, 256 ROM variant, for example, costs $1000 in Canada; a similarly specced Surface Pro costs $1,679 — without even factoring in the additional cost of a Type Cover 4 keyboard. Where things become more complicated is in the difference between input devices. We spend so much of our time on these devices interacting with the included keyboard and trackpad. So much so that I don’t think it’s unreasonable, depending on a person’s budget, to purchase a lower specced machine if it means coming away with a computer that has a better keyboard and trackpad. While it would be hard for me to get a new computer with less than 8GB of RAM, depending on your computing needs, a Surface Pro model with 4GB of RAM and a Core M3 processor may be enough, especially if all do with your computer is surf the web, send emails and watch YouTube. What’s perhaps most frustrating about the Switch Alpha 12 is that it’s so close to be an ideal device. Had it shipped with a better keyboard and trackpad, as well as a more capable battery, it would be the go-to affordable 2-in-1. Pros Excellent screen Superlative performance Great operating system in Windows 10 Cons Poor battery life Average keyboard and trackpad at best Heavy Before anyone asks, here’s the wallpaper you see on my desktop. SuperDSpamalot It’s telling when the pros are all things that Acer weren’t responsible for (Screen, power and software) and the cons are EVERYTHING Acer is responsible for getting right. I don’t care how cheap it is, this is not an alternative to the Surface. I can’t believe anyone still buys anything Acer at all. gwydionjhr Why is the pen far less sensitive than the MS Surface pen? Does it use a different technology? Also, you wrote this in Google Docs, didn’t you. How can tell? You used the word “specced” twice in the last paragraph. I copied and pasted it into both Docs and Word. Docs completely missed that as a spelling mistake. Igor Bonifacic Surface Pen has 1,024 levels of pressure sensitivity. In contrast, the Switch Alpha 12’s has 256 levels of pressure sensitivity. I wrote the review completely in WordPress. I’ve seen both specced and spec’d used in other publications and websites. It’s one of those weird words like doxing, which can also be spelled doxxing. It looks weird either way. gwydionjhr Thanks for the answer to both questions! Igor Bonifacic My pleasure! Eric M. The reason it is less sensitive is partly because it uses a different technology, depending on what you are looking to do with it, writing or sketching, it might not be the right device for you. The pen does have some lag when it comes to quickly sketch or doodle but for regular note taking it is working fine. I’d say that pro user that uses the device for drawing professionally definitely ought to get the SP4 as the pen is much much adequate for this. Anton Bruckner No surprise here. Acer is easily one of the biggest piece of shjt brands in the PC market today. Seriously if you’re looking for a Surface experience you’ll buy one of those first before you’ll think of buying junk from Asser. Eric M. Hi Igor! I’m quite surprised you feel this way about the Acer, firstly your comparison with the Surface Pro 4 is flawed in some way, the weight of 766 Grams does not include the actual keyboard which weights about 266 gram additional. So the difference in weight is not that much. In regards of the tracking pad click travel, not sure if you tried both device side by side but there’s merely any difference and it certainly does not display a difference in performance. I actually bought this device instead of a Surface Pro 4 because the cost difference alone was compelling over $600 difference for a similar spec SP4. As for those of you that are bashing on this computer just because it is from Acer, I can tell that it is very well made device and quite a compelling machine Now of course it ain’t perfect and of course cheaper device means you have to cut the cost somewhere, the faux leather gathers dust like there’s no tomorrow, the screen is not symmetrical aligned positioned slightly more on the left. As for the liquid cooling in a mobile device, it’s been in existence for while in cellphones, I’m fairly confident it is safe to use. If you guys have any questions about the device feel free to as me and you can also seek the two reviews on mobiletechreview on youtube that does a pretty good job a comparing the SP4 to the Acer Switch Alpha pro. I must admit that having searched for reviews on this 2 in 1, this one is by far the most negative I’ve come to read. Igor Bonifacic 1) Fair, I’ve updated the review to reflect the correct weights. That said, the Switch Alpha 12 is about 20 percent heavier when compared to the SP4. That’s a significant amount, especially for two devices that occupy roughly the same volume. 2) I had the Type Cover 4 for comparison throughout the whole review process. The trackpad is much better. All my colleagues agreed, as well. 3) As I said in the review, if all you care about is performance and cost, then the Switch Alpha 12 is a great computer. 4) The only smartphones to make use of something close to a liquid cooling setup are the Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL.Those are all smartphones released within the last year, so, no, liquid cooled smartphones have not been existence for a while. Moreover, they all have the advantage of using ARM processors, which produce far less heat than even the 6th generation of Core i model processors. Even with its heat pipe, the S7 still gets hot. We’ll see how the Switch Alpha 12’s passive cooling system works. I don’t think it was unreasonable to tell readers there’s not a lot of data on how a 6th generation Core i processor functions after three years without an active cooling system dissipating the heat it produces. 5) Why do all reviewers need to agree on something? Ideally if you’re interested in this device, you will read more than one review and make your own decision on whether a product makes sense for you. Most of all, I’m happy you’re enjoying the device, and you think it was a good purchase. Eric M. After calculation the difference in weight is a mere 0.39 lbs which while maybe noticeable not all that important. As for liquid cooling it is true in regards of mobile device. And again very true not all reviewers should agree on products. Although you depicted the device in a very Grimm light. This is of course my personal opinion and while I agree that the Acer is far from perfect it holds its ground pretty well against then sp4 which is over 600$ more expensive considering you’ve got to buy the keyboard separately Thank you for the answers glad to get some interaction with you. Donovan What kind of battery life are you experiencing? This seems to be the main caveat of going with this device versus a Surface Pro. Eric M. It really depends on the kind of task you do but I’d say in the 4-5 hours ish… I don’t mind much since I use it mainly at home. Eric M. It’s okay but far from stellar. Pingback: Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for | T66() tatzuk This rewiew is far too harsh. Almost every rewiever I’ve seen has at least liked the trackpad and keyboard. Some say it’s one of the best things about this device. I think Acer has done a terrific job making a more affordable 2 in 1 that still looks cool which something Microsoft couldn’t do. Eric M. I completely agree with you, I own it and it’s a very very good device, but of course not as good as SP4 but someone getting this Acer certainly does not expect the same quality for the price you pay this computer for. Amit Golwala I could not resist buying this device (i5 one with 256 GB storage and no pen included) for $531 including tax. As far as keyboard is concerned, if the bundled one does not meet the purpose for specific high demanding situations, I don’t see any harm in pairing with Bluetooth Logitech keyboards. Can someone comment, if I can use other active pens like Dell 750-AAGN? Though, I don’t need to use the pen for any art work, I plan to use it as an alternate to white boards for my software requirement workshops. Specs are unbeatable for the price. In fact, you can buy two such devices at the price of one SP4, with keyboard included! I am ready to pay premium but not 100%. KiwiBri if anyone is interested, Lisa from Mobile tech review does a great video review on this and talks more on the pen. Richard Kirchknopf My son has the i5 version with 128GB SSD. Based on his experience I also got the same. I thought it was very good bang for the buck relative to the Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Agreed that the tablet part is heavy. But it is quite solid, and with the liquid cooling it is absolutely noiseless. My only complaint about the keyboard is that mine is international rather than a US keyboard. But it is backlit, and it came with the system, not an extra. It attaches easily and comes off easily. I found the keyboard and touchpad more than adequate. So I would not call the keyboard a con. Likewise the so-so battery life. Agreed that it could be better, but at the same time calling 4-5 hours “poor” is unduly harsh. I think it really depends on what the user needs. Spending $1000 for something competitive with a system $600 more expensive makes this worth looking at if one is looking for good performance at a more affordable price. If one needs the extra battery life then perhaps that makes it a moot point. I also bought the pen. I seldom use it though. But then again I don’t need it for art and the pressure sensitivity is not important to me. I just use it for more precise selection of check-boxes and such. Christoph Thanks for the review. I noticed that your model has a large enter key, like European keyboards. I suppose it’s a Canadian model? Could you specify the exact model ID or some other way how I can know which keyboard I am getting when ordering online? Also, I am trying to find out whether it is possible to buy the keyboard cover separately to get a different keyboard layout? I suppose it is not possible to swap the keys (and stickers are really a last resort…) Finally, has anyone tried if the surface pro 3/4 type covers work with the Switch Alpha? I know it’s kinda unlikely, but physically, the docking interfaces look extremely similar… Bill Rozenwaser I’ve had the Acer Switch 12 for about 6 wks now. The computer itself is pretty good. The downside is Acer support and everything about the pen/stylus. The pen/stylus is pretty bad compared to the WACOM based digital pens out there. I’ve been spoiled using Samsung’s NOTE 8 where the stylus is quite good and responsive for note taking. I also broke the stylus holder on the Acer after a month. Called Acer and they wanted $300 to fix it. Acer’s position is that the pen holder is a physical issue and not covered under their warranty. So poor and cheap design: just live with it. The phone support is also terrible, asking you for SNID twice, not being able to view your registered device profile. Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Current Affairs » News » Science and Technology Indian Railways to run magnetic trains soon Business Standard DST, Intel and IIT Bombay collaborate to launch incubation program for hardware startups Under this program, industry, academia and the government together will support hardware and systems-based start-ups BS Reporter  |  Mumbai  August 9, 2016 Last Updated at 20:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGpYr7 Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Indian Institute of Technology Bombay Wikipedia ALSO READ Indian hardware startups must look at local investment than foreign funding: China's HAX Next Education buys IIT-B incubated InOpen for computer science product NPTEL in talks with universities, Nasscom for MOOC endorsement IIT Delhi, Ericsson awards innovative new start-up ideas More students now opting to start own ventures: IIT-B chief In a bid to give much need impetus to hardware startup ecosystem, Department of Science & Technology (DST) of Government of India, Intel Technology India Pvt. Ltd and Society for Innovation & Entrepreneurship (SINE), IIT Bombay have set up a new collaborative incubation program to support hardware and systems-based start-ups. SINE is the business incubator at IIT Bombay which supports technology start-ups that are based on products or intellectual property.  Under this program, industry, academia and the government together will support hardware and systems-based start-ups in the country through mentoring, training, lab facilities, hardware kits, prototyping, business services, and funding. Initial funding for start ups may vary between Rs 25 to Rs 30 lakh. The program, which is aimed at addressing gaps in the ecosystem that companies face in product design, development, commercialization, and creating scale for their solutions,  will support up to 20 start-ups. The call for applications for the first batch will be announced in early August 2016.  During the year-long program, start-ups will be supported for six months either on-site at SINE, IIT, Bombay or in Intel India, Bengaluru.  After a period of six months, the start-ups’ solutions will be showcased to investors and industry players. Post six months, the program will extend virtual support for these start ups. The incubation program will entail intensive training periods, one-on-one mentoring, technology related support from Intel experts, business service support from SINE, as well as prototyping and manufacturing support.  Start ups will be able to build capacities through mentors and get technology related support for productization. The program will also facilitate ideation, design thinking, prototyping workshops and manufacturing support through industry experts. Read More On Iit Bombay | Incubation Program | Intel | Hardware Startups | Current Affairs | Science And Technology PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? DST, Intel and IIT Bombay collaborate to launch incubation program for hardware startups Under this program, industry, academia and the government together will support hardware and systems-based start-ups Under this program, industry, academia and the government together will support hardware and systems-based start-ups In a bid to give much need impetus to hardware startup ecosystem, Department of Science & Technology (DST) of Government of India, Intel Technology India Pvt. Ltd and Society for Innovation & Entrepreneurship (SINE), IIT Bombay have set up a new collaborative incubation program to support hardware and systems-based start-ups. SINE is the business incubator at IIT Bombay which supports technology start-ups that are based on products or intellectual property.  Under this program, industry, academia and the government together will support hardware and systems-based start-ups in the country through mentoring, training, lab facilities, hardware kits, prototyping, business services, and funding. Initial funding for start ups may vary between Rs 25 to Rs 30 lakh. The program, which is aimed at addressing gaps in the ecosystem that companies face in product design, development, commercialization, and creating scale for their solutions,  will support up to 20 start-ups. The call for applications for the first batch will be announced in early August 2016.  During the year-long program, start-ups will be supported for six months either on-site at SINE, IIT, Bombay or in Intel India, Bengaluru.  After a period of six months, the start-ups’ solutions will be showcased to investors and industry players. Post six months, the program will extend virtual support for these start ups. The incubation program will entail intensive training periods, one-on-one mentoring, technology related support from Intel experts, business service support from SINE, as well as prototyping and manufacturing support.  Start ups will be able to build capacities through mentors and get technology related support for productization. The program will also facilitate ideation, design thinking, prototyping workshops and manufacturing support through industry experts. BS Reporter Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 DST, Intel and IIT Bombay collaborate to launch incubation program for hardware startups Under this program, industry, academia and the government together will support hardware and systems-based start-ups In a bid to give much need impetus to hardware startup ecosystem, Department of Science & Technology (DST) of Government of India, Intel Technology India Pvt. Ltd and Society for Innovation & Entrepreneurship (SINE), IIT Bombay have set up a new collaborative incubation program to support hardware and systems-based start-ups. SINE is the business incubator at IIT Bombay which supports technology start-ups that are based on products or intellectual property.  Under this program, industry, academia and the government together will support hardware and systems-based start-ups in the country through mentoring, training, lab facilities, hardware kits, prototyping, business services, and funding. Initial funding for start ups may vary between Rs 25 to Rs 30 lakh. The program, which is aimed at addressing gaps in the ecosystem that companies face in product design, development, commercialization, and creating scale for their solutions,  will support up to 20 start-ups. The call for applications for the first batch will be announced in early August 2016.  During the year-long program, start-ups will be supported for six months either on-site at SINE, IIT, Bombay or in Intel India, Bengaluru.  After a period of six months, the start-ups’ solutions will be showcased to investors and industry players. Post six months, the program will extend virtual support for these start ups. The incubation program will entail intensive training periods, one-on-one mentoring, technology related support from Intel experts, business service support from SINE, as well as prototyping and manufacturing support.  Start ups will be able to build capacities through mentors and get technology related support for productization. The program will also facilitate ideation, design thinking, prototyping workshops and manufacturing support through industry experts. BS Reporter Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Microsoft Security Bulletins August 2016 By Martin Brinkmann on August 9, 2016 in Microsoft - Last Update:August 9, 2016 9 The following overview provides you with information on all security bulletins and updates that Microsoft released in August 2016. Microsoft releases security patches on the second Tuesday of each month. This month, the updates were released on August 9, 2016. The overview begins with an executive summary listing the most important information. It is followed by the operating system distribution, and information about patches for other Microsoft products. What follows is a list of all security bulletins, security advisories and non-security patches that Microsoft released this month. The final part offers download instructions, and links to various resources for further information. Microsoft Security Bulletins August 2016 Executive Summary Microsoft published a total of 9 security bulletins in August 2016. 5 of the bulletins received an aggregate severity rating of critical, the remaining ones the second-highest rating of important. Affected products include all client and server Windows operating systems, Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, and Skype for Business 2016. Operating System Distribution All client and server operating systems are affected by at least one bulletin rated critically for the system. Windows 10 is affected by the most bulletins. This can be explained by the cumulative Microsoft Edge bulletin MS10-096 and the Windows PDF Library bulletin MS10-102. Windows 8.x is also affected by the latter but not by the former. Windows 10 is furthermore affected by MS16-103 rated important, while all other client operating systems are not. The situation looks identical on the server side of things. Windows Vista: 2 critical, 3 important Windows 7: 2 critical, 3 important Windows 8.1: 3 critical, 3 important Windows RT 8.1: 2 critical, 2 important Windows 10: 4 critical, 4 important Windows Server 2008: 1 critical, 3 important, 1 moderate Windows Server 2008 R2: 1 critical, 3 important, 1 moderate Windows Server 2012 and 2012 R2: 2 critical, 3 important, 1 moderate Server core: 2 critical, 3 important Other Microsoft Products Microsoft Office 2007, 2010: 2 important Microsoft Office 2013, 2013 RT, 2016: 1 critical Microsoft Office for Mac 2011, 2016: 1 critical Microsoft Word Viewer: 1 critical, 1 important Skype for Business 2016: 1 important Microsoft Lync 2010, 2013: 1 important Microsoft Live Meeting 2007 Console: 1 important Security Bulletins MS16-095 Cumulative Security Update for Internet Explorer (3177356) - Critical - Remote Code Execution This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer. The most severe of the vulnerabilities could allow remote code execution if a user views a specially crafted webpage using Internet Explorer. MS16-096 Cumulative Security Update for Microsoft Edge 3177358) - Critical - Remote Code Execution This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Edge. The most severe of the vulnerabilities could allow remote code execution if a user views a specially crafted webpage using Microsoft Edge. MS16-097 Security Update for Microsoft Graphics Component (3177393) - Critical - Remote Code Execution This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office, Skype for Business, and Microsoft Lync. The most severe of the vulnerabilities could allow remote code execution. MS16-098 Security Update for Windows Kernel-Mode Drivers (3178466) - Important - Elevation of Privilege This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Windows. The vulnerabilities could allow elevation of privilege if an attacker logs on to an affected system and runs a specially crafted application that could exploit the vulnerabilities and take control of an affected system. MS16-099 Security Update for Microsoft Office (3177451) - Critical - Remote Code Execution This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Office. The most severe of the vulnerabilities could allow remote code execution if a user opens a specially crafted Microsoft Office file. MS16-100 Security Update for Secure Boot (3179577) - Important - Security Feature Bypass This security update resolves a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows. The vulnerability could allow security feature bypass if an attacker installs a policy affected by the vulnerability onto a target device. MS16-101 Security Update for Windows Authentication Methods (3178465) - Important - Elevation of Privilege This security update resolves multiple vulnerabilities in Microsoft Windows. The vulnerabilities could allow elevation of privilege if an attacker runs a specially crafted application on a domain-joined system. MS16-102 Security Update for Microsoft Windows PDF Library (3182248) - Critical - Remote Code Execution This security update resolves a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows. The vulnerability could allow remote code execution if a user views specially crafted PDF content online or opens a specially crafted PDF document. MS16-103 Security Update for ActiveSyncProvider (3182332) - Important - Information Disclosure This security update resolves a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows. The vulnerability could allow information disclosure when Universal Outlook fails to establish a secure connection. Security advisories and updates Microsoft Security Advisory 3179528 Update for Kernel Mode Blacklist Microsoft is blacklisting some publicly released versions of securekernel.exe. Non-security related updates KB3176495, KB3176493, KB3176492 Windows 10 Version 1607 Cumulative Updates August 9, 2016 for the three different versions of windows 10 (Anniversary Update, Built 10586, and Build 10240) Lots of fixes, includes the security updates. All information on this page. KB3176929 Windows 10 Version 1607 Cumulative Update August 2, 2016 Update that includes a number of fixes and improvements. This includes Edge extension and background task improvement among other things. All changes are listed on this page. KB3161102 Update for Windows 8.1 and Windows 7 Update for Windows Journal component removal. This update lets users remove the Windows Journal component immediately. Users who require Windows Journal can install it as a standalone application by going here. KB3172605 July 2016 update rollup for Windows 7 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 Know issue affects Intel Bluetooth devices. The following changes are included in the update rollup: Improved support in Microsoft Cryptographic Application Programming Interface (CryptoAPI) to help identify websites that use Secure Hash Algorithm 1 (SHA-1). Addressed issue in Microsoft Secure Channel (SChannel) that sometime causes Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.2 connections to fail depending on whether the root certificate is configured as part of the certificate chain for server authentication. KB3172614 Update for Windows 8.1, Windows RT 8.1, and Windows Server 2012 R2 This update introduces a wide variety of updates (mostly fixes to existing issues). You find the all listed on this page. KB3035583 Update for Windows 8.1 and Windows 7 Update installs Get Windows 10 app in Windows 8.1 and Windows 7 SP1 KB3172615 Update for Windows Embedded 8 Standard and Windows Server 2012 July 2016 update rollup for Windows Server 2012. The update fixes several issues and makes improvements to supported operating systems. The full list is accessible here. How to download and install the August 2016 security updates All security updates are made available on Windows Update. Windows home devices are configured by default to use Windows Update. Depending on the configuration, updates may be downloaded and installed automatically. The check for updates does not happen in real-time though. If you want to grab the updates right when they become available, do the following: Tap on the Windows-key on the computer keyboard, type Windows Update, and hit enter. This should open the Windows Update dialog. Windows may run a check for updates automatically, or after you click on the "check for updates" button or link. Updates that are found are either downloaded and installed automatically, or on user request. It is recommended to research all Windows updates before installing them on productive machines. The reason for this is that updates may break functionality or in the worst case prevent the system from booting at all. It is recommended to create a system backup prior to installing updates as well. Updates are also provided via Microsoft's Download Center, monthly Security ISO image releases, and via Microsoft's Update Catalog. Additional resources Microsoft Security Bulletin Summary for August 2016 List of software updates for Microsoft products List of security advisories of 2016 Our in-depth update guide for Windows Windows 10 Update History Summary Article Name Microsoft Security Bulletins August 2016 Description The following overview provides you with information on all security bulletins and updates that Microsoft released in August 2016. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Microsoft > Microsoft Security Bulletins August 2016 Firefox one-off Searches from the address bar Google Chrome to block more Flash content Responses to Microsoft Security Bulletins August 2016 Partly Developed Intellectual August 9, 2016 at 8:10 pm # Microsoft and Security? Oxymoron. Reply That One Dude August 9, 2016 at 8:40 pm # Same can be said about Apple, Google and Security. Reply Andy August 9, 2016 at 9:15 pm # or for Linux for that matter, search for news on Linux Botnets Reply Corky August 9, 2016 at 8:16 pm # Nice to see Microsoft dashing hopes that the end of the free upgrade period for Windows 10 would see an end to the Get Windows 10 app, anyone know what this new update to it does now? Reply Randy Vogel August 10, 2016 at 12:04 am # My guess is that KB3035583 hasn't really changed, they're just marking it as "new" in order to remind everyone who hasn't yet upgraded that they can. Or in my case, that I can continue to run Win 7 and ignore them. Reply A or B, not C. August 10, 2016 at 3:03 pm # @ Corky ....... Those who apply the GWX KB3035583 update n upgrade to Win 10 thinking it is still free, may find that it cannot be activated = may need to pay M$ US$119 or $199 for a Win 10 Product Key. Another trick up M$'s sleeves.? . OTOH, Win 7/8.1 non-Ent users can still upgrade to Win 10 for free by just claiming to be using assistive technology(=disabled) n go to the relevant M$ website to do the free upgrade. .......There is always the risk of the upgrade failing n bricking the cptr. Those affected r required to call M$ for a solution, ie likely can't use the Media Creation Tool on their own. Reply Ann August 11, 2016 at 2:24 pm # the period ain't over completely. turn on narrator or magnifier, check a mark that you use the stuff and you still get a free license. Well I do use Magnifier, for presentation purposes }:) Reply ilev August 10, 2016 at 7:07 am # Has Microsoft's Windows 95-Windows 10 Privacy Leak that leaks users data in : Microsoft OneDrive (cloud storage) Microsoft Outlook (email account) Skype account (if signed up with a Microsoft account) Xbox Live network Microsoft Office MSN account (Instant Messaging) Windows Mobile account (access to mobile phone) Microsoft Bing account (access to search history).. https://msleak.perfect-privacy.com/ Has been fixed ? Reply Agrippa August 11, 2016 at 3:58 pm # I didn't even know that you can have a Bing account. When an history is stored in the "cloud" it is most probably shared/sold to 3rd parties. We're talking about MICRO$OFT here... right? Well, some 3rd party alliances include IRS//FBI//CIA//MOSSAD Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Popular Microsoft removes policies from Windows 10 Pro July 28, 2016 Cumulative Windows 10 Update KB3194496 installation issues September 30, 2016 Disable the Windows 10 Lock Screen (Anniversary Update) August 5, 2016 The State of Mozilla Firefox September 4, 2016 You will use Cortana, Microsoft says July 26, 2016 Advertisement Random Software Review MParallel: batch processor with multi-threading support Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Advertisement Latest 4K Netflix in Browser? Only with Microsoft Edge November 23, 2016 Pale Moon 27.0 is out November 23, 2016 Ghacks Deals: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle (Pay What You Want) November 22, 2016 GUIPropView: extensive program window information November 22, 2016 Vivaldi 1.5: Delta updates, Philips Hue support November 22, 2016 Popular Deals Sticky Password Premium Lifetime 80% off PureVPN Lifetime 85% off Zoolz 1TB Storage Lifetime 98% off Microsoft MCSE Server Admin Certification Training 97% off About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2016 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel Sign inSign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Competitions Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2016 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home News Scottish News Armed forces News Hero Scots behind 22 day push up challenge want to smash world record for the exercise CALUM MacLeod and Terry Lowe have gone viral all over the World with their 22 push ups in 22 days Facebook challenge.  Share ByStephen Stewart 17:15, 9 AUG 2016 Updated21:32, 9 AUG 2016 News Former Army sergeant major Terry Lowe hopes to raise awareness of military suicides.  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email TWO war heroes have launched a world record bid to get more than 1200 people doing push ups - to raise awareness of military suicides. Army veterans Calum MacLeod and Terry Lowe - who have both been nominated as Daily Record Our Heroes - have issued a call to arms to get young and old signed up for their record attempt. Former sergeant major Terry has already become an internet sensation after filming himself doing 22 push-ups every day for 22 days while in Iraq. Read More Vietnam veteran makes emotional pilgrimage to Scotland to find 'tunnel rat' pal Jock's family and help them claim war medals Now, the pair want anyone aged from eight to 80 to try to break the world record for the number of people in one place doing simultaneous press ups. Sgt Terry Lowe who has been put forward as one of the forces nominees for Our Heroes Read More Project will honour every war hero in West Dunbartonshire Glaswegian Terry, 37, who is now a security contractor in Iraq, served on four tours of Helmand province with 2 Scots, the Royal Highland Fusiliers. He embarked on his previous challenge in honour of the widely reported statistic that 22 US servicemen and women commit suicide every single. He said: “We want to get the word out there and make this as big as possible. I was really horrified to hear that so many veterans were taking their own lives. “Post-traumatic stress disorder is an invisible injury that can cause havoc after soldiers have left the frontline. We want to get as many people down there getting involved. “Even if you can’t do a full push up, you can do a scaled option. This is for everyone, all ages, shapes and sizes and abilities, coming together to pay tribute to veterans and support good causes.” Read More Ayr war hero who lost both legs in Afghanistan forced to break law to ease pain with cannabis Stars such as ex-Man United defender Rio Ferdinand also joined in The 22 Push-Up Challenge. Now Cammy and Terry want to take the challenge to the next level. Former Army sergeant Calum has previously launched a blitz on Scotland’s child obesity epidemic by holding special fitness boot camps for kids. He runs classes for kids aged seven to 14 as well as Adult classes who want to get fit the military way while having fun outdoors. Former Army sergeant major Terry Lowe hopes to raise awareness of military suicides. The push up world record bid will kick off at 10am on Saturday August 20 at Strathclyde country park, near Hamilton. Calum, who served in Northern Ireland and Iraq, was medically discharged from the Army after 24 years service due to his physical wounds and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). Dad of two Calum said: “This is our call to arms. We want to make this push up challenge into a total world beater. Everyone comes along and does their 22 push ups. No need to worry if you can’t do a full push up. We can show how to do other options. “We want the biggest number of participants doing the challenge in one place. The event is free - all we ask is that people make a donation on the day that will be distributed among military charities.” Read More East Kilbride war hero inspires youngster to take on one of Britain's highest peaks According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the record for the most people performing push ups simultaneously is 1286, achieved by Intel Corporation in Hillsboro, Oregon, on November 11 2015. Calum added: “This is about veterans and people from all walks of life coming together to help veterans. We want to show them they are not alone and will not be forgotten. “I was a Kings Own Scottish Borderer. My regiment was raised in 1689 and it’s claimed that 800 men were recruited within the space of two hours to defend Edinburgh Castle. “Well, hopefully our modern day call to arms can muster even more people for a terrific cause.” For more info, search for ‘call 2 arms’ on Facebook. Read More Top news stories today Mike Ashley's outrageous deal Devastation over Kwik Fit centre closure Shrine of tributes for Euan Johnston Campaign to end PIP misery gets results Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Daily_Record Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Facebook Royal Highland Fusiliers Middle East Hamilton Armed forces Edinburgh Castle World records Obesity Social media news all Most Read Most Recent TroonTroon mum may have lain dead in bedroom for months while daughter and sister carried on living in house NEIGHBOURS raised the alarm after noticing the putrid stench at house in Troon that's also home to a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog. Suzie McGuire'I'm going to f****** kill her' – DJ Suzie McGuire's furious drunken rant at ex-husband's partner THE former Radio Clyde star also threatened to kill her ex Derek Mitchell and called Lana Hunter a "junkie s***" and "ugly scum" during abusive phone call. SchoolsWatch cute Glasgow schoolkids sing Barca anthem to delighted club officials ahead of Celtic game THE footage, tweeted by the club's official account, shows the pupils from St Anne's in the East End, performing for Barcelona and UEFA officials. UK & WorldTesco shopper guilty of punching five-day-old baby in face as she slept in trolley David Hardy, 63, denied common assault after allegedly clenching his fist and striking baby Elsie Duckers inside the supermarket ChildrenWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after horrific death of 10-year-old boy who was decapitated on chute THE Verruckt ride has been closed since Caleb Thomas Schwab was killed while descending the slide on a raft at around 70mph on August 7. Police ScotlandCops appeal for information about car seen in area where gangland victim Euan Johnston was shot dead Euan Johnstone was shot dead on November 16 and police have questioned a total of 485 people to try find out what happened. CharityWatch Cole's journey: Brave East Kilbride epilepsy boy whose sick children's fund hit £20,000 will ride in Santa's sleigh COLE Thomson, 4, his big brother Dylan and mum Lisa Quarrell will parade along Glasgow's Style Mile after epic fundraising journey. Scottish GovernmentSNP Government attacks Philip Hammond claiming £800m boost will only moderate cuts to Holyrood's budget SCOTLAND will receive the extra cash due to extra spending on infrastructure, the Chancellor said today, claiming the Autumn Statement delivered for the country. CourtsFraudster who carried out elaborate £18m Ponzi scheme to dupe investors jailed for seven years STEPHEN Farley pretended that he was an experienced financial dealer and tried to encourage people to invest in his firm. Pauline CafferkeyNurse covered up Ebola nurse Pauline Cafferkey's high temperature on return to UK Donna Wood returned to the UK with Pauline Cafferkey and hid the fact the nurse had a high temperature. Most Read Most Recent TroonTroon mum may have lain dead in bedroom for months while daughter and sister carried on living in house NEIGHBOURS raised the alarm after noticing the putrid stench at house in Troon that's also home to a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog. Rangers FCWatch Rangers youngsters Dapo Mebude and Billy Gilmour combine to score an absolute worldy Gilmour has already been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs and it's easy to see why on this evidence. Champions LeagueLive football on TV: What channel is showing Celtic v Barcelona? AN action-packed week of football is in store with Champions League, Europa League and the Betfred Cup final on the way. Rangers FCOne quid a year plus VAT: Mike Ashley's outrageous 10-year deal to flog gear from Rangers Megastore revealed FORMER Ibrox chairman David Somers signed a deal with Mike Ashley that will see Rangers lose thousands, with a total rent of just £10 over the period of the contract. Suzie McGuire'I'm going to f****** kill her' – DJ Suzie McGuire's furious drunken rant at ex-husband's partner THE former Radio Clyde star also threatened to kill her ex Derek Mitchell and called Lana Hunter a "junkie s***" and "ugly scum" during abusive phone call. Champions LeagueCeltic 0 Barcelona 1: Lionel Messi gives Barca the lead in the Champions League showdown at Celtic Park Brendan Rodgers’ side must pull off another stunning win over the Catalans if they are to have any hope of reaching the last 16. Police ScotlandCops appeal for information about car seen in area where gangland victim Euan Johnston was shot dead Euan Johnstone was shot dead on November 16 and police have questioned a total of 485 people to try find out what happened. Champions LeagueLive football on TV: What channel is showing Celtic v Barcelona? AN action-packed week of football is in store with Champions League, Europa League and the Betfred Cup final on the way. Arsenal FCArsenal vs PSG live score and goal updates from the big clash at the Emirates Follow all tonight's Champions League action from north London with our friends at The Mirror. CharityWatch Cole's journey: Brave East Kilbride epilepsy boy whose sick children's fund hit £20,000 will ride in Santa's sleigh COLE Thomson, 4, his big brother Dylan and mum Lisa Quarrell will parade along Glasgow's Style Mile after epic fundraising journey. Top Stories Champions LeagueCeltic vs Barcelona live score and goal updates from the Champions League showdown at Celtic Park Brendan Rodgers’ side must pull off another stunning win over the Catalans if they are to have any hope of reaching the last 16. Suzie McGuire'I'm going to f****** kill her' – DJ Suzie McGuire's furious drunken rant at ex-husband's partner THE former Radio Clyde star also threatened to kill her ex Derek Mitchell and called Lana Hunter a "junkie s***" and "ugly scum" during abusive phone call. UK & WorldMum slams 'soft' sentence handed to man who punched her baby in Tesco saying: 'he could've killed her' Amy Duckers, 27, said she was "totally p***ed off" after David Hardy, 63, walked free with just a fine for thumping little Elsie Rose Temple CrimeFar-right extremist Thomas Mair GUILTY of murdering MP Jo Cox in gun and dagger attack The Nazi fanatic shot and stabbed Mrs Cox outside a constituency surgery days before the EU Referendum after compiling a dossier on the Remain campaigner CourtsDrunk fisherman fined for shouting "up the RA" at police and accusing Northern Irish cop of being in the UDA Johnny McElroy pleaded guilty to acting in a threatening or abusive manner at the Foregate Square taxi rank and en route to the police station. ChildrenWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after horrific death of 10-year-old boy who was decapitated on chute THE Verruckt ride has been closed since Caleb Thomas Schwab was killed while descending the slide on a raft at around 70mph on August 7. SchoolsWatch cute Glasgow schoolkids sing Barca anthem to delighted club officials ahead of Celtic game THE footage, tweeted by the club's official account, shows the pupils from Dalmarnock Primary in the East End, performing for Barcelona and UEFA officials. Pauline CafferkeyNurse covered up Ebola nurse Pauline Cafferkey's high temperature on return to UK Donna Wood returned to the UK with Pauline Cafferkey and hid the fact the nurse had a high temperature. CrimeSerial killer Stephen Port GUILTY of murdering three men using date rape drug for own sexual fetish The 41-year-old secretly gave his victims GHB overdoses at his flat in Barking, east London, then dumped their bodies nearby ScotrailTransport Minister apologises to passengers for ScotRail failures Humza Yousaf says ScotRail has 'learned lessons' following widespread criticism over the reliability of trains since Dutch firm Abellio took over the franchise. Conservative PartyCalls to sack MSP after he missed key meeting to referee Real Madrid Champions League match Tory justice spokesman Douglas Ross was the assistant in Real Madrid's win over Sporting Lisbon and missed a vital parliamentary committee meeting to attend the match. UK & WorldArgos' embarrassing blunder as Macbook goes online with outrageously cheap price People were eager to try their luck when they spotted Argos was flogging a high-end product for such a small sum News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2016 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Early Open-Source Linux Benchmarks Of The AMD Radeon RX 470 Written by Michael Larabel in Graphics Cards on 9 August 2016. Page 1 of 5. 36 Comments With my Radeon RX 470 retail unit finally having arrived yesterday, I've been running many benchmarks of this graphics card compared to other AMD and NVIDIA graphics cards under Linux. For your viewing pleasure today is the very tip of the iceberg of many RX 460 and RX 470 Linux benchmarks to be published on Phoronix over the days to come. Being published today are some open-source driver performance figures of the Radeon RX 470 and some of the other AMD graphics cards in my possession. This article will be succeeded by another tomorrow with more AMD GPU tests as well as my initial Radeon RX 460 results, as it looks like the RX 460 I bought from NewEgg yesterday will already be arriving today. On the NVIDIA side is the near complete line-up of Maxwell and Pascal cards using the latest proprietary Linux driver. Following these open-source AMDGPU results for the RX 460/470 will then be my AMDGPU-PRO benchmark results, which will allow for publishing OpenCL and Vulkan results, with the Clover OpenCL compute state being less than ideal for benchmarking and the lack of a viable open-source AMD Vulkan driver yet. I had intended to do AMDGPU-PRO RX 460/470 testing first, but with the test box I was using for benchmarking I started out my NVIDIA tests on Ubuntu 16.10... When it came time to try to install the AMDGPU-PRO driver on Ubuntu 16.10, the DKMS module would fail to build even if using the 4.4 kernel from the Xenial archive, etc. Thus for the AMDGPU-PRO tests I'll need to re-test all of the graphics cards again back under Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. So for now the comparison today includes the Radeon R9 270X, R7 370, R9 Fury, and RX 480 and on the NVIDIA side are GeForce GTX 950, GTX 960, GTX 970, GTX 980, GTX 980 Ti, GTX 1060, GTX 1070, and GTX 1080. The open-source driver tests were with Linux 4.8-rc1 and Mesa 12.1-dev Git from the Padoka PPA. The NVIDIA 367.35 driver was used for the proprietary driver tests. Again, tomorrow will be initial RX 460 figures plus the other AMD GCN cards I have within my possession, simply due to being short on time since today's testing. The system was powered by an Intel Xeon E3-1280 v5 Skylake CPU with MSI C236A Workstation motherboard, 16GB of RAM, Samsung SSD 950 PRO NVMe 256GB SSD, and a Acer 4K display. The Radeon RX 470 graphics card I purchased for testing was the SAPPHIRE NITRO+ Radeon RX 470 4GB (100407NT+4GOCL) as the first available RX 470 graphics card I could find in stock last week on launch day at NewEgg.com. This SAPPHIRE NITRO+ Radeon RX 470 ended up costing $209 USD or $239 when including taxes and shipping, which isn't much cheaper than a Radeon RX 480 8GB. The SAPPHIRE NITRO+ Radeon RX 470 has a factory overclock to 1260MHz compared to the 1143MHz reference clock frequency. The video memory is at 1750MHz. All of these initial AMDGPU+RadeonSI open-source results for the RX 470 and other AMD graphics cards were conducted in a fully-automated and reproducible manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. The AC system power consumption was also monitored during the testing process via a WattsUp Pro power meter so the Phoronix Test Suite could reliable provide performance-per-Watt metrics too. Continue on to see these initial open-source RX 470 results while staying tuned for the AMDGPU-PRO numbers along with RX 460 numbers. If you appreciate all of this Linux hardware testing -- including when I need to purchase the relevant hardware for review -- please consider subscribing to Phoronix Premium to help support the site while you also benefit from these large articles on a single-page, ad-free. Thanks for your support. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - Unigine + XonoticPage 3 - Furmark + TesseractPage 4 - CS:GO + BioShock InfinitePage 5 - Dota 2 + Metro Last Light Redux Page: 12345Next Page 36 Comments Related Articles The Performance-Per-Watt From The GeForce GTX 650 To GTX 1050 Series, Compared To AMD RX 460/470 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti Linux Benchmarks NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 OpenGL/Vulkan/OpenCL Linux Performance NVIDIA 375.10 vs. Linux 4.8 + Mesa 13.1-dev AMD GPU Benchmarks Radeon vs. Nouveau Open-Source Drivers On Mesa Git + Linux 4.9 Trending Linux News Early Independent Benchmarks Of The MuQSS Scheduler GLobjects 1.0.0 Released For OpenGL Aide RadeonSI Patches For Compiling Optimized Shader Variants Asynchronously Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Fedora 25 Officially Released & I Highly Recommend It Latest Linux News OpenCL Remains One Of AMDGPU-PRO's Main Advantages, Can't Wait For It To Be Open RADV Vulkan Driver Patch For Initial PRIME Support It's Time For The Annual Thanksgiving Event To Support Our Linux Testing, Benchmarking Intel's Recent Noteworthy Vulkan Patches Hit Mainline Mesa GNOME 3.23.2 Released With More Work Towards GNOME 3.24 Fedora 25 Officially Released & I Highly Recommend It Total War: WARHAMMER Released For Linux Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Cull & Clip Distance Support OpenCL Image Support For Gallium3D's Clover RadeonSI Patches For Compiling Optimized Shader Variants Asynchronously Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU-PRO vs. NVIDIA On Linux With OpenGL & Vulkan OpenSUSE Leap 42.1 vs. Leap 42.2 vs. Tumbleweed Benchmarks Total War: WARHAMMER - AMD RadeonSI Linux Performance Total War: WARHAMMER NVIDIA Linux Benchmarks Fedora 25 Turned Out Great, Definitely My Most Favorite Fedora Release Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Netflix explores more efficient ways to encrypt users' streams by Eric Born  9:51 AM on August 9, 2016 Over the last year, Netflix has been transitioning from HTTP to HTTPS for its customers' streams. The process hasn't been simple. The company indicates that the computational costs to its serving platform from this move have been significant. To reduce the operational costs of encrypting all streams, Netflix has exploring new ways of optimizing Transport Layer Security (TLS) bulk encryption. In a recent paper, Netflix's engineers explain what they've been able to accomplish. First, the engineers considered different options for Netflix's cipher. They opted for the AES-GCM cipher over the more common Cipher Block Chaining, deciding that GCM provided adequate protection while requiring less processsing and computation. Second, Netflix considered a number of options for implementing the cipher, eventually settling on a modified version of the Intel Intelligent Storage Acceleration Library (ISA-L). With some additional improvements to the data path, Netflix reports that it was able to improve overall performance as much as 30%. The report suggests a few possibilities that Netflix's engineers are still considering. The company wonders whether a dedicated auxiliary card could handle the encryption instructions more efficiently than its servers' CPUs, and it's also looking into the cache-control features of Intel's CPUs for ways of limiting the amount of data put into last-layer caches during the encryption process. Still, Netflix is happy enough with its results that it expects to have TLS encryption for the majority of its customers' streams by the end of this year. Tags: Internet Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... This discussion is now closed. View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 19,065 +41.60 +0.22% Nasdaq 5,370 -16.18 -0.30% S&P 500 2,202 -1.05 -0.05% 3:24 P.M. ET Updated The top Black Friday strategies that will land you the best shopping deals 3:20 P.M. ET Updated Stock market’s record November shouldn’t scare off Santa Claus 3:20 P.M. ET How to prepare for Cyber Monday 3:11 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock plunge shaving off about $8.4 bln in market cap 3:10 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock tumbles 10%, heads toward biggest one-day drop since Oct. 9, 2008 3:08 P.M. ET ‘Moana’ rides wave of family film success into potential blockbuster Thanksgiving weekend 3:07 P.M. ET Updated Dow industrials take more than 480 trading days to go from 18,000 to 19,000 3:06 P.M. ET Updated T-Mobile’s accounting slammed by investor group in letter to SEC 3:04 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends lower as traders weigh supply decline, rig count rise and OPEC 3:02 P.M. ET Bed Bath & Beyond expects deal to slightly boost FY16 earnings 3:02 P.M. ET Bed Bath & Beyond agrees to buy PersonalizationMall.com for $190 mln in cash 3:01 P.M. ET Updated Why the sugar rush for stocks isn’t done yet 3:00 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock price target cut to $92 from $102 at Leerink 2:54 P.M. ET Navidea Biopharmaceuticals' stock halted for news pending 2:51 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: The Nikki Haley 2:51 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: Another Judicial Rebuke 2:51 P.M. ET Updated This revolution will continue to hammer energy prices 2:50 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: Crisis in South Korea 2:48 P.M. ET Updated Dollar index hits 13-year high after upbeat U.S. durable-goods data 2:47 P.M. ET Updated Oil futures settle with a modest loss Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Press Release Global Automotive Telematics System Market Forecast to 2020 - 68 Million New Cars Expected to Have Advanced Connectivity Features - Research and Markets By Published: Aug 9, 2016 10:16 a.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Aug 09, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Automotive Telematics System Market - Forecasts and Trends (2015 - 2020)" report to their offering. The global automotive telematics market is poised to grow exponentially at 28% CAGR, with approximately 68 million new cars are expected to have advanced connectivity features by the end of the forecast period. The market is driven by the consumers who are demanding new innovative features and services that seamlessly integrate into their digitized and mobile lifestyles. The integration of telecommunications and information processing system with automobiles, which includes the emergency warning system for vehicles, GPS navigation, integrated hands-free cell phones, wireless safety communications and automatic driving assistance systems are all covered under the scope of telematics. The market is primarily driven by the technological improvements aimed at enhancing the overall in-vehicle experience of passengers and also bringing about a greater degree of interactivity within and among the vehicles. In addition, the market is also driven by strict safety norms, increased safety awareness, and affordability to adopt telematics system. The market is hindered by the high cost involved in installing the entire telematics infrastructure in the vehicle. The automotive telematics market is expected to grow at a higher rate till 2030. The market would be primarily driven by the concerns regarding safety of the driver/occupants that helps to augment the usage of telematics services significantly. Equipping the new vehicles with e-Call, as a mandate from the EC has also increased the telematics market in Europe. Companies Mentioned: Agero Inc Airbiquity Inc At&T, Inc. Continental Ag Delphi Automotive Plc Intel Corporation Magneti Marelli S.P.A Mix Telematics Octo Telematics Robert Bosch Gmbh Tom Tom International Valeo Verizon Communications Inc Visteon Corporation Wirelesscar Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction 2. Research Methodology 3. Executive Summary 4. Key Inferences 5. Market Overview And Technology Trends 6. Automotive Telematics System Market, By Type 7. Automotive Telematics System Market, By Technology 8. Automotive Telematics System Market, By Services 9. Automotive Telematics System Market, By Geography - Regional Share And Forecasts 10. Competitive Landscape 11. Key Vendor Analysis 12. Future Outlook Of The Market For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/d6chc3/global_automotive View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160809005935/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Sector: Telematics and Vehicle Electronics Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Billionaire Ron Burkle is buyer behind Bob Hope’s iconic Palm Springs mansion View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate News Melania Trump may be right: Moving in middle of school year could mess up kids View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Enter Your Login Details x Invalid email address or password. Email : Password :   Remember Me |  Forgot Password Don't have a MyPRGenie account yet? Sign up here Or Login in with Facebook Connect? Click the Facebook Connect icon above. Sign Up and Get Yourself Heard! x First Name : Last Name : Email : Password : Country : Select... Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Rep. Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Isl. Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote Divoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Isl. Malvina Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Mcdonald Isl. Herzegovina Holland Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Rep. Of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Rep. Of Korea,Dem. People Rep. Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People Dem. Rep. Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, Yugoslav Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mariana Islands, Nor. Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova, Rep. Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestenian Territory Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republique Du Benin Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda S. Georgia-S. Sandwich Saint Kitts Nevis Saint Pierre-Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Lucia St. Vincent-Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Rep. Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Rep. Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos Isl. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, Brit. Wallis And Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Already a Member? Login here Or Login with Facebook Connect icon above. About Us | Pricing | Newswire | Companies To Follow | PR Tips Email | PDF Sharing Options Contact Information Robert Brown * Your First Name: * Your Last Name: * Subject: Press Release Spread Los Angeles, CA, United States Discount_Laptops Offers 100% Complete WHSS NSC Dell From Bill & Hillary Clinton White House West Wing Please mention reason for marking as inappropriate Adult Mature Unrelated Links or Products Purely Personal Copied Content Deceptive or Miscategorized Low Quality Alcohol or Drug Sales Abuse Hate Speech or Personal Attack Gambling Other Now the best opportunity for one to own a piece of USA history, Discount_laptops offers WHSSS NSC Dell laptop from the Bill & Hillary Clinton White House West Wing. Los Angeles, CA -- Aug 09, 2016 / (http://www.myprgenie.com) -- Many look forward to the best opportunity to own a piece of US history but it has always remained perplexing for one to find the best place to get such an item. All such problems come to an end with Discount_laptops offering the best opportunity for one to purchase a 100% complete WHSSS NSC Dell laptop from the Bill & Hillary Clinton White House West Wing. The entire package comes with Dell XPi CD Laptop, Dell PA-1 AC Adapter, Dell XPi Reference and Troubleshooting Guide, Microsoft Windows 95 User Manual, Certificate of Authenticity and Letter from WHSSS user. Being an awesome political collectible, this laptop was formerly owned by White House Situation Support Staff and registered by National Security Council. Bill & Hillary Clinton administration used this laptop during from 10/1997 to 01/2001. This laptop was legally purchased from the government through GSAsales, is marked unclassified and can be legally sold. With Intel Premium processor, this laptop comes with 166 MHz processor speed per core. With Windows 95 operating system, this Dell laptop also features 80 MB of RAM and is black in color. There is a cool background image of the White House that was taken by someone with access to WH grounds. All My Documents files have been deleted by former owner though. Only the CDROM was replaced due to the WH coffee spill and RAM has been upgraded to 80MB to increase speed. With the original hard drive and the CPU this is undoubtedly the best political collectible. The Dell laptop is fully functional with Windows 95 and MS Office. Adding to the convenience of the clients, the company offers free shipping within 2-3 days to United States. One can easily pay by PayPal and the purchase is protected by Bonanza purchase protection. Availing the WHSSS NSC Dell laptop from Bill Clinton White House is easier now with Discount_laptops. About Discount_laptops: Discount_laptops offers political collectible laptops at the most affordable prices online. For more information, please visit http://www.bonanza.com/listings/100-Complete-WHSSS-NSC-Dell-XPi-Laptop-from-Bill-Clinton-White-House-West-Wing/375683886 ### Contact: Discount laptops, info@bonanza.com, 000 Category: Business Analytics Word Count:384 Tags: bill clinton, laptop, computer, white house, nsc Weblinks: Sort by: Newest Oldest Comments Add a Comment: characters left Home | Pricing | Newswire | Companies To Follow | PR Tips ©2007-2016 MyPRGenie, Inc Disclaimer
Electronic Products and Technology Canada's Leading Electronics Website Subscribe Digital Edition News Products Features EPTECH Shows More Videos Industry Events Buyers Guide White Papers Digital Edition Advertise Contacts Subscribe Product Configurable embedded vision system provides reliable image capture ELMA ELECTRONIC by ELMA ELECTRONIC Categories Embedded Systems Tags vision system More Products ELMA ELECTRONIC OptiSys-5101 rugged, high performance embedded vision system incorporates four configurable camera link ports and a front-removable, multi-terabyte storage bay with SATA III interface, essential for high speed imaging data offload and transfer. Powered by an Intel Quad Core i7 processor, product provides a high definition image frame grabber suitable for optical inspection and video capture. A miniPCIe expansion site facilitates easy I/O customization. http://www.elma.com Request more information Your Name* Your Email* Company* Job Title Phone Number Message Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Print this page Tweet Related Embedded board series featuring the new Intel Core i7 processor PXI Embedded Controller, System Accessories Luna Technologies uses modular enclosures for design flexibility Rugged Rotary Encoder netCOMPONENTS Part Search Enter Part Number Search Parts Powered by More REDWIRE MOS FET relay delivers high switching capacity North American white cable is UL, CSA certified Services Digital Edition Subscribe Advertise Contacts Event organizers Like us on Facebook @EPTmagazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Subscribe to Print Trending China electronics firm to recall some U.S. products after hacking attack Gartner lists top 10 strategic technology trends for 2017 3D Printing of electronic devices to hit $420-Million IoT wearable market is ‘healthy’ Smartwatch market declines as platforms, vendors realign Infineon chip solves Rubik’s Cube in 637 milliseconds Montreal-based artificial intelligence startup factory launched Copyright Notice Feedback Sitemap © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/23/16 02:00 PM EST Trump associate plans D.C. firm By Isaac Arnsdorf On the origin of the presidential conflicts-of-interest exemption — Trump transition strays from traditional vetting Presidential Transition 11/23/16 01:49 PM EST Trump breaks streak of white, male appointments By Louis Nelson The president-elect is starting to make good on his pledge to build a diverse Cabinet. But he still has a ways to go. 11/23/16 01:39 PM EST Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million By Nolan D. McCaskill Clinton has garnered 64,223,958 votes, compared to Trump’s 62,206,395 votes. Updated 11/23/16 01:07 PM EST Trump taps Nikki Haley to be UN ambassador By Nahal Toosi and Alex Isenstadt She's a rising star in the Republican Party and is Trump’s first female appointee to a Cabinet-level post. 11/23/16 12:52 PM EST Khamenei: Iran 'will not stand idly by' if sanctions are reimposed By Yousef Saba The United States "should be aware that the Islamic Republic of Iran will not stand by idly," Khamenei added. 11/23/16 12:48 PM EST Trump selects DeVos as Education secretary By Caitlin Emma and Michael Stratford DeVos, of Grand Rapids, Mich., chairs the American Federation for Children. 11/23/16 12:48 PM EST U.S. sees spike in apprehensions along southern border By POLITICO Staff Trump made border security core to his campaign message. 11/23/16 12:37 PM EST Gingrich: Kushner may need nepotism waiver 11/23/16 12:32 PM EST Gingrich: Trump shouldn't tell DOJ to ignore Clinton's potential wrongdoing 11/23/16 12:20 PM EST Ben Carson looks like HUD choice By Matthew Nussbaum Ben Carson appears poised to be nominated as President-elect Donald Trump's secretary of Housing and Urban Development, overseeing billions of dollars... 11/23/16 12:17 PM EST Playback: Trump looks at a cabinet 11/23/16 11:35 AM EST Hannity calls on Trump to freeze out the press By Brent Griffiths Hannity openly endorsed Trump during the campaign. 11/23/16 11:12 AM EST Warren, Cummings ask GAO to look into Trump conflicts of interest By Colin Wilhelm The congressional Democrats also want GAO to review the transition effort's "disarray." 11/23/16 10:57 AM EST Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as secretary of state By Nolan D. McCaskill 'I’m still very unhappy that Mitt did everything he could to derail Donald Trump,' Huckabee said. 11/23/16 10:36 AM EST Petraeus says he would serve in Trump's administration By Yousef Saba “If you're asked, you've got to serve — put aside any reservations based on campaign rhetoric... and figure out what's best for the country,” he said. 11/23/16 10:28 AM EST Blackstone executive Jonathan Gray won't serve as Treasury secretary By Ben White “I had a terrific meeting and robust policy discussion with the president-elect. It was an honor to be considered for Treasury secretary, but I still have... 11/23/16 10:26 AM EST Professor cited in report says election results 'probably not' hacked By Madeline Conway Halderman wrote that he does not think it’s likely that the election results, which deviated from pre-election polls in those swing states in particular,... Barcelona’s war on tourists By Diego Torres Marine Le Pen’s legal headaches By Nicholas Vinocur Brexit hobbles UK growth outlook By Paul Dallison and Silvia Sciorilli Borrelli 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Restaurants cheer court block of Obama's overtime rule By Helena Bottemiller Evich Beverage makers have long road ahead on cutting calories — Iowa lawmakers want quick death for WOTUS 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST A look at Frances Townsend, potential Homeland Security secretary By Tim Starks Investigating the election — Safe online shopping guide 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST High-tech transportation world hopeful for Trump administration By Brianna Gurciullo Harold Ford Jr. surfaces as Transportation secretary candidate — Trump says Ryan and McConnell are 'in love' with him 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Texas judge blocks overtime rule By Ted Hesson Kirasnow: Trump will focus on labor force participation — Man bites dog 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Pritzker to China: More reform needed By Megan Cassella Transition ramps up for Ex-Im, Commerce — WTO Appellate Body chairman breaks his silence 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Obama techies in turmoil over sticking with Trump By Alex Byers FCC's December agenda leaves off set-top, business broadband items — E&C lawmakers floated in administration chatter 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Updated 21st Century Cures is imminent By Dan Diamond Cigna's Cordani sides with DOJ? — No correlation between political party and NIH funding 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST More bumps for the Trump Foundation By Bernie Becker Retail rebels — Where is my refund? 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Colleges vow to protect undocumented students By Benjamin Wermund Did Rhee really remove herself from Education Secretary consideration? — Oklahoma’s early ESSA plans 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST New ‘Cures’ language coming soon By David Pittman Price has secret soft side for health tech — Cybersecurity news 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Greens regroup for unexpected battle By Anthony Adragna Obama pushed to enter Dakota Access fray — Mayors vow climate progress during Trump presidency 11/23/16 09:58 AM EST Gingrich: Kushner may need nepotism waiver By Brent Griffiths Trump reignited the speculation over Kushner’s role in his administration when Trump floated the possibility that the 35-year-old could become a key broker... Presidential Transition Updated 11/23/16 09:39 AM EST Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation By Nancy Cook and Andrew Restuccia The transition team's approach is in marked contrast to that of past presidential transitions. JPMC - Friday Cover - 11/25/16 - Next Mission for Veteran Entrepreneurs 11/23/16 09:30 AM EST BROWN and Legislature nix transportation session -- FACEBOOK’s China accommodation -- Putin’s favorite congressman 11/23/16 09:23 AM EST Poll: Voters take a dim view of Trump's campaign promises By Nolan D. McCaskill Fifty-five percent oppose his plan to build a wall on the border with Mexico. 11/23/16 08:54 AM EST Gingrich: Trump shouldn't tell DOJ to ignore Clinton's potential wrongdoing By Nolan D. McCaskill Gingrich said his reaction to Trump’s reversal “depends on exactly what he meant.” 11/23/16 08:30 AM EST Trump talks Mattis, waterboarding, Syria By Jeremy Herb Canada pushes back F-35 decision — Al-Qaeda figure killed in U.S. airstrike 11/23/16 08:00 AM EST Meet Bill Walton By Ben White and Andrew Hanna Harold Ford for Trump team? — TCH on FSB — Fed minutes prep 11/23/16 07:59 AM EST McSALLY EYES HOMELAND GAVEL – Putin’s favorite congressman – BIDEN NIXES DNC RUMORS – Trump on GOP leaders: ‘They’re in love with me’ – AFL-CIO BACKS PELOSI 11/23/16 07:42 AM EST Trumpsition Day 14: What does Haley pick portend? By Matthew Nussbaum Haley, who met with Trump last week, helps to round out Trump’s foreign affairs team. 11/23/16 07:36 AM EST Looking back on LAQUAN MCDONALD -- NUKE bailout deal in the works -- LAWMAKERS launch hearing on group home abuse LAWMAKERS launch hearing on group home abuse 11/23/16 07:32 AM EST TIMES gets Trump on the record -- ALICIA GLEN on infrastructure hopes -- AIRBNB drops state suit AIRBNB drops state suit 11/23/16 07:21 AM EST INTRIGUE: BANNON AND MARK CUBAN HUDDLE in NYC -- Nikki Haley to the U.N. -- Harold Ford Jr. talking to TRUMP world -- INSIDE TRUMP VETTING OP -- B’DAY: Geoff Morrell By Anna Palmer, Jake Sherman and Daniel Lippman 11/23/16 07:12 AM EST SETTI calls boosting Baker-challenge war chest -- ROMNEY tops TRUMP State list -- THANKSGIVING convo survival tips THANKSGIVING convo survival tips 11/23/16 07:08 AM EST WISNIEWSKI launches campaign -- CHRISTIE changes course on tax reciprocity -- NEW ASSEMBLYMAN in District 40 NEW ASSEMBLYMAN in District 40 11/23/16 06:53 AM EST Poll: Obama's approval rating highest in seven years By Nolan D. McCaskill Obama enjoys a post-election approval rating of 57 percent. Washington And The World 11/23/16 05:10 AM EST Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? By Daniel Benjamin I was at State when we took the MeK off the terrorist list. But team Trump’s ties to the group still worry me. Presidential Transition 11/23/16 05:07 AM EST Trump gets to pick his own auditor By Katy O'Donnell Lawyers say there's nothing to stop him from appointing an IRS chief who will go easy on him. Presidential Transition 11/23/16 05:06 AM EST Trump owes ethics exemption to George H.W. Bush By Josh Gerstein In a late-'80s overhaul of federal ethics, the president got a break from conflict of interest laws. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation Trump owes ethics exemption to George H.W. Bush Trump gets to pick his own auditor Putin’s favorite congressman Texas court blocks overtime rule The Cure for Fake News Is Worse Than the Disease Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print GOP defense hawks take on Trump By Jeremy Herb 08/09/16 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro, Austin Wright, Connor O’Brien and Ellen Mitchell GOP DEFENSE HAWKS TAKE ON TRUMP — 50 REPUBLICAN OFFICIALS SAY TRUMP A ‘RISK’ TO NATIONAL SECURITY, in the latest example of GOP hawks aligning with the #nevertrump crowd. POLITICO’s Tyler Pager has more here: “Donald Trump's effort to appeal to establishment Republicans suffered another setback on Monday as 50 senior GOP national security officials warned in a new letter that Trump would "risk our country’s national security and well-being.” Story Continued Below “The signatories of the letter, which was first reported by The New York Times, all worked in Republican administrations, with many serving as top aides to President George W. Bush. They said none of them would be voting for Trump. ‘Trump lacks the character, values, and experience to be President,’ they wrote. ‘He weakens U.S. moral authority as the leader of the free world.’ … The letter signers include Michael Hayden, the former director of the CIA and the National Security Agency, two former secretaries of homeland security, and John Negroponte, who served as director of national intelligence and deputy secretary of state. None of the living Republican former secretaries of state signed the letter. — SPEAKING OF THOSE REPUBLICAN SECRETARIES OF STATE… Clinton’s campaign is eying them, reports our colleague Nahal Toosi: “As Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign reaches out to Republicans alarmed by Donald Trump's national security blunders, there’s a group of high-profile GOP hold-outs whose endorsement would be a major coup if the Democrat could win them over. Condoleezza Rice, James Baker, George Shultz and Henry Kissinger are among a handful of so-called Republican ‘elders’ with foreign policy and national security experience — people who have held Cabinet-level or otherwise high-ranking positions in past administrations — who have yet to come out for or against Trump.” — COLLINS JOINS SENATORS OPPOSING TRUMP: Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post Monday, outlining why she's not voting for Trump for president. — PARENTS OF TWO AMERICANS KILLED IN BENGHAZI SUE CLINTON, via the NYT: “The parents of two Americans killed in the 2012 attack on a United States diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, filed a lawsuit on Monday against Hillary Clinton, saying that her ‘‘extreme carelessness’ in handling confidential and classified information’ while secretary of state contributed to the conditions that led to their sons’ deaths. In the wrongful-death lawsuit, Patricia Smith and Charles Woods allege that the attack that killed four Americans, including their sons, Sean Smith and Tyrone Woods, ‘was directly and proximately caused, at a minimum’ by Mrs. Clinton’s use of a private email server while in the State Department.” HAPPY TUESDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we’re always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro. HAPPENING TODAY — NELLER AT CSIS: Marine Corps Commandant Gen. Robert Neller speaks this morning at a forum on maritime security hosted by the Center for Strategic and International Studies and U.S. Naval Institute. He’ll discuss the current challenges facing U.S. maritime forces and what the landscape will look like over the next decade. A DEADLY BLAST IN PAKISTAN — DEATH TOLL RISES ABOVE 70 AS TWO GROUPS CLAIM RESPONSIBILITY, via The Washington Post: “A gruesome suicide bombing at midday Monday left at least 70 people dead outside a hospital in the southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta, most of them lawyers who had rushed there to protest and mourn the earlier killing of a local bar-association leader. The Khorasan branch of the Islamic State, a regional affiliate of the Mideast-based Sunni Islamist militant group, asserted responsibility for the blast in telephone calls to journalists in Pakistan. But a separate Pakistani militant splinter group, Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, issued an online statement claiming it had carried out the bombing.” THE FIGHT FOR ALEPPO — IRAN-BACKED MILITIAS DEPLOY TO JOIN THE FIGHT, reports The Associated Press: “Iran-backed militant groups from Lebanon and Iraq are deploying hundreds of additional fighters to front lines in the Syrian city of Aleppo, Iranian media and militia officials said Monday, after Syrian rebels breached a government-imposed siege and cut a key government route to the contested city over the weekend. “The reinforcements by at least four groups, described by officials and state media as ‘elite,’ will shore up Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces there as fighting over control of the city intensifies. Rebels breached the Syrian government siege on opposition neighborhoods in the city of Aleppo Saturday, opening a corridor in the south and marking a major military breakthrough.” — U.S., RUSSIA CLASH OVER HUMANITARIAN AID AT UN, writes Reuters: “The United Nations Security Council must not allow civilians on both sides of the Syrian city of Aleppo to be cut off from humanitarian aid, the United States said on Monday as Russia accused Washington of politicizing a humanitarian issue. … The United States, Britain, France, New Zealand and Ukraine organized an informal Security Council meeting on Aleppo on Monday with briefings by a ‘White Helmet’ rescue worker and two U.S.-based doctors from the Syrian American Medical Society who recently returned from Aleppo.” TURKISH COUP FALLOUT — WASHINGTON THINK TANK NOW ACCUSED OF ORCHESTRATING FAILED COUP, reports Foreign Policy: “The Turkish government has arrested or detained tens of thousands of soldiers, police officers, academics, and journalists in the wake of last month’s failed coup attempt. Some supporters of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan have a new target: a prominent Washington think tank. The Woodrow Wilson Center, a nonpartisan organization founded in 1968, is facing a wave of criticisms over its alleged — and wholly unproven — role in orchestrating last month’s failed putsch, which killed more than 200 people and injured more than 1,000.” “The accusations against the Wilson Center, appearing on the front page of mainstream newspapers linked to Erdogan, prompted the think tank to take the unusual step of issuing a statement of concern about ‘possible reprisals’ to researchers and scholars that attended a July conference in Turkey organized by the think tank. The conspiracy theories against the Wilson Center were sparked, in part, by the fact that its July 15-17 event occurred on the exact same weekend as the coup attempt.” POLITICO PRO Q&A: REP. MARK TAKANO: Our colleague Connor O’Brien recently chatted with the new top Democrat on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee: “Rep. Mark Takano is just finishing his second term, but is now by a twist of legal fate leading House Democrats on veterans' issues. The California Democrat was named acting ranking member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee in July, replacing Rep. Corrine Brown of Florida, who stepped down after she was indicted on federal corruption charges. She's awaiting trial this fall. “When Congress returns from its long summer break after Labor Day, Takano plans to push back on Republican legislation that would make it easier to fire employees at the Department of Veterans Affairs, which Democrats contend would endanger whistleblowers and make the VA an at-will employer. A former teacher, Takano is also calling for greater protections for veterans against predatory practices by for-profit colleges. And while he hasn't said whether he'll seek a full term as the Democratic leader on the panel, the congressman isn't ruling anything out.” The full Q&A is here, for Pros. INDUSTRY INTEL — ARMY OUTLINES DCGS PROCUREMENT PLAN AMID LAWSUIT: In a new report to Congress, the Army outlines its plan for buying the next phase of its controversial battlefield intelligence network, the Distributed Common Ground System. The report, required under the fiscal 2016 National Defense Authorization Act and obtained by POLITICO, says a single vendor will be the "system architect, developer and integrator" for the second phase of the project, called DCGS Increment 2. Other contractors will bid to sell software that can be used within the system. In an appendix, the report also lists commercial software products that could satisfy certain requirements of the larger system. The secretive Silicon Valley firm Palantir is suing the Army in federal court over the service's Increment 2 acquisition strategy. Palantir contends the Army should be using a "phased approach" that would allow providers of existing commercial software to bid for prime contracts for certain aspects of the larger system, rather than having one prime contractor be the architect of the system. — LAWMAKERS DEFEND DCGS: Six lawmakers are defending the Army’s battlefield intelligence network, voicing “serious concerns” with two provisions in the NDAA targeting DCGS. Calling the language a “forced procurement” of rival commercial software, the lawmakers write in a letter to the leaders of the House and Senate Armed Services Committees that the provisions would “undermine the development of an integrated system and unduly limit competition” for the next increment of DCGS. The letter, signed by three senators and three congressmen, argues the NDAA language “will prevent or severely delay much needed improvements” to the currently fielded DCGS Increment 1. The full letter is here, for Pros. SPEED READ — New photos cast doubt on Chinese President Xi Jinping’s vow that China would not militarize the disputed islands in the South China Sea: NYT — Japan warns its ties with China are “deteriorating” over Beijing’s stance in the South China Sea: Reuters — Turkey’s Recep Tayyip Erdogan meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow today, where the leaders are expected to reconsider their dispute over Syria: NYT — Tens of thousands of Brazilian security forces have a constant presence around the Olympics: NYT — Two years of anti-ISIL airstrikes have redrawn the Iraqi map in several ways: AP — An American and an Australian have been kidnapped in Kabul: USA Today — Turkey’s justice minister warns the U.S. should not “sacrifice” its alliance to protect the Muslim cleric Ankara accuses of orchestrating the last month’s failed coup attempt: AP — Germany and the Netherlands will test joint operations of their Patriot system: Reuters — Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and Raytheon are working on an “Americanized” version of the Iron Dome: Defense News — IDs issued by certain states will no longer get people into Air Force bases: Military Times — The Navy and Marines will begin accepting transgender troops no later than July 2017: Military.com « View Archives Authors: Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million The 229-year-old sentence liberals hope will sink Trump Trump taps Nikki Haley to be UN ambassador Conservatives put Trump on notice 15 Trump Flip-Flops in 15 Days Judge faults State over Clinton visitor records Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? Trump Foundation acknowledges violating 'self-dealing' ban Cardin to push resolution on Trump's financial conflicts Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 11/23/16 Tuesday, 11/22/16 Monday, 11/21/16 Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine 15 Trump Flip-Flops in 15 Days By Ruairí Arrieta-Kenna How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? By Daniel Benjamin Abolish the Office of the First Lady By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Banking & Financial Services | Networks | Surveys, Polls and Research BFSI Dominates Cloud Infrastructure Market - 12.9% CAGR to 2022 PUNE, India, August 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The cloud infrastructure market is projected to be valued at $209.66 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 12.9% driven by increasing ICT spending as well as big data and analytics trends, while BFSI industry is set to hold the largest share of the cloud infrastructure market. Complete report on global cloud infrastructure market spread across 209 pages, profiling 12 companies and supported with 93 tables and 69 figures is now available http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/646508-cloud-infrastructure-market-by-type-hardware-server-storage-switch-services-platform-as-a-service-infrastructure-as-a-service-content-application-delivery-network-managed-hosting-colocation-end-user-industry-geography-global-forecast-to-2022.html . The cloud infrastructure market, comprising hardware as well as services, is growing at a rapid pace. The growth of this market is mainly caused by increasing ICT spending and trend of big data and analytics; rising demand from various organizations for agile, scalable, and cost-effective computing; increasing number of digital services and their applications; and high penetration of hybrid cloud.    The BFSI industry comprises banks, insurance companies, & stock-brokers, and deals with large workforce, assets in different locations, and diverse customer profiles. In today's scenario, the economic and financial sector reform has strengthened its automation heling expansion of IT and cloud infrastructure market. This has transformed not only the operating environment for banks and financial institutions but also played a significant role in structuring and strengthening the economy of the countries such as Brazil, the UAE, and India. Thus, the cloud infrastructure hardware market for the BFSI industry is growing significantly. In Latin America, cloud services are increasing adopted across various sectors such as healthcare, banking and financial services, insurance, retail, manufacturing, and others. In this region, countries such as Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Chile, and Peru have huge market opportunities for cloud-based services such as consulting, deployment and system integration, and support & maintenance. The driving factor for the rising adoption of cloud infrastructure market and cloud-based services in this region is the nascence of IT digitalization, which means huge volume as well as high velocity of digital data generation in the coming time. This would require high-end and secured cloud-based solutions to be deployed using superior quality cloud services. The key cloud infrastructure market players profiled in this report IBM Corporation (U.S.), Hewlett-Packard (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Dell, Inc. (U.S.), EMC Corporation (U.S.), NetApp, Inc. (U.S.), AWS (Amazon Web Services) (U.S.), Alphabet Inc. (Google) (U.S.), Salesforce.com (U.S.), Intel Corporation (U.S.), Lenovo Group Limited (U.S.), AT&T, Inc. (U.S.), Rackspace (U.S.), Oracle Corporation (U.S.), Quanta Computer Inc. (Taiwan), Foxconn Technology Group (Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd.) (Taiwan). Order a copy of Cloud Infrastructure Market by Type (Hardware: Server, Storage, Switch, Services: Platform as a Service, Infrastructure as a service, Content/Application Delivery Network, Managed Hosting, Colocation), End-User Industry & Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 research report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=646508 . In the process of determining and verifying, the cloud infrastructure market for several segments and sub segments gathered through secondary research, extensive primary interviews were conducted with key people. In Tier 1 (34%), Tier 2 (40%) and Tier 3 (26%) companies were contacted for primary interviews. The interviews were conducted with various key people such as C Level (32%), Director Level (28%) and others (40%) from various key organizations operating in the global cloud infrastructure market. The primary interviews were conducted worldwide covering regions such as North America (40%), Europe (30%), Asia-Pacific (20%) and Rest of World (10%). On a related note, another research on Cloud Collaboration Market Global Forecast to 2021 says, Emerging trend of mobility and Bring-Your-Own-Device (BYOD) is driving the cloud collaboration market. The enterprise social collaboration solution is expected to gain the maximum traction during the forecast period. Latin America is expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period. The market size is estimated to grow from USD 23.39 billion in 2016 to USD 42.57 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 12.7% from 2016 to 2021. Companies like IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Cisco Systems, Google Inc., Oracle Corporation, Salesforce.com, Jive Software, Intralink Holdings, Inc., Mitel Networks and Box have been profiled in this 138 pages research report available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/328427-cloud-collaboration-market-by-solution-enterprise-content-management-document-management-system-unified-communication-project-management-enterprise-social-collaboration-worldwide-forecast-and-analysis-2014-2019-.html . Explore more reports on the IT & Telecommunication market at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/information-technology/ . About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune - 411013 Maharashtra, India. +1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us on: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ReportsnReports/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter:https: //twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts RSS/Feeds: http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports More by this Source Polyacrylamide Market Led by Anionic Polyacrylamide to Exhibit 6.8% CAGR to 2021 16:45 GMT World Mobile Coupons Market to Grow at 73.14% CAGR to 2020 16:00 GMT Size of Portable Printers Market Analysed with Product Supply, New Project, Investment Feasibility and Return 2016 - 2021 15:00 GMT View all news by ReportsnReports Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
REV Asia Network News Business Insider SAYS.com Lifestyle & Entertainment Juice Hanger 8Share KLIPS OHBULAN! Toggle navigation Business Insider Singapore Tech Finance Entertainment Politics Strategy The Life Search for: Search Tech One of Apple’s biggest weaknesses is becoming a strength Kif Leswing Tech Aug. 8, 2016, 10:14 PM Andy Hertzfeld Apple, famous as the computing company that likes to “think different,” is going corporate.  In fact, nearly half of all iPads are bought by corporations and governments, according to a Forrester estimate included in a feature about Apple’s enterprise strength.  Since teaming up with IBM  in 2014 to sell iPhones and iPads to big Fortune 500 companies, Apple’s products have become the “preferred mobile computing devices for corporations,” reports the Times. Companies like British Airways deploy as many as 40 custom iPad apps for flight attendants, pilots, and airline workers. These apps allow the airline to, say, rebook a passenger or check a passenger manifest. British Airways has already bought 17,000 iPads for its workers and is looking to buy more.  Many enterprise apps are developed by IBM, which has created 100 enterprise apps for over 2000 companies, and now generates more than half a billion dollars from Apple-related services. IBM has made apps for insurance companies, retailers, and other specific industries. One of the reasons why businesses have decided to embrace iPhones and iPads is that Apple’s security is superior to Android’s, thanks to the way Apple controls both the hardware and software.  It’s quite a turnaround for Apple, which is seeking new sources of revenue as sales have dropped on an annual basis for the past two quarters. Apple’s always sold computers to businesses, but while CEO Steve Jobs was in charge from 1998 to 2011, the company was significantly more focused on consumers. Aside from the famous photo of Jobs flipping off the IBM logo, there’s one fun anecdote that hammers the change home. Back in 2008, Jobs called chief information officers, the people who buy computers for big businesses, “orifices,” according to a story told by VMWare CEO Patrick Gelsinger: “I went with (former Intel CEO Paul) Otellini to meet with Jobs and his lieutenants. We go into this meeting and say Steve, let’s work together to make your Macs better for enterprise customers. Jobs looks at us and says ‘why would I do anything for that orifice called the CIO?’ At Intel we’re aghast; two-thirds of our business is that orifice called the CIO. He went on to say ‘I’m going to build devices that are irresistible for consumers, and CIOs will just have to deal with it.”   NOW WATCH: How different camera lenses affect how you appear in photos Please enable Javascript to watch this video Share ​ ​ Tagged In AndroidAppleAppsenterpriseiPadSteve JobsTech Discuss Get Business Insider Emails Subscribe Business Insider Singapore Contact Editor Got A Story Tip? Report Issue Most Commented It’s as if the entire world is attacking the casino industry It’s still cheaper for most people to own a car than use Uber Toggle navigation © 2016 REV Asia About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Business Insider International × Business Insider International Business Insider US Business Insider Malaysia Business Insider Singapore Business Insider Indonesia Business Insider Australia Business Insider India
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-Edition Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Member Rewards subscribe COLUMN: Corruption continues to define Hillary's character Monday Aug 8, 2016 at 11:53 AM Aug 8, 2016 at 11:54 AM This column is a plea to all the Marines and sailors who haven’t registered to vote or who are registered but may feel casting a vote doesn’t matter. I have news: Your vote does matter and it is extremely important that you exercise your franchise this November because your life may hinge on who is elected as this nation’s 45th president. To understand the gravity of the situation I’m about to describe to you, one must have a basic knowledge of several things — all involving the Democratic Party’s nominee for president, Hillary Rodham Clinton. She, her husband Bill and daughter Chelsea are the three directors of the Clinton Foundation and its subsidiary the Clinton Global Initiative, a nonprofit established in 2005 that “convenes global leaders to create and implement innovative solutions to the world’s most pressing challenges,” according to its website. This lofty mission statement, loosely translated, actually means the CF and the CGI are convenient repositories through which international countries and foreign agents can channel money — ostensibly to use for humanitarian endeavors — but in reality as a way to curry favor with the U.S. via Hillary Clinton’s State Department and, as they hope, a Hillary Clinton White House. Since its founding, the Clinton Foundation has received more than $2 billion in cash and pledges, according to a Feb. 18, 2015, Washington Post article on the Clintons. But not every dollar pressed into Bill’s palm makes its way to needy hands. In a New York Post story published April 26, 2015, staff writer Isabel Vincent wrote: “The Clinton family’s mega-charity took in more than $140 million in grants and pledges in 2013 but spent just $9 million on direct aid. The group spent the bulk of its windfall on administration, travel, salaries and bonuses, with the fattest payouts going to family friends. On its 2013 tax forms, the most recent available, the foundation claimed it spent $30 million on payroll and employee benefits; $8.7 million in rent and office expenses; $9.2 million on conferences, conventions and meetings; $8 million on fundraising; and nearly $8.5 million on travel. In all, the group reported $84.6 million in “functional expenses” on its 2013 tax return and had more than $64 million left over — money the organization has said represents pledges rather than actual cash on hand.” Hillary Clinton was U.S. Secretary of State from January 2009 until February 2013. Now add the state of American / Russian relations in 2009 when President Barack Obama announced after a state visit to the communist country a need for a “reset” in the two countries’ relationship with one another and the formation of the U.S.–Russian Bilateral Presidential Commission. The U.S. delegation was headed by Secretary Clinton and the Russian side was represented by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov. The intent of the endeavor was to increase peaceful cooperation through joint projects involving international security, economic initiatives and strengthening social ties between Americans and Russians. The incubator for much of this collaboration was centered in the Moscow suburb of Skolkova, a small town with half the population of Jacksonville. Skolkova is Russian President Vladimir Putin’s pet-project of turning this tiny enclave into the equivalent of America’s Silicon Valley. Putin anted up $5 billion to finance Skolkova while Secretary Clinton recruited American companies such as Google, Cisco and Intel plus nearly two dozen venture capitalist. In 2012, after a letter of understanding was drafted, more than 28 partners were identified as committed to the project. And what shouldn’t come as a surprise for anyone who has followed Bonnie and Clod Clinton from their days at Yale, through Little Rock, Ark. and Washington, D.C., of the 28 entities, 17 of them are on record contributing tens of millions of dollars to CF and CGI in the form of outright donations or payments to former President Bill Clinton for speeches. But as money was flowing like water from well-heeled U.S. companies, venture capitalists and Russian investors, including the Kremlin, research and development taking place inside the communist “Silicon Valley’ was raising red flags with U.S. intelligence agencies. Since 2011, U.S. analysts believed Skolkova engineers were developing military components including a hypersonic cruise missile engine, delivering lethal munitions to strike anywhere in the world within 60 minutes from launch. Imagine this capability in the hands of Putin, his proxies or rogue nations or terrorist groups? The Federal Bureau of Investigation warned state department officials, including Secretary Clinton, of the dual role they believed was unfolding in Skolkovo. Those concerns were ignored by Secretary Clinton either because she had faith in Putin’s promise of only good intentions emanating from the high-tech collaboration or that she didn’t want to curtail the flow of money from wealthy Skolkova participants to the CF and CGI. The Clintons’ greed channeled through their nefarious foundation has surely made them all uber-wealthy; but their avarice may have given our enemies the ability to develop lethal weapons that members of the armed forces could confront someday on the battlefield. The Clintons have a long history of self-gratification at the expense of others, from Hillary’s 1,000-percent return on a cattle-futures contract, their involvement in the Arkansas land deal called Whitewater to the Clinton Global Initiative, an entity that when the light of truth is shined upon it may bring new meaning and raise the bar in the pay-to-play arena. A wise man once told me — Charlie Smith, are your ears ringing? — “Zebras don’t change their stripes.” Hillary Clinton has proven through her tenure as secretary of state that she does not have the best interests of America at heart — think Benghazi and now, it appears, Skolkovo. Her motives are and have always been-self-serving, which is why she has remained tethered to her partner in crime, Bill Clinton. Hillary Clinton certainly has not earned a reset on her character and does not deserve to be elected president of the United States and commander-in-chief. And so, to my active duty and retired friends: Please take the time to register to vote and when Nov. 8 rolls around make time to cast your vote. Your survival, as well as the survival of your country, may depend on who wins in November. Swansboro resident Mike McHugh is an advertising account executive with The Daily News. Readers can email him at: mike.mchugh@jdnews.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Subscribe Subscriber Services Contact Us Newsletters & Alerts Advertising Place an Ad Legal Notices Classified Ads Media Kit News NIE ePaper Letters to the Editor Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Daily News ~ 724 Bell Fork Road, Jacksonville, NC 28540 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Military Local News Crime First Responders Friday Heroin In Other News Election 2016 Databases Election 2016 Sports Auto Racing Lifestyle Celebrations Entertainment Facebook Wallpapers Food Neighbors The Neighborhood Obituaries Opinion Submit a Letter to the Editor Editorial Cartoon Letters Our Opinion Columns InfoCenter JPD Response Calls Salaries Mugshots On The Run Sex Offender Registry Business My Onslow More Photos Videos Calendar Lottery Results NIE The Click Games Contests Member Rewards Branded Content Submit your news Legals Subscriber e-Edition Subscriber Services Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Wednesday 23 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Analysis, Interviews, Opinions   » SPECIAL REPORT Zarate: Autonomous cars a major part of the driving evolution in the Middle East Autonomous driving market seen at $560bn DUBAI, August 9, 2016 As the market segment of autonomous cars grows both globally and in the region, it will trigger a significant change in the value chain with OEMs and suppliers vying for a share in the $560 billion market, an industry expert said. “Recent innovations and disruptive technology will make autonomous driving a reality in the foreseeable future with fascinating new mobility features and potential efficiency and safety benefits,” said Salvador Zarate, partner, A T Kearney, a global management consulting firm. “We are seeing some Middle East countries making moves to embrace smart cities, with autonomous cars a major part of that evolution,” he added, commenting on A T Kearney’s new study titled ‘How Automakers Can Survive the Self-Driving Era’. Key findings from the report are based on interviews with more than 150 automotive decision-makers around the world. A T Kearney consultants sought to identify the products, services and partner strategies with which OEMs and suppliers can win the autonomous driving race. The report stated that the newly emerging autonomous driving chain includes a variety of players, from component suppliers and software integrators to infrastructure and data providers. Many of these firms currently operate in different business fields, but the report outlined that all of these players would be competing for the same market once the autonomous car revolution evolves. The report forecasts a break-up in the auto industry as it is today. Alongside OEMs, service providers will also create their own fast-growing and independent industry. As early as 2025, their consumption-dependent revenues and revenues from entertainment, multimedia and information offerings could already exceed what traditional OEMs earn with optional extras. Forecasts indicate that the vehicle market itself will split into three segments: premium, low-cost and drones. "The business models of mid-range providers like Toyota, VW, SEAT and Citroën are being called into question," said Michael Römer, head of Digital Business Europe, Middle East and Africa at A T Kearney and co-founder of A T Kearney Digital Labs. "Following the example set by technology pioneers such as GM, BMW and Ford, automakers need to forge strategic alliances with partners outside the industry if they want to deliver attractive telematics solutions, for example." Even premium names of the calibre of Audi, Porsche, Mercedes-Benz and BMW depend on external expertise. Up to now, much of their success has been attributable to collaboration with technology-leading suppliers. In the new 'hub-and-spoke' architecture, where mobility services can only be provided if various players work together, they need to find the right partners for content, applications, connectivity and device. Initial examples substantiate this development: Only a few days ago, BMW announced plans to cooperate with Intel and Mobileye. The Munich-based group says it wants to launch the first self-steering vehicle on the market in 2021. For its part, Daimler is already cooperating with a raft of providers in camera technology and sensor systems. The study suggests that the autonomous driving era opens up an array of lucrative options for suppliers such as Bosch, ZF/TRW, Continental and Schaeffler. These companies are working their way up the existing supplier pyramid and could either replace OEMs as hardware vendors or position themselves as independent suppliers of software or software components. At the same time, new players – digital groups such as Google, Apple, Facebook, Cisco and Microsoft, but also companies such as Samsung, Siemens and Deutsche Telekom – are also forcing their way onto the market. More generally, the study also emphasised the social benefits of autonomous mobility – an aspect that has so far attracted too little attention. It claims the number of traffic accidents could be slashed by 70 per cent, while less mechanical strain could cut vehicle maintenance costs by around 35 per cent. Lastly, the use of alternative drive systems as well as swarms and convoys on the roads could also reduce fuel consumption by about a third. “OEMs are doing their bit. Now it is up to governments and the consumers to help pioneer mobility concepts make the breakthrough in the Middle East. We can already see autonomous driving concepts in the region that has a strong car culture, but the success of this innovative concept depends on the collaborative efforts of all players involved,” concluded Zarate. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: | OEM | More Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Stories Top 10 investment ideas for 2017 Nearly half the world goes online in 2016 8 big travel predictions for 2017 Logistics firms ‘can boost growth via new avenues’ Biometric wearables to transform automotive sector Digital transformation – Ocean of a difference Mena M&A deals fall 24 per cent in third quarter 5G subscriptions to reach half a billion in 2022 Turning data chaos into value via digital change UAE Bankruptcy Law a 'life support' for businesses GCC can become 'world’s major e-commerce market' Crystal-gazing consumer spending in Saudi Arabia Trump has opportunity to advance growth policies 5G set to be a game-changer for networked society Demonetisation 'could add $18bn to Indian banking system' UAE employees look for flexible working hours Waste generated in GCC to hit 120m tonnes a year Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
null
null
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops News MacBook Pro Overhaul to Bring Touch ID Power Button, Oled Function Keys: Reports  Shekhar Thakran, 09 August 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Touch ID to be incorporated with power button on MacBook Pro MacBook Pro is rumoured to feature Oled touch-sensitive function keys The models are expected to be launched this fall In May this year, noted KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said that Apple's MacBook Pro lineup will get the most significant upgrade among all of company's devices in 2016. He claimed there will be two new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro laptops introduced in Q4, and that they will come with the an Oled display panel above the keyboard that will act as a replacement for the physical function keys. Now, 9to5Google has citing a 'reliable source' claims the new MacBook Pro models will sport a Touch ID power button, apart from the Oled function-key panel. The MacBook Pro models are expected to be launched this fall. As noted, the KGI report from earlier this year had mentioned Touch ID support would be present in the new MacBook laptops, but lacked the specifics about the feature. Now Touch ID is said to be incorporated into the power button itself, as it is with home button on recent iPhone models.The KGI analyst also claimed that the new MacBook Pro lineup will adopt USB Type-C (or USB-C as Apple calls it) and ThunderBolt 3 in addition to faster Intel Skylake processors. The new models are also expected to sport sport AMD's new 400-series Polaris graphic cards as per the report by KGI. The 12-inch MacBook launched in April marked the introduction of Intel's new Skylake architecture, had faster RAM, an improved battery life, and came with a new Rose Gold colour variant Tags: Apple, Laptops, MacBook Pro, MacBook Touch ID Rocket Internet-Backed Foodpanda Turns Profit in 2 of Its 3 Regions Facebook 'Express Wifi' Service Being Tested in India MacBook Pro Overhaul to Bring Touch ID Power Button, Oled Function Keys: Reports     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Ziox Mobiles Zelfie Intex Aqua E4 HTC Desire 650 Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Ziox Mobiles Astra Prism Ziox Mobiles Astra Zing+ Huawei Mate 9 Lite Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Asus E202SA-FD011D 11.6 I... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 16,666Rs. 16,120 HP 14-AM090TU Z4Q60PA 14 ... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 39,800Rs. 36,499 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Celkon Millennia Q599 Ufe... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 3,299 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Imagining the iPhone 8 With No Home Button Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Advertisement Recent Don’t Know What to Buy During the Steam Black Friday Sale? Read This Sony A99 II Flagship SLT Camera Now Available in India 'Solid Beta' of Android 7.0 Nougat Now Available for Nextbit Robin Users WhatsApp Now Lets You Stream Shared Videos While Downloading Demonetisation, Seasonality to Keep Indian PC Market Sluggish, Says IDC New App Performance Class Symbol for SD Cards Will Reduce Confusion Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Tipped to Sport 5-inch HD Display, 16GB Storage Xiaomi Launches Mi Wi-Fi Speaker With Voice Control New and Improved Google Sites Now Live for All G Suite Users No Transaction Fee on Debit Card Payments Till December 31 More News TRENDING Don’t Know What to Buy During the Steam Black Friday Sale? Read This Here’s When You Can Buy PC Games Cheap on Steam During Black Friday Final Fantasy XV First Impressions: A Welcome Surprise 'This Is Just Noise': Paytm's Vijay Shekhar on Old Notes Ban Criticism Flipkart Says Over 1 Million Redmi 3S Units Sold in Less Than 4 Months PM Modi’s App Trends, Paytm's POS Move, and More: Your 360 Daily The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 20,000 How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers Modi Keynote App Developers Explain Why They Removed the App Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 19,067 +43.21 +0.23% Nasdaq 5,370 -15.92 -0.30% S&P 500 2,202 -0.87 -0.04% 3:28 P.M. ET Updated Here’s when markets close on Black Friday 3:24 P.M. ET Updated The top Black Friday strategies that will land you the best shopping deals 3:20 P.M. ET Updated Stock market’s record November shouldn’t scare off Santa Claus 3:20 P.M. ET How to prepare for Cyber Monday 3:11 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock plunge shaving off about $8.4 bln in market cap 3:10 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock tumbles 10%, heads toward biggest one-day drop since Oct. 9, 2008 3:08 P.M. ET ‘Moana’ rides wave of family film success into potential blockbuster Thanksgiving weekend 3:07 P.M. ET Updated Dow industrials take more than 480 trading days to go from 18,000 to 19,000 3:06 P.M. ET Updated T-Mobile’s accounting slammed by investor group in letter to SEC 3:04 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends lower as traders weigh supply decline, rig count rise and OPEC 3:02 P.M. ET Bed Bath & Beyond expects deal to slightly boost FY16 earnings 3:02 P.M. ET Bed Bath & Beyond agrees to buy PersonalizationMall.com for $190 mln in cash 3:01 P.M. ET Updated Why the sugar rush for stocks isn’t done yet 3:00 P.M. ET Eli Lilly's stock price target cut to $92 from $102 at Leerink 2:54 P.M. ET Navidea Biopharmaceuticals' stock halted for news pending 2:51 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: The Nikki Haley 2:51 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: Another Judicial Rebuke 2:51 P.M. ET Updated This revolution will continue to hammer energy prices 2:50 P.M. ET Opinion Journal: Crisis in South Korea 2:48 P.M. ET Updated Dollar index hits 13-year high after upbeat U.S. durable-goods data Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Press Release CONNECTIONS(TM) Europe Features Keynotes From Allianz, Amazon, Nest, Panasonic, and SmartThings By Published: Aug 9, 2016 3:00 a.m. ET Share DALLAS, TX, Aug 09, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- 11th-Annual Conference to Address IoT and Smart Home Strategies DALLAS, TX--(Marketwired - Aug 9, 2016) - Parks Associates will host the 11th-annual CONNECTIONS™ Europe: Smart Home, IoT, and the Connected Consumer on 2-3 November 2016 at the NH Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky, Amsterdam. The firm's analysts will lead panel discussions on the impact of IoT, cloud services, and smart home technologies on the consumer. Confirmed keynotes for the conference include executives from Allianz Worldwide Partners, Amazon, Nest, Panasonic, and SmartThings. "Smart home device penetration in Western Europe is roughly 15% of broadband households," said Stuart Sikes, President, Parks Associates. "In addition to safety and security applications, use cases in energy management and home monitoring, offered by residential security providers, energy utilities, retailers, and insurance providers, have helped drive smart home adoption in European countries. At CONNECTIONS™ Europe, global leaders Amazon, SmartThings, Nest, Allianz Worldwide Partners, and Panasonic will discuss new IoT solutions and their strategies to drive consumer adoption and monetization of these connected technologies." CONNECTIONS™ Europe is a two-day executive conference focused on innovative business strategies, new crossover industry partnerships, and advancements in Wi-Fi and broadband network technologies. The 2016 Keynote Speakers include: David Bailey, Vice President, Marketing Communications, SmartThings François Girodolle, Head of Product Partnerships, Nest Europe, Nest Labs, Inc. David Isbitski, Chief Evangelist Alexa and Echo, Amazon Dr. Steffen Krotsch, Director, Allianz Worldwide Partners David Tuerk, General Manager, Smart Home & Telecom Europe, Panasonic "Allianz Worldwide Partners and Panasonic's first integrated product comprised of smart home technology and smart services is providing added value for our end users," said David Tuerk, General Manager Smart Home & Telecom Europe, Panasonic. "We are excited to participate in CONNECTIONS™ Europe and share our insights on this new offering. The solution includes sensors to detect burglary, glass break or water leak, a 24/7 surveillance service that dispatches a security, craftsmen or locksmith service if needed to prevent further damage as well as a cash budget that covers the expenses." Parks Associates' NUMBERS™ global forecasting service estimates adoption of smart light bulbs in Western European broadband households will reach 7% by 2018 and 12% by 2020. Annual revenues generated from smart light bulbs in Western Europe will reach nearly $132 billion in 2020, compared to $90 billion in 2015. "Adoption of smart lighting devices and systems is growing, thanks in part to multiple channels available to consumers," Sikes said. "These devices can be self-installed, standalone products, part of self-installed home control systems, or add-ons to professionally installed interactive security systems. Adding lighting devices to existing hubs and control services is an affordable and convenient entry point to the IoT for consumers." Confirmed speakers for CONNECTIONS™ Europe include: Lewis Brown, President, MiOS Seb Chakraborty, Director of Technology, Connected Homes, British Gas Connected Homes Ashley Hathaway, Senior Developer Evangelist, IBM Watson Simon Hunt, CTO Secure Home Gateways, Intel, Corp. Mario Moura, Vice President and General Manager, Honeywell Patrick Strauss, Supply Chain Visibility & Internet of Things Subject Matter Expert, IBM UK Andrew Thomas, Co-Founder & CRO, SkyBell Parks Associates, a global market research firm specializing in the connected home, is currently accepting submissions for speakers for the event, which has early sponsorship support from Ayla Networks, Icontrol Networks, ROC-Connect, Z-Wave, and ZigBee. For more information on CONNECTIONS™ Europe, visit http://www.connectionseurope.com or contact sales@parksassociates.com, 972-490-1113. To schedule a meeting with an analyst or to request specific research data, contact Holly Sprague at hsprague@gmail.com, 720.987.6614. About CONNECTIONS™ Europe Produced by Parks Associates, the 11th-annual CONNECTIONS™ Europe is a two-day executive conference focused on the impact of IoT on the consumer. The event explores innovative business strategies, new crossover industry partnerships, and advancements in IoT (Internet of Things) solutions that are creating more consumer engagement and business opportunities for smart home, cloud services, and connected entertainment solutions. Parks Associates industry analysts moderate all sessions, with discussion, insights, and networking with leading executives representing all IoT ecosystems. CONNECTIONS™ Europe will take place 2-3 November 2016 in Amsterdam at the NH Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky. http://www.connectionseurope.com Holly Sprague Parks Associates 720.987.6614 hsprague@gmail.com � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Billionaire Ron Burkle is buyer behind Bob Hope’s iconic Palm Springs mansion View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate News Melania Trump may be right: Moving in middle of school year could mess up kids View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Cloud Security Market 2016 Emerging Trend ReportsWeb.com published Cloud Security Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 09, 2016 ) A cloud security solution is a stand-alone solution or a suite of products that provides security to cloud-based services or cloud computing architectures. A typical cloud security solution offers features like encryption, IAM, endpoint monitoring, vulnerability scanning, intrusion detection, and application and messaging security. It helps protect cloud content from unauthorized access and data theft. Publisherâs analysts forecast the global cloud security market to grow at a CAGR of 20.91% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cloud-security-market-2016-2020 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of global cloud security market for the period 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of cloud security solutions. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Cloud Security Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Cisco Systems - IBM - Intel (McAfee) - Symantec - Trend Micro Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001166351/sample . Other prominent vendors - CA Technologies - Check Point Software Technologies - CipherCloud - Clearswift - CloudPassage - CSC - Dell Secure Works - Fortinet - Microsoft - Netskope - Okta - SafeNet - Sophos - Symplified - Zscaler Market driver - Reduced ownership cost - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Concerns over critical data security - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emergence of Identity as a Service - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analystâs time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001166351/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016

Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Racing Hydroplanes Is So Terrifying Andrew Liszewski | Gizmodo MediaAug 8, 2016, 07.30 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit sploidImage Credit Like Nascar, hydroplane racing seems like one of those sports where fans only watch in hopes of seeing a spectacular crash. Making over-powered boats race at speeds of over 200 miles per hour might not be humanity's best decision, but it makes for some impressively terrifying highlight videos when things go wrong. We'll just stick with canoes, thank you. [YouTube] FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: racinghydroplanescrashesboats Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryThis Very Big Machine Picks Very Small Berries Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author This Dodo Skeleton Just Sold for Nearly Half a Million Dollars Turning This Toy Fish Inside Out Reveals All Its Glorious Guts Watching This Artist Turn a Blob of Glass Into a Dragon Is Nothing Short of Magic Related stories Watch the world's fastest race boats crashing at 200mph All the Largest Flying Boats in History How a Giant Lift Harnesses Gravity to Move Boats First-Person-View Drone Racing Looks All Kinds of Fun Insane video of double-backflip of a racing hydroplane boat Mysterious Metal Object Crashes Near Myanmar Village Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks Heavier, More Powerful and Opulently Insane: Metallica’s “Hardwired…to Self Destruct” Re-establishes the Band’s Legacy despite a few soporific pieces in between The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Samsung is looking to recreate its mid-range magic with the Galaxy C5 Pro and the C7 Pro WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Six Marketing Lessons from Prasoon Joshi #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6519BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5590BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Snapdeal Wish for India Sale: What's on Offer  Gadgets 360 Staff, 09 August 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Snapdeal is holding the Wish for India sale Rivals Amazon and Flipkart are also holding sales this week Snapdeal is offering deals on mobiles and other electronics Snapdeal's Wish for India sale is continuing on Tuesday, taking on the Amazon Great Indian Sale for the second day running. While there may not be as much buzz around the Snapdeal sale as Amazon's, there are some decent deals on offer as part of the Independence Day-themed-sale. Starting with mobiles, Snapdeal is offering the Samsung Galaxy J3 with bike mode at Rs. 8,290. Other discounts include the Asus Zenfone Laser 2 at Rs. 8,499, Micromax Unite 4 Pro at Rs. 6,999, Intex Cloud Breeze at Rs. 3,499, Infocus M370 at Rs. 4,499, and the Lenovo A1000 at Rs. 3,799. Now these smartphones may not be our top picks at these price points, but if you are in the market for these specific models, this might be a good time to buy.Snapdeal is also offering the Seagate Backup Plus Slim 1TB portable external hard drive at at Rs. 4,299, which is not the best price we've seen for the drive, but it comes with a 3-year-warranty and 200GB cloud storage. You can buy two SanDisk Cruzer Blade 16GB pen drives at Rs. 559 or a Class 10 SanDisk microSD card at Rs. 278. Snapdeal's Wish for India sale includes an offer on the CanonMG2570 multi-function device with print, scan, and copy capabilities, which is available at Rs. 2,517 and the Dell Inspiron 3558 notebook with Intel Core i3, 4GB of RAM, 1TB of hard drive, and Ubuntu OS at Rs. 25,699, which doesn't look like the best deal going around on paper but may appeal to some. Snapdeal is also offer deals on air-conditioners, televisions, washing machines, and a host of other big and small appliances, as well as fashion and daily need products, so be sure to check out the Snapdeal Wish for India sale. Tags: Snapdeal, Snapdeal Wish for India sale Sony to Reveal PS4 Neo in September: Report Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime First Sale Today: What You Need to Know Snapdeal Wish for India Sale: What's on Offer     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Ziox Mobiles Zelfie Intex Aqua E4 HTC Desire 650 Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Ziox Mobiles Astra Prism Ziox Mobiles Astra Zing+ Huawei Mate 9 Lite Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Celkon Millennia Q599 Ufe... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 3,299 Micromax Canvas Juice 4G ... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 8,100Rs. 5,999 Apple iPhone 7 In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 70,000Rs. 69,999 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Imagining the iPhone 8 With No Home Button Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Advertisement Recent Don’t Know What to Buy During the Steam Black Friday Sale? Read This Sony A99 II Flagship SLT Camera Now Available in India 'Solid Beta' of Android 7.0 Nougat Now Available for Nextbit Robin Users WhatsApp Now Lets You Stream Shared Videos While Downloading Demonetisation, Seasonality to Keep Indian PC Market Sluggish, Says IDC New App Performance Class Symbol for SD Cards Will Reduce Confusion Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Tipped to Sport 5-inch HD Display, 16GB Storage Xiaomi Launches Mi Wi-Fi Speaker With Voice Control New and Improved Google Sites Now Live for All G Suite Users No Transaction Fee on Debit Card Payments Till December 31 More News TRENDING Don’t Know What to Buy During the Steam Black Friday Sale? Read This Here’s When You Can Buy PC Games Cheap on Steam During Black Friday Final Fantasy XV First Impressions: A Welcome Surprise 'This Is Just Noise': Paytm's Vijay Shekhar on Old Notes Ban Criticism Flipkart Says Over 1 Million Redmi 3S Units Sold in Less Than 4 Months PM Modi’s App Trends, Paytm's POS Move, and More: Your 360 Daily Modi Keynote App Developers Explain Why They Removed the App The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 20,000 How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Wednesday 23 Nov 2016 / Tehran - 23:58 / GMT - 20:28 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Mon Aug 08, 2016 1:26 How to Solve Windows 10 Crashes in Less Than a Minute Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- What to do when the OS falls over, generating a Blue Screen of Death? This article will describe how to set your system up so that, when it does, you’ll be able to find the cause of most crashes in less than a minute for no cost. In Windows 10, the Blue Screen looks the same as in Windows 8/8.1. It’s that screen with the frown emoticon and the message “Your PC ran into a problem . . .” This screen appears more friendly than the original Blue Screens, but a truly friendly screen would tell you what caused the problem and how to fix it; something that would not be difficult since most BSODs are caused by misbehaved third party drivers that are often easily identified by the MS Windows debugger. Just to be clear, this article deals with system crashes, not application crashes or system hangs. In a full system crash, the operating system has concluded that something has gone so wrong (such as memory corruption) that continued operation could cause serious or catastrophic results. Therefore, the OS attempts to shut down as cleanly as possible – saving system state information in the process – then restarts (if set to do so) as a refreshed environment and with debug information ready to be analyzed. Why Windows 10 crashes To be sure, Windows has grown in features and size since its introduction in 1985 and has become more stable along the way. Nevertheless, and in spite of the protection mechanisms built in to the OS, crashes still happen. Once known as the Ring Protection Scheme, Windows 10 operates in both User Mode (Ring 3) and Kernel Mode (Ring 0). The idea is simple; run core operating system code and device drivers in Kernel Mode and software applications and user mode drivers in User Mode. For applications to access the services of the OS and the hardware, they must call upon Windows services that act as proxies. Thus, by blocking User Mode code from having direct access to Kernel Mode, OS operations are generally well protected. The problem is when Kernel Mode code goes awry. In most cases, it is third-party drivers living in Kernel Mode that make erroneous calls, such as to non-existent memory or to overwrite OS code, that result in system failures. And, yes, it is true that Window itself is seldom at fault. Where to get help with Windows 10 crashes There are plenty of places to turn to for help with BSODs, a few of which are listed here. For example, ConfigSafe tells you what drivers have changed and AutorunCheck tells you what Windows Autorun settings have changed. Both help nail the culprit in a system failure. And everyone should have the book Windows Internals; it is the bible that every network admin and CIO should turn to, especially Chapter 14 “Crash Dump Analysis,” which is in Part 2 of the book. When I asked Mark Russinovich, one of the authors, why a network admin or CIO – as opposed to a programmer – should read it, he said, “If you’re managing Windows systems and don’t know the difference between a process and a thread, how Windows manages virtual and physical memory, or how kernel-mode drivers can crash a system, you’re handicapping yourself. Understanding these concepts is critical to fully understanding crash dumps and being able to decipher their clues.” So, while WinDbg provides the data about the state of a system when it fell over, Windows Internals turns that cryptic data into actionable information that helps you resolve the cause. What is a memory dump? A memory dump is a copy or a snapshot of the contents of a system’s memory at the point of a system crash. Dump files are important because they can show who was doing what at the point the system fell over. Dump files are, by the nature of their contents, difficult to decipher unless you know what to look for. Windows 10 can produce five types of memory dump files, each of which are described below. 1.     Automatic Memory Dump Location:%SystemRoot%\Memory.dmp Size: Size of OS kernel The Automatic memory dump is the default option selected when you install Windows 10. It was created to support the “System Managed” page file configuration which has been updated to reduce the page file size on disk, primarily for small SSDs, but will also benefit servers with large amounts of RAM. The Automatic memory dump option produces a Kernel memory dump; the difference is when you select Automatic it allows the SMSS process to reduce the page file smaller than the size of RAM. To check or edit the system paging file size, go to the following: Windows 10 button | Control Panel | System and Security | System | Advanced system settings | Performance | Settings | Advanced | Change 2. Active Memory Dump Location: %SystemRoot%\Memory.dmp Size: Triple the size of a kernel or automatic dump file The Active memory dump is a recent feature from Microsoft. While much smaller than a complete memory dump, it is probably three times the size of a kernel dump. This is because it includes both the kernel and the user space. On my test system with 4GB RAM running Windows 10 on an Intel Core i7 64-bit processor the Active dump was about 1.5GB. Since, on occasion, dump files have to be transported I compressed it, which brought it down to about 500MB. 3. Complete Memory Dump Location: %SystemRoot%\Memory.dmp Size: Installed RAM plus 1MB A complete (or full) memory dump is the largest dump file because it includes all of the physical memory that is used by the Windows OS. You can assume that the file will be about equal to the installed RAM. With many systems having multiple GBs, this can quickly become a storage issue, especially if you are having more than the occasional crash. Generally speaking, stick to the automatic dump file. 4. Kernel Memory Dump Location:   %SystemRoot%\Memory.dmp Size: ≈size of physical memory “owned” by kernel-mode components Kernel dumps are roughly equal in size to the RAM occupied by the Windows 10 kernel, about 700MB on my test system. Compression brought it down nearly 80% to 150MB. One advantage of a kernel dump is that it contains the binaries which are needed for analysis. The Automatic dump setting creates a kernel dump file by default, saving only the most recent, as well as a minidump for each event. 5. Small Memory Dump (a.k.a. a mini dump) Location: %SystemRoot%\Minidump Size: At least 64K on x86 and 128k on x64 (279K on my W10 test PC) Minidumps include memory pages pointed to them by registers given their values at the point of the fault, as well as the stack of the faulting thread. What makes them small is that they do not contain any of the binary or executable files that were in memory at the time of the failure. However, those files are critically important for subsequent analysis by the debugger.         LATEST STORIES (81) John LaForge: US Government Has to Manufacture Enemies to Rationalize its Huge Military Budget ISIL War: In a Time of Universal Deceit, Telling the Truth Is a Revolutionary Act Iran, Azerbaijan Discuss Defense Ties Iran, Indonesia Stress Boosting Cooperation on Human Rights Iran Calls for Collective Efforts to Fight Terrorism UNHCR Official: Iran's Supports for Refugees "Unmatched" US Gives Green Light to Airbus on Sale of over 100 Passenger Planes to Iran Rouhani Felicitates Lebanon on Independence Day Iran, UNIDO Ink Country Program Framework Syrian Commander: Popular Uprising against Terrorists Starts in Eastern Aleppo Battle for Mosul Day 37: Hashd Al-Sha'abi Completes Siege of Tal Afar Israel 'Revives' Eastern Jerusalem Settler Homes Plan Hashd Al-Shaabi Wins Back Several More Villages Near Mosul Libyan Forces Press Forward Against ISIL in Sirte Iranian Speaker: Establishment of Democracy Impossible by Supporting Terrorism in Syria John LaForge: US Government Has to Manufacture Enemies to Rationalize its Huge Military Budget TEHRAN (FNA)- The US government’s pressure on Iran over its nuclear program originates from a need for the White House to create a “bogeyman” and rationalize its “gargantuan military budget”, an American author says. ISIL War: In a Time of Universal Deceit, Telling the Truth Is a Revolutionary Act TEHRAN (FNA)- There is no moral difference between a US Stealth bomber and an ISIL suicide bomber. They both kill innocent people for political reasons. Iran, Azerbaijan Discuss Defense Ties TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's Ambassador to Baku Javad Jahangirzadeh and Azeri Defense Minister General Zakir Hasanov in a meeting in Baku discussed military cooperation between the two countries. Iran, Indonesia Stress Boosting Cooperation on Human Rights TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian and Indonesian officials in a meeting in Tehran on Wednesday underlined the need for the further expansion of mutual cooperation in human rights fields. Iran Calls for Collective Efforts to Fight Terrorism TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif renewed his country's resolve to fight terrorist groups, and said all the world countries should join hands in the campaign against terrorism and extremism. UNHCR Official: Iran's Supports for Refugees "Unmatched" TEHRAN (FNA)- Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) Office in Iran Sivanka Dhanapala praised Tehran's "exemplary" hospitality and assistance to refugees. US Gives Green Light to Airbus on Sale of over 100 Passenger Planes to Iran TEHRAN (FNA)- The US Treasury Department authorized France's Airbus to sell 106 commercial planes to Iran's national flag carrier, Iran Air. Rouhani Felicitates Lebanon on Independence Day TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in a message on Wednesday congratulated his Lebanese counterpart Michel Aoun on the occasion of Independence Day in Lebanon. Iran, UNIDO Ink Country Program Framework TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran and the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) signed a Country Program (CP) Framework in Vienna. Syrian Commander: Popular Uprising against Terrorists Starts in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior Syrian commander and legislator underlined good cooperation between the people in Eastern Aleppo and the army, and said a popular uprising has ignited against the terrorists in the region. Battle for Mosul Day 37: Hashd Al-Sha'abi Completes Siege of Tal Afar TEHRAN (FNA)- The Mosul liberation operation continued on Wednesday as the Iraqi volunteer forces completed their siege of the terrorists in the city of Tal Afar. Israel 'Revives' Eastern Jerusalem Settler Homes Plan TEHRAN (FNA)- Israeli authorities on Wednesday revived plans to build 500 new homes for settlers in the Israeli-occupied Eastern Jerusalem, a first since the US presidential election. Hashd Al-Shaabi Wins Back Several More Villages Near Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi volunteer forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) continued their military operations in the Western part of Nineveh province, and managed to win control of several more villages near the city of Mosul and cut off the terrorists' supply lines. Libyan Forces Press Forward Against ISIL in Sirte TEHRAN (FNA)- Libyan forces said they pushed forward into the last sliver of territory held by ISIL in its former North African stronghold of Sirte, seizing a number of barricaded houses. Iranian Speaker: Establishment of Democracy Impossible by Supporting Terrorism in Syria TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani described the spread of terrorism in the region a result of the slow pace of the international community in launching all-out cooperation to fight against the phenomenon. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2016 ©
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People People John Reid Confirmed as Cable & Wireless CEO By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 22, 2016 FCC FCC Vetter Jamison: Do We Need an FCC? By John Eggerton Nov 22, 2016 OTT NBCU, Verizon Add Live Stream to Thanksgiving Day Parade Menu By Jon Lafayette (B&C) Nov 22, 2016 Sports Amazon Eyes Live Sports Streaming: Report By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 22, 2016 DirecTV Now Adds Entertainment Studios Fare By John Eggerton Nov 22, 2016 Trump Doubles Down on Swamp-Draining in YouTube Video By John Eggerton Nov 22, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community As I Was Saying First Review of ATSC 3.0 Over Cable Systems Set for December By Gary Arlen MCN Guest Blog Mad for Baseball! By By Matt Cacciato Picture This Documentaries: Informing the Present by Remembering the Past By R. Thomas Umstead On The Money Digital in the Details By Mike Farrell OTT: The Future of Content Delivery By Kurt Michel, IneoQuest Privacy Order Would Hike Broadband Prices By Michael J. Horney, Free State Foundation Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Wireless Comcast to Open WiFi Spigots for ‘Cyber Monday’ By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 23, 2016 Finance Arkansas Utility to Offer 1-Gig Broadband By Mike Farrell Nov 23, 2016 NAB Show Meetings on Advanced Ads Added to NAB Show By Jon Lafayette (B&C) Nov 23, 2016 OTT Sling TV to Stream to Comcast’s X1 Platform By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 22, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Aug 08 2016 Finance Goldman Sachs Unit Plows $50M Into Kaltura OTT-TV specialist has raised about $110 million (Updated) 8/08/2016 11:35 AM Eastern Last updated at 8/08/2016 1:18 PM By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Kaltura said it has secured $50 million in “pre-IPO” funding from Goldman Sachs’ Private Captial Investing Group as the over-the-top video specialist looks to expand its global footprint.   Kaltura, which has raised about $110 million and was founded in 2006, also announced that Holger Staude, a VP in Goldman Sachs’ Private Capital Investing group, will be joining Kaltura’s board of directors.  Goldman Sachs’s PCI unit is focused on providing “junior capital” to growth and middle-market companies throughout North America, with investments of about $20 million to $150 million per transaction.   Kaltura, which provides a mix of OTT publishing and advertising platforms, counts customers such as Viacom, Vodafone, HBO, ABC, Turner, Warner Bros., and Paramount. It also provides enterprise video systems for partners that include Intel, SAP, Nestle, and Target.   “Video is booming,” Kaltura chairman and CEO Ron Yekutiel, said in a statement. “It is the favorite data type for communication, collaboration, teaching & learning, marketing, and entertainment….We are excited to be working with Goldman Sachs as we continue our journey to videofy companies and organizations all around the world."    UPDATE: Kaltura hasn't announced when it will IPO, but it's clearly in the plan.    “The company appreciates the support and recognition by Goldman Sachs. We plan to leverage this new capital to expand our global reach, and continue to grow our business in the media, telco, enterprise and education markets. This will strengthen our position as the leading video technology company, delivering everything video to the market. Kaltura has strong SAAS metrics and given a more favorable market environment, is well positioned for a successful lPO," company CFO Dr. Naama Halevi said.  Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Kaltura    Funding    OTT    online video    multiscreen video    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: FREEDMAN ELECTRONICS GROUP BREAKS GROUND INTO AMBISONIC AUDIO – PURCHASES 360-DEGREE SURROUND MICROPHONE MARKET LEADER, SOUNDFIELD, FROM TSL PRODUCTS Indie Sound Effects Marketplace ‘A Sound Effect’ Turns Two and Celebrates with 70% Off Sale Cablevisión Argentina Selects Verimatrix as its Revenue Security Partner to Support Cablevisión Flow Services for TV Anytime, Anywhere ADB helps Multimedia Polska deliver enhanced TV services with user-friendly Personal TV solution Multi-Award Winning Producer Lawrence Cumbo Joins Pixeldust Studios to Expand its Entertainment Division: The Artery Creates New "Spirit of Meditation" 360-Degree Virtual Reality App for Samsung Gear VR ‘WWEmoji’ Emoji App Now Available WORLD’S TOUGHEST MUDDER LIVE STREAMING VIEWERSHIP SETS RECORD FOR OBSTACLE COURSE RACING EVENTS VITEC Launches First Broadcast-Grade Integrated IPTV and Digital Signage Platform SMPTE Launches New Virtual Course on IMF Essentials Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ DirecTV Now Sets November 28 Launch Event Charter Launches Low-Cost Broadband Service PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Sling TV, Roku Get Into the Holiday Selling Spirit Related Stories Sling TV to Stream to Comcast’s X1 Platform Jeff Baumgartner - 11/22/2016 04:52:00 PM America/New_York Sling TV, the Dish Network-owned OTT-TV service, said Analyst: OTT Helps Boost TV Viewership Mike Farrell - 11/22/2016 11:13:00 AM America/New_York Over-the-top services helped drive television viewership Amazon Eyes Live Sports Streaming: Report Jeff Baumgartner - 11/22/2016 08:58:00 AM America/New_York Amazon is in talks with several leagues, including Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → Primetime Ratings: ABC’s ‘Dancing’ Finale Down Year to Year  B&C Names The Year's Top Local TV Group, Execs Meetings on Advanced Ads Added to NAB Show Netflix Slots Three Dave Chappelle Specials  National Geographic Channel’s ‘Mars’ Promo Is No. 1 Again With 244.7 Million TV Ad Impressions 2017 Radio Calendars Now Available All India Radio Praised by Indian Government ABA Issues Online Public File Reminder Eela Audio Debuts EA816 GSM Telephone Hybrid Norway’s Center Party Wants to Postpone FM Shutdowns AKiTiO ThunderGo 1 TB SSD Keeps On Keepin’ On Buyer's Brief: Portable Storage Blackmagic HyperDeck Streams “An Evening with Sting” LaCie Rugged Faces a Mountainous Challenge Soultone Cymbals Creates Gold with JMR Lightning Quad Tower 3M Issues Inspection Notice for Lad-Saf X2/X3 Sleeves GV Expo: A Q&A With C-SPAN Co-CEO Robert Kennedy FCC to Vote on Local EAS Rules FAA Tests Drone Zappers at Denver Int’l Airport Game Keeps Changing for Sports Audio News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
null
null
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux > Linux Distributions FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Solus Upgraded to the GNOME 3.20 Stack, Now Powered by Linux Kernel 4.7 GO Mozilla Firefox 48.0 and LibreOffice 5.2 are available too Aug 8, 2016 20:03 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Solus developer Joshua Strobl has proudly announced the 33rd installation of Solus Project's This Week in Solus weekly newsletter to inform the community about the latest technologies and software releases implemented in the OS. After many weeks of hard work, project leader Ikey Doherty has finally managed to upgrade the entire GNOME Stack used in Solus from version 3.18 to 3.20, the latest and most advanced one. Therefore, all the graphical applications that are usually distributed as part of the GNOME desktop environment are now from the 3.20.x series. Another major change in Solus is the implementation of the latest Linux 4.7 kernel, which promises to bring better hardware support and under-the-hood improvements, such as full AMDGPU support, Power Play support, Nvidia GeForce 800M support, complete Maxwell support, C720 trackpad support, as well as USB 3.1 support. Additionally, the Linux kernel 4.7 implementation will introduce support for third-generation Thunderbolt IDs, Radeon DRM_MODE_PAGE_FLIP_ASYNC support, Polaris architecture support, multiple Radeon features, and many Intel Skylake improvements, among which we can mention better color management and SKL RAPL support. "Ikey has finished the GNOME 3.20 stack upgrade and we’re currently evaluating the latest applications and resolving pain-points around the upgrade, such as GNOME Calendar," says Joshua Strobl. "We’re currently in the process of enabling further hardware support by way of Linux 4.7, which will bring a plethora of improvements." LibreOffice 5.2 now available in Solus Of course, there are also numerous enhancements to the Solus platform, such as support for Go 1.6.3, and many up-to-date applications like Mozilla Firefox 48.0, LibreOffice 5.2, Docker 1.12.0, Rust 1.10.0, LLVM 3.8.1, Atom 1.9.6, FeedReader 1.6, Fotoxx 16.08, GNOME-MPV 0.10, Mercurial 3.9, nginx 1.11.3, node.js 6.3.1, OpenSSH 7.3p1, Telegram 0.10, and lots more. Several new applications have been added as well in the main repositories of Solus, among which we can mention Battle for Wesnoth, Syncthing, SuperTux, Starfighter, Quadrapassel, Pacman, Neverball, ManaPlus, Gweled, Godot, GNOME Mahjongg, Galois, and FreedroidRPG. Solus is now a rolling release operating system, so make sure that you always keep your installation up to date. #Solus#GNOME 3.20#Linux kernel 4.7#Mozilla Firefox 48.0#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) 6 Now Enabled by Default in Debian Unstable Snapcraft 2.13 and Snapd 2.11 Land with Support for Downgrading Installed Snaps Wine 1.9.16 Fixes Microsoft Word / Excel 2010 Crash, Nvidia GT 740M Support blackPanther OS 16.1 "Silent Killer" Arrives After a Year with Linux Kernel 4.7 Donald Trump, Tim Cook Discuss Building iPhones in the United States iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks    Solus is powered by Linux kernel 4.7 Other Linux Distros Clonezilla LiveCD: A Debian-based Live CD that allows you to clone hard disks without installing any software Fedora: The next generation Linux distribution derived from the Red Hat operating system Fedora Workstation Live CD: The next generation Linux distribution from Red Hat, now available as a Live DVD Fedora KDE Live CD: An official Live media of the Fedora Linux operating system with the KDE desktop environment Fedora LXDE Live CD: The next generation Linux distribution from Red Hat, now with the LXDE desktop environment Fedora MATE Compiz LiveCD: This is the Live CD spin of the Fedora Linux distro with the MATE Compiz desktop environment Fedora Xfce Live CD: An official edition of the Fedora Linux operating system that features the Xfce desktop Reader comments Load old comments   Tails 3.0 Anonymous Live OS to Be Based on Debian 9 "Stretch," Require 64-bit PC more on: Tails 3.0 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS SEARCH Justice and Public Safety White House Recognizes North Dakota Drone Effort The state's test site received recognition for requesting permission to fly drones beyond the line of visual sight at the Grand Sky business park on Grand Forks Air Force Base. by Brandi Jewett, Grand Forks Herald / August 8, 2016 0 (TNS) — WASHINGTON, D.C. — Accomplishments made with unmanned aircraft systems in North Dakota were recognized recently during a workshop hosted on the White House campus. The "Workshop on Drones and the Future of Aviation" assembled leaders from areas of industry, academia and government to outline the future of integrating unmanned aircraft, also known as drones, into the national airspace and discuss necessary policies to ensure that happens, according to a news release. "Recognizing the fact that North Dakota as a test site is helping to pave the way for regulations really solidifies the reason why it was important that we were there," said Nicholas Flom, director of safety for the Northern Plains UAS Test Site, who attended the workshop. RELATEDWill Drones Become as Commonplace as Laptops?North Dakota Drone Test Site Gets Night-Flight Approval The North Dakota test site is one of six designated by the Federal Aviation Administration to conduct research into drones' airspace integration. The test site received recognition for requesting permission to fly drones beyond the line of visual sight at the Grand Sky business park on Grand Forks Air Force Base. The test site is seeking to fly the aircraft up to 29,000 feet above ground without the use of a chase planes. These planes are tasked with tailing a drone during flights beyond the sight of the drone's pilot, which is otherwise prohibited. Another effort highlighted was the test site's success in securing a block of spectrum from the Federal Communications Commission for transmitting commands and data during drone flights. Accessing spectrum an increasingly challenging feat nationwide, Flom said. "Spectrum is not readily available throughout the country," he said. "One of the things they were discussing was airspace might be a challenge to get, but what we're finding is dedicated spectrum is even more difficult." Spectrum will play a large role in beyond-line-of-sight commercial drone flights, which could utilize secure transmission bands for their control systems. Next steps Flying beyond the line of visual sight — along with accompanying sense and avoid technology — is considered by many in the industry as the next significant step needed to fully integrate commercial drones into the national airspace. "Safely integrating drones into our airspace is one of the FAA's top priorities, and we're determined to get it right," Michael Huerta, administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, told the workshop crowd. "It's essential for our economy and our role as a global aviation leader." Also speaking were representatives from the U.S. Department of the Interior, Intel, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and Edison Electric Institute. The Edison Electric Institute, which represents all U.S. investor-owned electric companies, highlighted its work with Sharper Shape, an aerial inspection company with a research office in North Dakota. Sharper Shape and EEI announced a partnership in March that will work to develop capabilities for beyond-line-of-sight flights for electrical companies to use to inspect infrastructure. Part of that will include seeking approval to bring a beyond-line-of-sight demonstration to the FAA. "That was a great plug for a North Dakota company doing great things," Flom said. The workshop was co-host by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Association of Unmanned Vehicle Systems International Foundation. In addition to Flom and other test site representatives, stakeholders from organizations such as Trumbull Unmanned, Lockheed Martin, Google and the Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership were present. The workshop comes a few weeks prior to the effective date of new federal regulations for commercial and governmental drone use. The rules, known as Part 107, will be implemented Aug. 29. "The White House has really not been involved with this but, now that we have set rules, they wanted to learn as much as possible," Flom said. ©2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED Will Drones Become as Commonplace as Laptops? North Dakota Drone Test Site Gets Night-Flight Approval 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM Justice and Public Safety   Papers You may also like Will Drones Become as Commonplace as Laptops? MAGAZINE Government Technology October/November 2016 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER When a Comment Becomes a Crisis: What to Do When Going Viral Happens to You Download © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES FUTURE STRUCTURE INNOVATION NATION LATEST ISSUE SUBSCRIBE
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. MNR Daily HOME U.S. WORLD ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE/HEALTH TECH LIFE Subscriptions Home TECH 2016 iMac release date: VR-ready, all-in-one Apple desktop expected in October Charles Lim Aug 10, 2016 9:22 AM Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (Creative Commons/Jon Fingas)A current-generation iMac inside an Apple Store Apple fans are expecting a lot of products from the Cupertino-based company this year. Aside from the previously announced new iPhone 7, fans are expecting the company to release a brand-new 2016 update for their all-in-one desktop computer, the Apple iMac. According to the latest reports regarding the new Apple iMac, the company is expected to incorporate some of the latest technologies that are currently available into their new desktop computer. The new 2016 iMac is reportedly going to be coming with the latest AMD Polaris 10-based graphics processing unit (GPU). The new graphics chips are based on the latest FinFET 14-nanometer architecture technology that promises extremely fast performance along with significantly less power consumption. AMD has already released a number of consumer grade products, and it is highly likely that they will also be making these products available for Apple for them to add to their machines. If the cards are indeed incorporated in the new iMac, it will be making the all-in-one computer completely ready for virtual reality (VR) applications. This would be a big step for Apple as, currently, none of their computers are VR-ready. Oculus' Palmer Luckey had even mentioned that their device will not work with Apple machines as they apparently do not have the hardware capable of running VR programs. There are several reports that predict that the 2016 iMac may also be coming with Intel's latest Kaby Lake processor. However, some publications have claimed that it is possible for Apple to go with AMD Zen processors, which are also quite capable. Other components such as the storage, display, RAM, and other hardware will also reportedly be upgraded. For now, there hasn't been any confirmation yet as to the actual specs of the 2016 iMac, but reports have claimed that the new device may be coming out as soon as October this year. Like Us on Facebook Hot News 'Supernatural' season 12: Sam, Dean meet other demon hunters in episode 6 'Bones' season 12 synopsis reveals Zack's involvement in Brennan's kidnapping and an upcoming wedding 'Microsoft Surface Book 2' unlikely to come out this year LG V20: World's first Android Nougat smartphone specs unveiled Other News Jon Bernthal's The Punisher to make a cameo appearance in 'Jessica Jones' season 2 'Wentworth' season 5: Danielle Cormack teases Bea's return; series executives clarify casting rumors 'NCIS: LA' season 8: CBS opts to air premiere much earlier than expected Will Nintendo showcase the next-gen console at TGS 2016? MNR DAILY Copyright © 2016 MNR Daily, INC. All Rights Reserved. About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy HOME U.S. WORLD ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE/HEALTH TECH LIFE

