Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: Newegg selling 55% stake to Chinese outfit, Windows Updates now all or nothing By Matthew DeCarlo on Oct 16, 2016, 11:08 AM 14 comments TechSpot Massive investment may turn Newegg into a Chinese subsidiary Let us preface this by saying we're still gathering information, but word on the web is that Newegg is in the process of being owned by a Chinese technology outfit. According to UD News, Hangzhao Liaison Interactive Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Liason Interactive from here on out) is in the process of closing a deal to buy a 55.7 percent stake in Newegg. The deal is estimated to be worth around 17.7 billion yuan (around $2.63 billion), and once finished, the California electronics dealer would effectively become a subsidiary of Liaison Interactive. PC Gamer Intel will add deep-learning instructions to its processors Some of the latest Intel processors support the AVX-512 family of vector instructions. These instructions operate on blocks of 512 bits (or 64 bytes). The benefit of such wide instructions is that even without increasing the processor clock speed, systems can still process a lot more data. Most code today operators over 64-bit words (8 bytes). In theory, keeping everything else constant, you could go 8 times faster by using AVX-512 instructions instead. Daniel Lemire Verizon, AT&T Made $600 million in overage fees alone in 2016 A new study claims that Verizon and AT&T made $600 million alone in 2016 just on overage fees. And while both telcos unveiled new plans that let you avoid $15 per gigabyte overages in exchange for just being throttled (Verizon's "safety mode" and AT&T's Mobile Share Advantage) the study by Nerd Wallet found that thanks to buried surcharges and other fees, users on these new plans may not save much money. DSLReports Microsoft: No more pick-and-choose patching Adobe and Microsoft today each issued updates to fix critical security flaws in their products. Adobe's got fixes for Acrobat and Flash Player ready. Microsoft's patch bundle for October includes fixes for at least five separate "zero-day" vulnerabilities -- dangerous flaws that attackers were already exploiting prior to today’s patch release. Also notable this month is that Microsoft is changing how it deploys security updates, removing the ability for Windows users to pick and choose which individual patches to install. Krebs on Security Bendable electronic paper displays whole color range Less than a micrometre thin, bendable and giving all the colours that a regular LED display does, it still needs ten times less energy than a Kindle tablet. Researchers at Chalmers University of Technology have developed the basis for a new electronic "paper". Their results were recently published in the high impact journal Advanced Materials. Phys.org Kaspersky Lab reveals advanced persistent threat, StrongPity Kaspersky Lab today announced a stealthy threat actor known as StrongPity, a technically capable Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) interested in encrypted data and communications, according to a paper presented at Virus Bulletin by Kaspersky Lab principal security researcher, Kurt Baumgartner. Users in Italy and Belgium were hardest hit, but people in Turkey, North Africa and the Middle East were also affected. Kaspersky Cutting the cord: 200 channels but only 20 worth watching? We have come a long way from the pay-TV scenario Bruce Springsteen bemoaned in 57 Channels (And Nothin' On). But after a look at the most recent Nielsen TV viewing data you certainly can understand why consumers are crying out for slimmer pay-TV bundles. With more than 200 channels available on their cable, satellite or telco-delivered service, viewers are actually watching, on average, only about 20 channels, according to recent research from Nielsen. USA Today Ford engineer called MyFord Touch infotainment system 'a polished turd' Documents in a class-action lawsuit against Ford and its original MyFord Touch in-vehicle infotainment (IVI) system reveal that the company's engineers and even its top executive were frustrated with the problematic technology. The documents from the 2013 lawsuit show Ford engineers believed the IVI, which was powered by the SYNC operating system launched in 2010, might be "unsaleable" and even described a later upgrade as a "polished turd"... Computerworld At the world's first Cybathlon, proud cyborg athletes raced for the gold Last Saturday, in a sold-out stadium in Zurich, Switzerland, the world’s first cyborg Olympics showed the world a new science-fiction version of sports. At the Cybathlon, people with disabilities used robotic technology to turn themselves into cyborg athletes. They competed for gold and glory in six different events. IEEE Spectrum Using GPUs to speed through the 1.2B record taxi dataset New York City is special to us. It's not where we started (Boston) or ended up (San Francisco) It is special because, it remains, in terms of America, the center of it all. While not the geographical center of it all, it is the data center for us. When we do demos of the Tweetmap, we end up at the Empire State Building. MapD (more details on the tech...) Police arrest five in major streaming site crackdown Police in Brazil have carried out the second phase of Operation Blackbeard, a campaign designed to dismantle groups dedicated to online copyright infringement. Search warrants led to five arrests and the seizure of bank accounts connected to three streaming sites with three-quarters of a billion visits per year. TorrentFreak New record for fusion On Friday, Sept. 30, at 9:25 p.m. EDT, scientists and engineers at MIT's Plasma Science and Fusion Center made a leap forward in the pursuit of clean energy. The team set a new world record for plasma pressure in the Institute's Alcator C-Mod tokamak nuclear fusion reactor. Plasma pressure is the key ingredient to producing energy from nuclear fusion, and MIT's new result achieves over 2 atmospheres of pressure for the first time. MIT (360-degree tour of the facility) The $100 muon detector When Spencer Axani was an undergraduate physics student, his background in engineering led him to a creative pipe dream: a pocket-sized device that could count short-lived particles called muons all day. Muons, heavier versions of electrons, are around us all the time, a byproduct of the cosmic rays that shoot out from supernovae and other high-energy events in space. When particles from those rays hit Earth’s atmosphere, they often decay into muons. Symmetry Examining Windows 10 Anniversary Update's driver signing enforcement policy Windows 10 Anniversary Update came out at the beginning of August, with plenty of new user-facing features. There were also plenty of changes under the hood as well, including a change in policy regarding how Windows 10 handles device drivers. When the 64-bit versions of Windows launched over a decade ago, as a security measure Microsoft decided to require that all kernel mode drivers must be signed to be loaded. AnandTech (separately, Windows 10's next major update to debut in March) The surprising backbone of the internet of things At the end of the recently-opened Expo Line in Los Angeles  -- and you’ll want to take that snazzy light rail, because the I-10 freeway running between downtown and the coast is one of the 10 most-congested roadways in the world  --  you're in Santa Monica, California. You're at the Colorado Esplanade stop, a stunning platform of pedestrian- and bike-friendly multi-modality that feels open and available. It’s just one of many great things about my hometown. Backchannel Google's "Director of Engineering" hiring test Recently, I have been interviewed over the phone by a Google recruiter. As I qualified for the (unsolicited) interview but failed to pass the test, this blog post lists the questions and the expected answers. That might be handy if Google calls you one day. For the sake of the discussion, I started coding 37 years ago (I was 11 years old) and never stopped since then. Pierre Gauthier Related Reads Neowin's 7 Days of Lumia luxury, Chinese Windows, and an iPad on a stick Neowin's 7 Days of Windows 10 updates and Lollipop's long rollout Neowin's 7 Days of Android updates, Qualcomm's "rubbish," and the last version of Windows 14 comments 117 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… AT&T to buy Time Warner; Hacked DVRs, cameras behind massive DDoS The OnePlus 3T is a faster version of the same phone Kaby Lake desktop lineup may include an overclockable Core i3 Popular 57 comments CEO loses his job after posting that he will kill Donald Trump 24 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it QNAP TS-853A Review: NAS does QTS + Linux combo The Best Laptops: Ultraportables, Workstations & Gaming 64 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise Load Comments 14 ... User Comments: 14 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 14 China still has the two fastest supercomputers in the world, but the US is catching up 7 Some budget Android phones are secretly sending user data to servers in China 57 CEO loses his job after posting that he will kill Donald Trump 79 Open Forum: How often do you replace your computer? 8 Hacker that allegedly stole millions in FIFA coins from EA goes on trial Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
Wednesday, November 16, 2016 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Business Technology  Acer presents Switch Alpha 12, liquid-cooled two-in-one notebook October 17, 2016, Monday KUCHING: Acer’s latest Switch Alpha 12 two-in-one notebook with Windows 10 delivers a heightened level of mobility with Acer LiquidLoop cooling and an ultra-slim, flexible notebook-to-tablet design that is both elegant and sturdy. The new Switch Alpha 12 is the industry’s first fanless two-in-one notebook that uses a sixth Generation Intel Core i7, Core i5 or Core i3 processor. It is powered by Windows 10, which is off to the fastest start in Windows history, with more than 270 million active devices. “The Switch Alpha 12 is part of Acer’s new generation of mobile two-in-one products that focuses on providing exceptional performance, while also remaining cool and quiet,” said Acer Inc Commercial & Detachable Notebooks, IT Products Business general manager Jerry Hou, in a statement. “This new Switch Alpha line takes the best aspects of our award-winning Switch two-in-one product line and adds new features such as a fanless design, an ultra-thin attachable keyboard and the latest in mobile computing performance.” “The two-in-one category continues to grow with new innovative designs coming to market,” said Navin Shenoy, corporate vice president and general manager, Client Computing group, Intel Corp. “The new, 6th Generation Intel Core-powered Acer Switch Alpha 12 is a great combination of performance, no-compromise computing and long battery life, making it ideal for work as well as playing on the go.” “The Acer Switch Alpha 12 two-in-one with Windows 10 allows people to have choice to experience entertainment and productivity as a notebook or tablet, with full PC functionality,” said Peter Han, vice president worldwide OEM Marketing, Microsoft Corp. “Only Windows 10 can deliver more personal computing, help reinvent productivity and use the power of the cloud to make all of your personal experiences across devices familiar.” The Acer Switch Alpha 12 is ideal for places where quiet operation is appreciated – such as meetings, shared offices, classes and libraries. The silent LiquidLoop Cooling System keeps the Switch Alpha 12 at a stable temperature and running efficiently without fan noise. The device is the industry’s first two-in-one with a 6th Generation Intel Core processor to use a fanless design; this combination contributes to the system’s excellent performance and all-day eight-hour battery life. Equipped with a versatile kickstand, attachable keyboard, and an optional Acer Active Pen, the Switch Alpha 12 utilises Continuum to be enjoyed as a Windows 10 notebook and as a tablet with full PC functionality, virtually anywhere. In addition to being a great two-in-one PC for home and school use, the Switch Alpha 12 will be available to Acer’s commercial customers. Its combination of performance, versatile design and features lets businesses and institutional customers handle all aspects of their work. It can be used as a traditional notebook for dedicated input, as a display for presentations, and as a tablet with the optional pen for capturing ideas and making sketches. Commercial models come with integrated Trusted Platform Modules (TPM) to ensure safer computing in all environments and ship standard with Windows 10 Pro. The Acer Switch Alpha 12 is thin and light, measuring just 292.1 x 201.4 x 15.85mm (11.5 x 7.93 x 0.62inches) and weights 1250 grammes (2.76 pounds) when the tablet and keyboard are connected. The tablet alone measures just 9.5mm (0.37 inches) in height, and weighs 900 grammes (1.98 pounds).   Technical Specifications Acer Switch Alpha 12 NT.GDQSM.004 Operating system: Windows 10 Home Processor: Intel Core i3-6100U processor, Dual-core 2.30 GHz Display: 30.5 cm (12inch) QHD (2160 x 1440) 3:2 IPS Storage: Intel, Shared Memory, 4GB, LPDDR3, 128GB SSD Features: Touchscreen, long battery life Acer Switch Alpha 12 NT.GDQSM.004 Operating system: Windows 10 Home Processor: Intel Core i5-6200U processor, Dual-core 2.30 GHz Display: 30.5 cm (12 inch) QHD (2160 x 1440), 3:2 IPS Storage: Intel Shared Memory, 8GB, LPDDR3, 256GB SSD Features: Touchscreen, long battery life What do you think of this story? Great (0%) Interesting (33%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (67%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← Kota Marudu sasar capai kebersihan persekitaran Peruntukan pembangunan Sarawak dijangka kurang → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Red Shirt Jamal banned from Sarawak Surat bongkar rahsia New law may slash LPG price Villagers keeping their distance from Sg Oya GLC director, 2 others remanded for power abuse, corruption involving RM39 mln Weekly News Highlights Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Hardware Is Razer Blade Stealth Laptop For You? Saimin (Blog) - October 16, 2016 5:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail The New Razer B.S has improved battery life, performance, and is powered by Intel Core i7 processor. This new Razer Blade Stealth crushes competitors across the board. At the beginning of 2016 The Razer Blade Stealth 12.5 – inch Ultrabook production hit the market, and in less than a year it is getting ready for major upgrade with hope of success. As it is mentioned above, the new upgrade will be a 2.7 GHz Intel Core i7-7500 U Processor, Kaby Lake ‘s new generation of chips.  This upgrade includes a bigger RAM and storage, and leaving space of 16GB the former, and 1TB of PCIe SSD space for future upgrade. The laptop is equipped with a 4K (3840 x2160) touchscreen with a higher price of more less about $1800.00; this upgrade will cost more out of pocket for consumers.     Of course the Razer’s customers could always purchase the one with a lower price that is closer to their needs. Razor Blade Stealth is not a gaming machine. However, you could still use it for basic gaming. On the other hand, Razer came up with an Ultrabook that can transform into an even more powerful machine.   Here is a picture of the Razor Core and external dock that brings desktop-grade graphics power to gaming.     The base model of the Razer comes with a QHD (2560 X 1440) display and 128GB SSD for the price under $1,000.00 while the top end model with   4K display and 512 GB option runs under $1,600.00 with no expandable, but SSD can be upgraded personally.   The market is in favor of the Ultrabook and it is not going to change this since there are a variety of vendors with amazing products such as HP’S Spectre x360 15t, Lenovo’s Thinkpad x1 Yoga, ASUS’s and Zenbook UX-305CA. While all of these offer their own functionality, ends to have it all in a light and thin machines.   In today’s market most of the Ultrabooks come with Intel’s processor or Core M chips   Blade Pro   This 17.3- inch laptop with HD (1920 X1080) matte antiglare display has enough space to work or play, portability of a laptop and functionality of a desktop.   The new Razer Blade Pro has 256 GB SSD plus 500 GB HDD with a sale price of under $2,500.00, of course all the prices are subject to change in the market place like anything else.     Blade 17 Pro   At the price of $ under $3000.00, comes with Quad Core i7, 2.6 GHz, and 16GB RAM Along with GTX 960 M (4 GB VRAM) and completed by 1920x 1080 TN display.  This is 8 pounds instated of 10 pounds.  There is a nice keyboard and excellent audio on this laptop. However, the hardwires are easily accessible.    On the other hand, the Blade 14 with the same Quad Core i7 and same size GHz and RAM with a little difference on IGZO display with 3200x1800 also there not much difference on the price.    If you are in the market for a gaming laptop, there are many available in the market. The point is how much you want to spent and what is your expectations are from performance and graphics. So you need to shop around for the machine that is right for you before you could decide.      “So far we have not seen a single Android device that does not infringe on our patents." -- Microsoft General Counsel Brad Smith Latest Headlines Here Goes Intel and AMD - Neck and Neck Again November 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Refurbished Desktops and More in Today’s Market November 13, 2016, 5:00 AM AMD Inspires Innovation Everywhere November 12, 2016, 1:00 AM Wi-Fi on Intel USB 3.1 November 11, 2016, 1:00 AM NVIDIA Corporation Scores the Microsoft Surface November 2, 2016, 8:27 AM Apple Launches New MacBook with Two Missing Items October 29, 2016, 1:00 AM More Headlines Most Popular Articles27” Curved Monitors – Samsung SD590 vs HP Pavilion 27c November 9, 2016, 2:00 AM Smart Thermostats - Nest Learning Thermostat vs Ecobee3 November 10, 2016, 1:00 AM Wi-Fi on Intel USB 3.1 November 11, 2016, 1:00 AM UTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Cancer Screening in the Community Is there a link between Cancer and Poverty? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM From Time to Time, The Unbelievable and Unimaginable Happens!!!! Saimin Nidarson - Oct 28, 2016, 4:56 AM Key EpiPen Competitor Out in 2017 At ' Very Low' Cost Saimin Nidarson - Oct 27, 2016, 5:30 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
null
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ This company is creating a Windows 10 mini PC that can fit in the palm of your hand By Usama Jawad Neowin LLC @@UsamaJawad96 · Oct 16, 2016 · Hot! with 27 comments Many companies have recently been trying to build Windows 10 mini PCs that can easily be used on-the-go. One such company is Ockel, which is developing a mini PC running full Windows 10 that can fit in the palm of your hand. The interesting device, named Ockel Sirius A, has been fully funded on Indiegogo and expects to ship in May 2017. Touting the Sirius A as the most "versatile Windows 10 mini PC ever created", Ockel has claimed that the device is small enough to fit in your pocket. The Sirius A sports a 6-inch full HD touchscreen display that the company says will fit all your gaming, media, communication and professional needs. As the device runs the full 64-bit version of Windows 10, it is compatible with all Windows programs. The full specifications of the Ockel Sirius A are as follows: System: Windows 10 Home 64-bit Processor: Intel Atom x7-8750 quad core (1.6GHz up to 2.56GHz) RAM: 4GB LPDDR3-1600 Display: 6-inch full HD (1920x1080px), 4K and UHD support Dimensions: 85mmx150mmx6mm-120mm Graphics: Intel HD Storage: 64GB eMMC, micro SDXC slot (external storage up to 2TB) Connectivity: 2xUSB 3.0, 1xUSB Type C, HDMI, DisplayPort, RJ-45 Ethernet, 3.5mm headphone jack, power (12V/3A) Wireless: Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 Battery: 3000 mAh Lithium polymer (up to 4 hours of video playback), 36W adapter Sensors: Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Magnetometer Integrated: Front-facing camera, speakers, microphone Ockel says that it is also working with Microsoft to integrate software features that are exclusive to the Sirius A, such as the "switch mode". When the user connects the device to another display, they'll have the option to quickly switch the Sirius A to an input device, so it can be used as a mouse or a keyboard. Additionally, the company claims that the Sirius A is "100% silent". Although it doesn't include ventilation fans, it makes use of a "heat sink" that removes all excess heat. Ockel says that its team has over 70 years of combined experience, which also includes special advisor and founder of Laser Computer Paul Pardon, who has more than 30 years of experience in the computer market. It is also being aided by Microsoft, which is providing technical support related to Windows 10. Last year, the company also managed to successfully gather funding for the Ockel Sirius B and Sirius B Black Cherry on Indiegogo. The company's Indiegogo campaign reached its $100,000 funding goal in two days, and has now been funded to 242% of its goal by 455 backers with 24 days still to go. The starting perk has already reached its limit of backers, so now the company is allowing supporters to order the Sirius A with a 128GB microSD card and a power bank for $559. It plans to unveil more perks once the current perk reaches its limit of supporters. Ockel says that it has already developed the first fully functional prototype Sirius A mini PC and is currently working on the second one. When the company ships the device in May 2017, it is expected to be available in three colors - Moon Silver, Meteor Grey and Venus Gold - and will retail at $699 before shipping. Source and images: Indiegogo | Thanks to our forum member elmetnuter for the tip! Tags Ockel Sirius a Mini pc Windows 10 Indiegogo Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story British county wants broadband speeds of 1Gbps Next Story Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Community Activity Refresh Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future in Front Page News Solar System News (miscellaneous articles) in Science Discussion & News Apple unveils new 10-inch and 13-inch books, starting at $199 in Front Page News Acronyms.... in Jokes & Funny Stuff Tech Comics in Jokes & Funny Stuff Kernel-Power, Event ID 41, Task 63 in Microsoft (Windows) Support Update: Personal Backup 5.8.5.2 in Front Page News Google set to hire 3,000 new employees in the UK despite Brexit in Front Page News Related Stories Eve V 'Surface Killer' hybrid device to launch on Indiegogo next month Oct 20, 2016 · Hot! Star Cloud PCG02 Plus Fanless PC Stick Review: Windows 10 on the cheap Jul 1, 2016 · Hot! This slim, foldable keyboard is actually a Windows 10 PC: the PiPO KB2 Apr 19, 2016 · Hot! Windows 10 preview build 14291 now available for PCs and Mobile, including Edge extensions Mar 17, 2016 · Hot! deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.00 94% off Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp $5,207.00 $45.00 99% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Show Comments 27 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first Sort by newest first Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? January 25 AAPL: 99.44 -1.98 Opinion: What can we expect from the 2016 MacBooks, rumored to be launched by June? Ben Lovejoy - 10 months ago @benlovejoy Feature MacBook Pro Mac MacBook MacBook Air Opinion Comments (89) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit With KGI suggesting that we could see new MacBook models as early as the first half of the year, I thought it would be a good time to expand on the suggestions we made in our 2016 roundup and speculate in a little more detail on what we might expect from those machines. There is rather a lot of speculation involved, for a couple of reasons. First, while we tend to see a number of leaks and rumors for the iPhone – not least from our own Mark Gurman – there are notably fewer for Macs. We’ll likely see some nearer the time, but we could as yet still be six months out. Second, it’s easier to predict what Apple is likely to do with regard to the MacBook range than when it might do it. I’ve argued before that we can at some point expect Apple to drop the MacBook Air label, leaving two ranges known as the MacBook and the MacBook Pro. But whether that will happen this year or next is, I think, harder to guess. But let’s start with what we know about the technology available to Apple this time around … Apple currently uses a mix of Broadwell and Haswell processors in its MacBook Air/Pro range. This year, Intel will have 6th-gen Skylake chips available in time for a June launch. Skylake will offer a significant speed bump over current chips. We’re likely to see gains in the 10-20% range in the CPU, and rather better from the graphics, where improvements of up to 40% are possible. Skylake chips are also notably more power efficient than current-generation processors, offering power savings in the 15-30% range. Apple could use this improved efficiency to boost battery life, reduce battery size or a combination of the two. I’ll share my thoughts on this shortly. The latest kid on the block in terms of ports is of course the USB-C standard which Apple used in the 12-inch MacBook. Since then, Intel gave USB-C a new capability: incorporating Thunderbolt into the chip. Finally, Skylake incorporates a couple of new wireless communication standards, WiDi – Wireless Display – and WiGig, short-range high-speed wireless data of up to 7Gbps. Future versions of the chip will also support wireless charging, but those won’t be available in time for a June launch. These features may influence Apple’s decisions on future monitors and accessories (wireless Thunderbolt Display and external drives, for example), but won’t have any immediate impact on the machines themselves. So, that’s the technology Apple has to play with – what do I think it will do with it? Across the range Apple has to adopt Skylake: it would be silly to launch any new Mac without taking advantage of the sixth-generation Intel chips. For me, the only question here is whether the new MacBook Air gets a full-powered Skylake chip, or the much lower-powered Core M version. More on this when we look specifically at the Air. It’s also a no-brainer that Apple will add USB-C to both MacBook Air and MacBook Pro machines – and given that USB-C now incorporates Thunderbolt, Apple will undoubtedly drop the standalone Thunderbolt port. The only question here is whether Apple will retain any other legacy ports. There’s another piece of technology Apple has had for a while now but not yet added to the Mac: Touch ID. With many of us used to logging in to our iPhone and iPad with our fingerprint, it feels rather clunky to have to type a password when we login to our Macs. Apple first patented fingerprint login to Macs way back in 2007, but adding the hardware to MacBooks is not the only approach it could take. Apple could take a Continuity-style approach and allow us to use Touch ID on our iPhone to login to our Macs. There are already third-party apps that allows us to do this, so there’s no technical barrier to Apple going this route. But one way or the other – hardware or software – I think 2016 is the year Apple needs to allow us to use Touch ID on our Macs. This would not only allow fingerprint login, but would also be a far more convenient way to access the secure Notes facility introduced in OS X 10.11.4, and to add Apple Pay as a payment option on the apple.com website. Finally, I’d expect at least the Air – and possibly also the Pro – to mirror the color options of the 12-inch MacBook, offering a choice of silver, space gray and gold. Just my take. So now let’s talk specifics … 2016 MacBook Air/MacBook I’m going to go out on a limb here and suggest that this will be the year in which Apple drops the Air suffix, so I’m going to use the label MacBook for the machine currently known as the MacBook Air. It would be silly to launch a 12-inch machine only to retain an 11-inch one, so I think we can safely say that the 11-inch MacBook Air will not be replaced. We’ve also heard rumors of a 15-inch MacBook Air, which would give us 12-, 13- and 15-inch models. (My only question here would be whether there’s really a need for both 12- and 13-inch machines? Could Apple instead drop the 13-inch model?) If I’m right about the label, then we can expect the larger machine(s) to adopt the design of the 12-inch MacBook. This will, I suspect, include the single USB-C port (incorporating Thunderbolt). Which brings us back to the Skylake power efficiency question I posed earlier: will Apple boost the battery-life or reduce the battery size? At least where the MacBook range is concerned, I think it will reduce the size to match the much sleeker proportions of the 12-inch model. And, for good or bad, I think that also means we can expect Apple to use the ultra-low-profile butterfly keyboard on the 13- and 15-inch models. There is another messiness in the current MacBook/Air range: the 12-inch model has a Retina display, the current 11- and 13-inch machines don’t. That too needs to be tidied-up, and other manufacturers are using high-resolution displays in their ultrabooks, so I strongly suspect that we can expect Apple to use Retina screens across the entire range. The final question, then, is whether the MacBook range gets the full-fat Skylake processors I expect to see in the MacBook Pro, or the cut-down Core M version whose predecessor was used in the 12-inch machine. This is a very tricky one, as it really depends on how well the 12-inch machine has sold. If it appears to have a niche market only, then the larger machines will probably get the real deal when it comes to their Skylake processors. But if sales of the 12-inch machine have demonstrated that most non-pro buyers are all about the portability, and never mind the power, we could see Core M CPUs across the MacBook range – which would also serve as a strong differentiator between the MacBook and MacBook Pro ranges. 2016 MacBook Pro The 13-inch MacBook Pro currently has Intel’s Broadwell chipset, but the 15-inch has the previous-generation Haswell. The blame here may lay with Intel rather than Apple, but either way Apple definitely needs to set things right by ensuring the new machines get the new Skylake chips with beefier Iris Pro graphics to match. It would be nice to imagine that Apple would also double the entry-level RAM from the present 8/16GB (depending on model) to 16/32GB, but the company has not historically been generous with RAM, so I’m not expecting to see an increase here. SSDs have been falling dramatically in price, so it would also be pleasant to think Apple might bump standard storage capacity from 128/256/512GB on the 13-inch model to 256/512/1TB, with the 15-inch getting 512GB/1TB. But Apple’s thinking of late seems to be that our data should be in the cloud rather than on our machines, so I’m again not optimistic. Apple has form when it comes to getting well ahead of the curve where legacy technology is concerned, dropping first the floppy drive and later the optical drive well before any other mainstream manufacturer. It also didn’t hesitate to drop legacy ports from the 12-inch MacBook. The MacBook Pro is of course aimed at a different market – one where many users do connect a number of peripherals at any one time. For this reason, I definitely don’t expect it to go the same single-port route as the MacBook, but I do expect it to standardize on USB-C. I’ve already mentioned that there’s no longer any need for a separate Thunderbolt port now that USB-C incorporates it, and I suspect we can also wave goodbye to HDMI when either an adapter or AirPlay to Apple TV will do the job. To me, the only questions are whether the MBP retains any USB 3 ports and the SDXC card slot. Users with multiple USB 2/3 devices would undoubtedly by annoyed by Apple losing these ports, but I do suspect that after some initial grumbling at the need to buy and carry adapters, most of us would get over it. And with many of today’s cameras offering Wi-Fi connectivity, Apple could make a case for losing the card slot too. One strong possibility, then, would be to lose all ports bar the headphone socket, replacing them all with four or five USB-C ports and relying on adapters for everything else. I’d personally love to think that another differentiator between MacBook and MacBook Pro ranges would be battery-life. Use the improved power efficiency of the Skylake processors to deliver a sleeker form-factor in the MacBook via smaller batteries, but retain the battery sizing in the Pro to deliver longer battery-life. But once again, I’m not optimistic. I’d instead expect Apple to reduce the battery size in the MacBook Pro to deliver a slimmer, sleeker machine – perhaps partially borrowing the wedge shape of the MacBook range. I’ll end on a wildcard: with Apple having seemingly moved from the 11-inch MacBook Air to a 12-inch MacBook, there is the possibility of a move from 13- and 15-inch machines to 14- and 16-inch, without any increase in the overall dimensions. If Apple did that with the MacBook Pro only, it could further differentiate the ranges. As ever, please take our polls and share your own thoughts in the comments. Take Our Poll Take Our Poll Photos: Slashgear; TechNewsToday;  Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide Mac View THe Guide MacBook View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. kittycat87 (@kittycat8877) - 10 months ago Reply Totally agree that it’s time that Touch ID came to the Mac. I really miss it there, and Apple Pay as well. LikeLike Štěpán Pazderka - 10 months ago Reply IMO: MacBook Air will be dropped entirely and MacBook Pro will be replaced with only 15 inch version of current “MacBook design” with more USB-C ports and without dedicated graphics, both CPU/GPU on a single chip. Apple never focused on gaming and much more important for them is fast rendering out of FCPX etc. and Metal with integrated GPU in Skylake will be enough for them to match current AMDs in MacBook Pro for professional production usage. Expecting new MacBook Pro next year (2017) since the MacBook Air has not been dropped yet and replaced by the MacBook. LikeLiked by 1 person Vincent Conroy - 10 months ago Reply Not sure I agree that the Macbook and Macbook Air lines will be merged this year. I’d instead expect to see the specs gap between Macbook and Air grow a little slimmer over the next few years. Specifically, I think Apple needs to prove it can produce a 12-inch Macbook in its current form without sacrificing so much performance. Also, I expect to see the 12-inch model get a price drop as it falls in line with the Air models’ price points. Perhaps in two or three years we’ll see the “Air” moniker dropped, but I think Apple i still working out the kinks to fit the Air guts in the non-air body. LikeLiked by 1 person applegetridofsimandjack - 10 months ago Reply I agree. I also don’t think the Macbook Air will get the boot. For 3 reasons: its battery life is ridiculously awesome, it’s much cheaper than the Macbook and because it’s much more powerful than the Macbook. But all 3 issues will be fixed over time. I, as you, expect a price drop for the Mcabook, I’d say a 150-200$ price drop. LikeLike applegetridofsimandjack - 10 months ago Reply I’m in the market for a new Macbook Pro to replace my 17inch early 2011 model. Please give us a 32GB ram option. Other color options would be welcome but I don’t think gold and space gray would fit uch devices as they are too big/thick for those colors. LikeLiked by 1 person Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/17-inch-macbook LikeLiked by 1 person applegetridofsimandjack - 10 months ago Reply I’m in the market for a new Macbook Pro to replace my 17inch early 2011 model. Please give us a 32GB ram option. Other color options would be welcome but I don’t think gold and space gray would fit uch devices as they are too big/thick for those colors LikeLiked by 1 person j0hnf23 - 10 months ago Reply I want to replace my MacBook Pro Late 2011 this year…. so hopefully they will do something good to their line-up🙂 LikeLiked by 1 person Nikke - 10 months ago Reply I just don’t get it why Apple thinks data should be in the cloud while iCloud Drive downloads all the files locally. Recently I switched back to Google Drive since I can’t store all of my 600GB files on 512GB MBPr LikeLike Linus Nyrén - 10 months ago Reply Nice review! The biggest deal breaker for me would be that the thunderbolt 3 port have native support for external graphics, just imagine having a portable solid laptop with an i7 processor on the go. coming into the office connecting a thunderbolt cable and having accelerated high level graphics for serious rendering and gaming. Raser just released their razor blade stealth with external graphics over TB3. I really hope they would incorporate this into next macbookpro with native support in OS X Im currently using egpu over tb2 with an gtx960 editing 4k material and maxing fallout 4 and its working flawless with a bit of tinkering. Cheers! LikeLiked by 1 person taoprophet420 - 10 months ago Reply I would like to see the MacBook go to an A series processo on at least the entry model and have ARM supported OS X. The iPad Pro shows the power you can get out of Apple chips. The MacBook Air needs needs retina displays and Skylake i3 processors. A switch to 13″ and 15″ inch would also be nice. Hopefully Apple doesn’t change the MacBook Pro much. It would be nice to see them switch to 14″ and 16″ models with multiple USB-C ports. Apple has to many products in 12″-13″ range. I hope they leave the keys untouched and don’t go to the butterfly keys of the MacBook. LikeLike viciosodiego - 10 months ago Reply There is already an OS X for ARM. Its called ios. It just happens to not be that open as OS X for x86. Wait for iOS 10. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Why wait, its already here but you must be joking LikeLike Matt Kennison - 10 months ago Reply I don’t mind USB C replacing the thunderbolt,Sd and maybe even HDMI but I need at least 2 USB 3’s left or it’s a deal-breaker, because we all know Apple won’t give use the adapter, and it will probably cost $80. But other than that… A thinner gold 16′ Macbook Pro with 32gb of RAM, Touch ID and Intel Skylake sounds awesome. Maybe they could even throw Beats Audio into the mix and remove the black bar by the fan while they are at it. I do however hope they don’t add butterfly keys to the Pro model at least. And they better not remove the glowing Apple logo, it will ruin the sticker game of the machine. LikeLiked by 1 person Alex Gollner (@Alex4D) - 10 months ago Reply Although Iris Pro graphics would be improved with the new generation of CPUs, Apple should pay attention to the needs of VR as defined by Oculus. Oculus stopped producing developer builds of their VR software in mid-2015. They state that Mac compatibility will be reinstated “post-decent Apple hardware release, whenever that is” ( https://twitter.com/PalmerLuckey/status/674311865023918080 ). Although VR might not be a huge market now, Apple have prided themselves on making the computers people use to create media. I don’t think Iris Pro graphics are going to be enough for a long while. LikeLiked by 1 person just-a-random-dude - 10 months ago Reply Apple hasn’t pay attention to gaming for years, VR isn’t doing to change their minds and they’ll look at this as a fad that’ll die within a few years. Considering that VR can’t even run on 99% of the market is enough to know it’s not going to happen within the next 2-3 years. LikeLiked by 1 person Alex Gollner (@Alex4D) - 10 months ago Apple may not care about ‘high-end’/limited market gaming, but they like making hardware and software used to create media. Gaming will probably be less than half the common uses for VR. At the moment Macs can be used for VR Video post production – playing back rendered 360° video from a timeline to a VR HMD is much easier than rendering 2 3D graphics worlds at 60fps. My 2013 MacBook Pro can do that. LikeLike James Stansell - 10 months ago Reply lol what sorry but no laptop without a seriously expensive dedicated graphics card is going to support oculus. you need to render 2160 x 1200 (basically 2k) at 90 fps (NOT 60 fps) and no laptop produced by apple will support that. iris pro?? thats what my macbook pro has and can barely play games at 1080. LikeLike aerobat01 - 10 months ago Reply I liked the speculation about a 16″ screen. It’s not 17″ but it gets closer and everybody’s 15″ bags will still accommodate if the chassis form factor is the same. I dislike the storage speculations. When you are crunching / saving / accessing big video and photo files, “The Cloud” is NOT a viable working solution. Perhaps WiFi and other internet access at the Apple Campus is 1 Gb/sec but in the real world (at least in the USA) the term “broadband” is deceptive advertising. For one asymmetrical upload / download speeds make uploading large files tedious if not unfeasible for working graphics professionals. SO, we end up carrying an external drive and it kind of gets away from the whole ‘Field Portable’ thing. Having said that 1 TB of internal storage seems to be adequate (for now) so I think it should be the ‘Minimum’ for the MPB. Minimum DDR should be pretty robust as well … 32 GB. It may seem like a lot but it is called a MacBook ‘PRO’ after all [of course it will ding the battery life]. LikeLiked by 2 people Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply 32GB RAM do need to come LikeLike Brandon Stiefel - 10 months ago Reply How about laptops that are actually big enough to use?! More selection in the 15″ range and at least one 17″ model. Some of us like to be productive on a portable device and need something with a larger screen. Give me that with a Skylake CPU and maybe user upgradeable RAM. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/17-inch-macbook LikeLike ctyrider (@ctyrider) - 10 months ago Reply User upgradeable RAM.. hahahahahhahaha LikeLiked by 1 person Brandon Stiefel - 10 months ago Hey, I know, user upgradeable RAM is a pipe dream. Hell, I’m thankful that my iMac was user upgradeable. But one can dream🙂 LikeLike viciosodiego - 10 months ago Reply I would love if apple re introduce a version of the White macbook. Also, take the MacBook pro with the optical drive and turn it into a 17 inch beast. Put a xeon chip, 64gb of ram 3.5 inch drive bay, 2 m.2 SSDs, smart card slot, ECT. IF you can do that, you can take my money. call it, the Mac Pro mini. Add 2 thunderbolt busses, and docking port, and you will have a winner LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/17-inch-macbook LikeLike uniquified - 10 months ago Reply Airplay to older AppleTVs is choppy (even when the appleTV is wired) – there’s no way I could give up the HDMI port on my 13″ Pro at this point. I use it far too much. Same goes for USB 2 & 3 peripherals. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Updated cameras! LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Will it be made from 7000-series alluminium? That’s the dealbreaker LikeLike Magnus Hedemark - 10 months ago Reply How about NVM Express storage across the product line? LikeLiked by 1 person Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Even the iPhone haven’t adopted the UFS 2.0 flash-storage which unlike is used by Samsung, so it is very unlikely the MacBook could have any near possibility of having the latest internals. Most importantly, the iMacs witg spinning hard-drives but with a 10-bit colour Retina display LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Read: Support for NVMe found in OS 10.3.3 http://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/nvme-solid-state-drives-are-on-the-march-may-take-over-your-next-pc/ LikeLike joefedorowicz - 10 months ago Reply You said it without saying it. 12 and 14″ MacBooks….13 and 15″ MacBook Pros. M chip for the MB and non-M for the MBP. LikeLike Shameer Mulji (@shameermulji) - 10 months ago Reply Agreed. And I actually think Apple will ditch the discreet graphics on the redesigned rMBP and go Intel-integrated only. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply PCIe 4.0 this year? LikeLike Paul Van Obberghen - 10 months ago Reply I see the MacBook Air 11″ and 13″ staying as they are for another year or so, just for the sake of having a “cheap” entry level MacBook to offer. They will later be replaced completely by the MacBook range, when prices of Retina Displays and SSD will make it possible to get it into MacBook Air prices. The MacBook could gain a 14″, both with moderate power (to differenciate them from the Pro) but still very slim and long battery charge. So no Skylake for the MacBook. The MacBook Pro could loose the 13″ version, keep the 15″ and see the come back of a 17″ version. Form factor would only see minor changes expect making it a bit slimmer, probably by adopting the MacBook Keyboard and trackpad pad, and using same specialy formed batteries. Perhaps, as noticed, also in space-gray and gold. And of course Skylake and USB-C, one on each side. And Touch ID. Possibility for rationalizing the production, the Pro could have same “even” screen sizes logic as the MacBook. It would then be 14″, 16″ and 18″. I don’t see the use of a 12″ MacBook Pro. The current 13″ isn’t Pro anyway So we would have The MBA 11″ and 13″ unchanged for another year for cheap entry level. The MB with 12″ and 14″ for portability. Will replace the Air next year or so. The MBP at 14″, 16″ and 18″ for power hungry applications. I think this would make alot of sense…. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply Or 12“ Retina MacBook 14″ Retina MacBook Air 16“ Retina MacBook Pro Just the name might change its definition to suit the theme LikeLike Shameer Mulji (@shameermulji) - 10 months ago Good point. That works too. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago That seems the logical step LikeLike Paul Van Obberghen - 10 months ago I believe that would be over-simplifying the MB line. As I said, I see 3 lines (becoming 2 later): 1 for low-budget, 1 for portability and 1 for power, some with overlapping screen definitions. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Well, u’ve mentioned three u’rself. The name wouldn’t represent wh’t they use to be but exactly wh’t u said: budget, portability, power LikeLike uniszuurmond - 10 months ago Reply Let’s assume Apple goes Skylake for all models. Then the most logical direction would be to realign the three ranges (MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro) as three sizes (12″, 14″ and 16″). I believe Apple will stick to the Skylake M processor to keep the 12″ fanless, light and thin, aimed at students, home users and travellers. It may ditch the 2.5mm audio jack (if the iPhone rumours are true) for another USB-C + Thunderbolt port (assuming the first port will also be upgraded to + Thunderbolt). Next, I think Apple will go full Skylake for the 14″ and 16″ models (rather than a 15″ model). The new 14″ with narrow bezels will be similar in size to the current 13″, and the 16″ will resemble a 15″. I think the 14″ will be aimed at office and business users, with 2 USB-C + Thunderbolt ports, whereas the 16″ will be a targeting pro users, filling the gap of the previous 17″ MacBook Pro, with 4 USB-C + Thunderbolt ports. Within each screen size, I expect three levels of processor speed, and three levels of SSD storage, respectively. This would then make it more or less similar to choosing an iPad. For this reason, they may (but probably won’t) call the three versions MacBook Mini, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. This massive simplification will allow for a much easier selection of MacBooks for the not so tech-savvy consumer. LikeLiked by 1 person Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply It’s not a touchscreen so, thinning of the bezels is simple or easier therefore, u’r conclusion is very likely LikeLike Sherwin Zadeh - 10 months ago Reply Here’s another problem with removing the headphone jack from the iPhone 7: If the MacBook line retains the 3.5mm jack, then you can’t easily swap between your iPhone and MacBook — something I do a dozen times a day as I switch from taking phone calls, to Skype conference calls, listening to music, watching a video on my MacBook, etc. LikeLike Brandon Stiefel - 10 months ago Reply Macbooks have Bluetooth. Macbooks have (or will have) USB-C. So, if iPhone 7 drops the headphone jack and either uses Bluetooth or USB-C, you’d still be able to move your (new) headphones to either device. LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Reply So, how will the Intel Kabylake processor later this year would be any different? LikeLike just-a-random-dude - 10 months ago Reply > Since then, Intel gave USB-C a new capability: incorporating Thunderbolt into the chip. No, USB-C didn’t get any new capabilities. Just to clarify this, Intel didn’t add this to USB-C, it added TB3 support (and USB 3.1 Gen 2, 10Gbps) to its Alpine Ridge I/O controller that outputs to USB-C. Intel is using the built-in Alt Mode support of USB-C to carry the TB3 data. Skylake CPU also does not mean TB3 is automatically included nor the Alpine Ridge controller, it’s a separate chipset. In fact, Apple could’ve use this controller with Broadwell Intel CPUs as well, there’s no mandate to use it with Skylake. USB-C is a connector standard. It has support for Alt-Mode, allowing the chipset developers to include other technologies via this mode. In this case, Intel has added TB3 to its Alpine Ridge controller to use this Alt Mode. So, in this article, you are referring to adding Intel’s Alpine Ridge controller to Macs and even possible for future iOS devices to have support for it, like iPad Pro. If Sony comes up with a 1tbps data protocol, it can add support for it in its own custom I/O controller that outputs to USB-C and use Alt Mode to carry the custom protocol. That doesn’t mean USB-C has gotten a new capability nor does it mean all USB-C ports would support this new protocol. Is the Alpine Ridge controller small and power efficient enough to include in the Macbook, no clue. However, these were the main reasons TB2 did not take off fast on PCs the last generation, the TB controller was too big and too power hungry. Alpine Ridge is smaller and more power efficient but not to the point it may be enough for the Macbook. May also be the reason iPad Pro does not have this. LikeLike Ben Lovejoy - 10 months ago Reply I’m simplifying, of course, but I see no likelihood that Apple would adopt USB-C without Thunderbolt in future MacBooks. LikeLiked by 1 person Alex (@Lexdexia) - 10 months ago Reply All I care about is Apple giving a faster dedicated GPU to the 15″ MBP so I can enjoy the latest games. LikeLike Richard Earney (@methodphoto) - 10 months ago Reply If iPhone 7 has a Lightning port for headphones, is the Mac headphone jack also at risk? LikeLike Ben Lovejoy - 10 months ago Reply My feeling is Apple will do it in the iPhone before the Mac. LikeLike dailycardoodle - 10 months ago Reply Seems a bit confusing, I think I mostly agree. Seems obvious that Apple will want two MacBooks and two MacBook Pros. TouchID power button. MacBook 12″ (make cheaper) MacBook 14″ (new model, same idea, maybe 2 usbC ports) MacBook Pro 13″ (similar to current, thinner, new chips, plus usbC replacing regular usb on one side) MacBook Pro 15″ (similar to current, thinner, new chips, plus usbC replacing regular usb on one side) Lose the Air models LikeLike Thomas Massengale - 10 months ago Reply i’d think that the MacBook would keep using the cooler running M processors as fans are gone forever with the MacBook, and given that the current M processors sometimes have to be throttled down to reduce heat, I suspect that we’ll be seeing M chips in the MacBook line for some time to come. LikeLike Doug Aalseth - 10 months ago Reply This summer or fall I’ll be looking at replacing “The Beast” my 2012 MacBook Pro, with Quad Core i7, 2HDD (1.5TB total) and 16GB RAM. It’s the old thick heavy non retina system. Built like a tank and weighs about as much. I’ll be interested to see what’s coming out. I’ll likely go with a 13″ Pro. I have been significantly underwhelmed with the MacBook so far, I find it overpriced for what you get, especially the weak processor. I’ll go to a dual i5 because my needs have changed and I don’t need the quad i7 any more, but a Core M? Nope. Too slow, Too crippled. I’ll double check GeekBench when the scores come out but for me a Core M system starts out with two strikes. I agree that the days of the Air line are numbered. It just doesn’t make sense with the MacBook overlapping much of it’s target market. USB-C doesn’t bother me. However I will miss MagSafe. It’s saved my bacon on too many occasions to count. LikeLike Martin Burke - 10 months ago Reply Touch,yes. usb-c, yes(but at least 5 ports), and skylake is essential! Price of ssd matching competitors, ie sandisk ultraII sata3 -960GB for €210(got one last week, its a boss) and high ram. I’d be on the market to spend money not waste money, mediocre upgrades to the macbook pro line are the only reason I’m still perfectly content with my mid 2010 13″ 2.66ghz Nvidea,,,it stands up well to the models 5 years newer. power requirement reduction should give a longer working day, not allow a manoeuvrability in the size of the battery. On a side note, 14″ and 16″ models should be the new standards for MBP, set them apart from the MB series. LikeLike Lee Crockford - 10 months ago Reply If the iPhone moves towards bluetooth headphones only, then if wouldn’t be such a stretch to imagine that the MacBook might lose the jack in favour of a second USB-C slot… LikeLike Emre Güler (@mreguler) - 10 months ago Reply If Apple will introduce EarPods with Lightning connector, I think that they should also have the Lightning port on the new MacBooks. LikeLike Wikus Barkhuizen (@DalstonAirhead) - 10 months ago Reply I’ve been on the market for an upgrade to my MacBook Pro 2011 but have been delaying a new purchase due to the shoddy storage on the baseline model. Even the model up is not very generous. I use cloud storage, but don’t see why I should make compromises on a premium laptop. The current models also seem a bit dated both in terms of hardware and design. I’m very tempted by the Surface Book. As an Apple fanboy it takes a lot to move me to consider switching to PC, but now that Windows 10 have narrowed the gap between the two main os, and the Surface Book screaming of innovation and premium design, the next MacBook Pro will have to come soon and really impress. LikeLike slowawake - 10 months ago Reply Reallllly hoping to see a 2TB storage option in the 2016 15″ MBP. I may be finally ready to retire my 2011 with 1.75TB of storage if so.🙂 I will miss the antiglare screen though. LikeLike Liam Deckham - 10 months ago Reply 2TB is a must. slowawake is right! And I will never use iCloud for my most important files, especially given how I am forced to use iCloud “Apple’s way”. LikeLiked by 1 person Wir erklären Technik (@mediacontor) - 10 months ago 1. Never Trust the Cloud 2. Apple should not downgrade the pro Book – 2 TB SSD, 3 x USB-C, 2 x lightning port, 1 x headphone jack LikeLike Doug Aalseth - 10 months ago Never Trust the Cloud? That seems a bit harsh. I use it as one level of backup. One level of storage. It’s not perfect, it could fail too but a local HDD will fail too. Paper can be burned. You can’t trust any storage media 100%. The Cloud is good for what it’s good for . LikeLike Gabriel Metzger - 10 months ago Reply I already own a MacBook so I am completely okay with only USB-C. Get rid of the headphone jack on the MacBook for all I care. Wireless headphones for the win. LikeLiked by 1 person 2reasy - 10 months ago Reply My predictions Macbook 12″ one USB-C port, one lighting port. No headphone jack, $900 Macbook Plus 14″ two USB-C, one lightning port, no headphone jack. $1100 Macbook Pro 16″ four USB-C, two lightning ports, one micro SD Card, no headphone jack. $1300 LikeLiked by 1 person 2reasy - 10 months ago Reply And the Macbook Pro will have 4k retina LikeLike Avieshek (@avieshek) - 10 months ago Or 12″ MacBook with 2K 14″ MacBook with 4K 15″ MacBook with 5K when iMac goes 8K, as announced by LG a year ago LikeLike frankfrank23 - 10 months ago Reply how about 12″ and 14″ macbook, 14″ and 16″ mbp and for one keeping for one more year one model 13″mba like they kept the old mbp around. of course all mb and mbp in three colors and the mbp innew design. i doubt Touch ID but we can hope right. i think we will see higher ssd capacities more ram and three usbc/tb3, one hdmi on one usb3 port on the mbp models. there is no need to piss the pro users of that much, so i think they will keep it. as for the macbook i think they will get two ubsc ports as the backlash was too hard and everybody agreed that one port sucks. LikeLike frankfrank23 - 10 months ago Reply and they better keep that magsafe around in the pro models. there is no need to remove those in a bigger pro macbook! everybody loves that thing so please apple dont go crazy on that front! LikeLike Gene Brown - 10 months ago Reply I think they will go 12″ Mac Book as the evolution of the Air, and it would be cool and different to see 2 models of the Mac Book Pro a 14″ and 16″ model making things very simple for consumer choice. Core M should be just fine for most students and light users where the two pro models would give semi pro and hard core pro users a couple of options. LikeLike triankar - 10 months ago Reply Ben, regarding the Air you forgot to factor in one thing: cost. The absolutely cheapest Mac laptop runs at $899 (11″ MBA). The cheapest MacBook 12 is $1299. So, if Apple means to drop the Air models, its entry-level laptop will be nowhere near as affordable. Things I expect to happen: – MacBook 12 prices drop to (slightly) more reasonable levels overall – We see a 4GB/128GB MacBook 12 with a $999 price as the new entry-level Apple laptop – Air models get dropped or at least receive minimal attention (depending on how aggressive Apple wants to be about it) – rMBP loses some fat (hello, Jony), the Thunderbolt ports (easy one) and MagSafe (I’ll miss it), gains USB-C ports (no-brainer) and hopefully retains at least one USB-A port. It would be nice if they at least kept a microSD port, when these cards are the de facto standard out there, but that’s an easy “not happening”. An adapter it is, then – the replacement of the Apple Thunderbolt Display is announced. A 27 inch 5K display with all the much-awaited USB-C / USB-A / TB / Ethernet ports around the back. Firewire? Not really. Price jumps from $999 back to $1299 or thereabouts, just because they can – we start seeing official USB-C to Lightning cables and wall adapters. It’s about time (September at the latest). If the new rMBP is around 1300 grams (MBA-13 levels) and below, that’ll be very nice. It’s my only complaint with my current rMBP13. I also wouldn’t mind if the MB12 gained another USB-C port. I’d argue it’s still much-needed in 2016, but I don’t see it happening. LikeLike Ben Lovejoy - 10 months ago Reply For entry-level, the existing MBA could remain on sale for another year or so. I’d also expect the 12-inch MacBook to fall in price this year or next. LikeLike Eric Thomas Craven - 10 months ago Reply I’m all about everything mentioned here. However, if the iPhone drops the audio jack in favor of lightning bolt headphones…I’d like the rest of their devices to do the same, particularly the MacBook Pro, so I’m not carrying around two pairs of headphones everywhere I go. LikeLiked by 1 person Panny (@FrostPanny) - 10 months ago Reply All they really need is a beefier graphics card, the rest is configurable anyway. But you can’t yet configure a MacBook/Pro to get a NVIDIA GeForce GPU equivalent or anything near it. Though, I guess it would be nice to be seeing 32GB of RAM, but it wouldn’t be as necessary as a better GPU in my opinion. That’s just me though. LikeLike enginefd - 10 months ago Reply I love the idea of the MBP going to 14″ and 16″. I currently have a 13″ MBP that I am looking to upgrade. Wanted the 15″ in order to have more screen real estate when editing photos in Photoshop. They 14″ model would do that for me while still maintaining the same compact dimensions. Can’t wait for Apple to finally upgrade them MBP line, it feels like I have been waiting forever. I refused to upgrade last year because there pretty much was only a slight upgrade and I wanted the performance from the Skylake processors. LikeLike Denis Musa (@DenisMusa) - 10 months ago Reply I would like to hear what u guys think, i want to buy a MacBook Pro, 13″ but after reading this, i really dont know what to do. And i really hate USB-C. But i really need advice if i should wait or just buy now. Any problems with the MacBook Pro 13″ thats on the market? LikeLike slowawake - 10 months ago Reply It was updated in March of last year, so keep that in mind — it’s due for a refresh sometime *relatively* soon. If you NEED a Mac, buy now — but if I didn’t need one right away I’d definitely hold out for a refresh. And no there’s nothing inherently wrong with the current model, but it’s hard to say in the context of the unknown upcoming model what you might be missing out on. LikeLike Ben Kahn - 10 months ago Reply Nope nothing wrong with it. I use one at work and it’s a fantastic mix of power and portability. Like slowawake says though if you want the newest try to hold out for a few months and at least keep an eye out for a bargain as it is last year’s model at this point! I would also say to get at least the 256GB memory option. I have that and do lots of video and some podcasting without running into space issues. LikeLike Jerry Yeager (@aka_JYeager) - 10 months ago Reply Dropping the SDXC slot would be a disaster unless you are trying to have people away from the platform. While it is true that more camera makers are supporting wireless photo transfers, these are for mostly small jpegs created for viewing on a phone, not the large jpegs and definitely not the raw files that are going to be processed. Nikon flat out tells you on their web site that large files are a problem to transfer wirelessly. Other makers do not allow for any transfers other than small jpegs for this reason. Even the upcoming 802.11ad standards do not allow for the bandwidth needed to handle those kinds of transfers. Say you are a photographer that uses their MBP on site to assess their progress and to show their clients a sample of what to expect, so you pull out the five or six 128GB or 256GB sdxc cards you have filled so far on your photo shoot. Trying to ‘wirelessly’ scroll through the samples will be a nightmare that will end you up with dead batteries in your equipment and a client that is annoyed because you wasted their time. Using the sdxc slot for quick large file transfer is as common as usb flash drives. These slots should stay. LikeLike Samuel Brownfield - 10 months ago Reply Laptop computers generally do not benefit much from a fingerprint sensor – that’s why they typically are not put on computers. Phones and tablets are on and off an excessive amount making a fingerprint reader beneficial to users so you do not have to type in your password on a crummy touch keyboard every 5 minutes. Security is paramount on a portable device as it’s more likely to fall into somebody elses hands. With a laptop, you’re generally in possession and using the device for long sessions in which is will not sleep. …If it does sleep, you can set it to ignore password input for varying hours. You shouldn’t be leaving a $1500+ laptop laying around such that you need to enter a password if it falls asleep for a couple hours. Then when you have to enter the pw – you have a real keyboard to enter the pw in seconds. I wouldn’t expect to see a fingerprint sensor on the 2016 computers – it’s a highly unnecessary feature that would get little use. I hope that they would put other features in or lower the cost vs. putting in a touch sensor… LikeLike Robert Butler - 10 months ago Reply As a VJ/DJ, I use two thunderbolt ports (three is perfect) and would definitely want 3 USB ports. DEALBREAKER if these are gone. LikeLike Ben Kahn - 10 months ago Reply my guesses: Macbook Pro gets no big changes. It will get Skylake and replace Thunderbolt with USB-C ports. Keeps at least 1 USB 3.0 port, and form factor remains the same with 13″ and 15″ models, no new colors. No 32 GB option, that’s ridiculous for a laptop. the 11″ Macbook Air goes away. The 13″ Macbook Air remains as the cheapest, entry level option. Not sure on processor or USB-C. I have a feeling it will stick around but not get the latest in terms of specs and hardware features. Similiar low-res screen, but maybe gets an IPS panel. If no hardware updates at all, 13″ might drop in price to whatever the 11″ sells for now. Maybe gets some zany new colors. 12″ Macbook will be updated with a new processor, touch ID and 1 additional USB-C port, and a 14″ Macbook will be introduced. Remember inches refers to the diagonal width of the screen, not the actual size of the laptop. The new Macbook’s bezel is so much thinner, a 14″ would be very close in size to the super popular 13″ MBA but with a new sexy, slightly larger screen. Then in a few years as the Macbook becomes commodified the MBA will go away or finally be replaced. I also think it’s totally possible the new Macbook line gets rebranded as Macbook Air 2 or just Macbook Air if the original goes away. This is their big bet for the near future of laptop computing. Once the Core M processors for it get up to snuff, and I think they are very close, this is going to be the laptop everyone wants. The non-Retina Macbook Pro with DVD drive goes away at some point this year. LikeLike Mike Arrigo - 8 months ago Reply 32 GB is not ridiculous for a business user on a Macbook Pro. When doing legal research and documents I often have a 90 page Word document open, Excel, Safari, and perhaps Evernote and PowerPoint. My 2014 Macbook Pro running El Capitan with 16 Gig of RAM grinds to a near halt, memory available is almost zero. Don’t even think about opening Outlook. For a serious multi-tasking professional user 32 or even 64 gig RAM is a requirement. No I do not want to buy a Mac Pro. LikeLike Craig Cruden - 9 months ago Reply What I am looking for if my use-case is to replace my current desktop as my primary machine. I would want a Macbook pro 13″ (based on current size) that has a fast SSD (512), ability to hook up 3 or 4 monitors (currently down to 3 HDMIish resolution one (would replace with one huge 4k one if price was reasonable – huge as in 55″), processing power equivalent of 8-core Mac Pro 2008 (which would be about 33% more than the top end skylake 2-core one – so a quad-core would do it), and preferably an option to increase memory to 32GB (but 16GB is fine). With current technology it is easily doable – it all comes down to battery life (if skylake 30% more power efficient then a quad-core could probably be brought into the 13″ without affecting battery life more than 10%). — If it is just a secondary computer, then just updating the Macbook to Skylake would be fine. LikeLike Jerry Suppan - 9 months ago Reply Thanks for that pretty thorough analysis of what to expect. I think this is pretty much spot on as to what to expect. I would like to see a change in Apple’s overall stingy nature. Ports, memory, storage. Macbook – It would be a lot more appealing if there were minimally two (2) USB Type-C ports. One for charging and a second one to simultaneously be able to use an external peripheral without hanging a large and relatively heavy, clunky adapter or breakout box. Or perhaps to be able to use an external monitor closed lid and external storage. For this reason I still will not consider a Macbook (not to mention it’s power performance) Having said that, as an alternative, I could consider one as a replacement for any iPad (including iPad Pro) to preclude any more iPad purchases. Since it is obvious Apple will not converge OS-X and iOS any time soon, the Macbook could be a consideration in lieu of any iPad. An inexpensive ASUS ZenPad 8″ could be used for any sort of iPad type functionality someone might want. Apple could, and should converge their OSes, but won’t until the competition is doing it so well Apple has no choice but to follow suit to remain competitive. Thus, sooner or later it will have to evolve. Comparatively, Surface pro already offers a powerful (Core i7-based) full-fledge PC as well as it being a tablet. There is also a rumor Google might converge ChromeOS and Android into an Androidbook type of device. Macbook Pro – 16/32 Memory options are definitely in order, especially one is to do ‘heavy lifting’ productions like video edits, conversion, rendering, CAD/CAM, whatever. Also, I would like to see a 2TB option in addition to the 500GB/1TB options for internal storage. Both of these requests are technically doable. So again, it all depends will lighten up on stinginess or not. If we are to call this a ‘Pro’ machine, make it a pro machine with differentiating factors. LikeLiked by 1 person Ali Sadjadi - 8 months ago Reply what about memory many of us have been waiting for 32GB forever LikeLiked by 1 person Ikos Log (@Ikoslog) - 7 months ago Reply Touch ID – This would be HUGE and would , perhaps, even get some PC users over to Mac. integrating it into the OS to allow fingerprint for all passwords in web browser / applications etc has been needed on desktop and especially laptop computers for a decade — The fingerprint scanner works flawlessly on my Iphone 6s — So why not here. Price! — Come on Apple. Shift up the structure of these computers a bit. Let us build them with Ram Options, SSD HD Space,.. etc — Give people a BREAK on price. A 512GB SSD (ONLY) in an i5 or i7 on a Macbook pro does NOT dictate 2500-3,000 — That’s insane. The build quality is nice, aluminum, nice keyboard, quality — I get it,.. but you can match the hardware for literally 1/4th of the price — Bring the price back some (I know this won’t happen.) Add TWO hard drives. Or at LEAST add in a slim 2.5″ 9mm (or so) slot for someone to add another SSD or Platter Hard drive if they want to go with a 128/256/etc SSD — Limiting people to just these tiny SSD’s in 2-3 thousand dollar laptops is insane. The cloud is great, but come on.. local programs matter and internet speeds have not caught up with Sata rates. So: 1) Fingerprint for login/all passwords. 2) Add two hard drives (the SSD + Platter combo, or even just an empty slot inside for adding another HD) 3) If you won’t ease up on the ridiculous price – At least make the computer hardware be 50% of what the price premium is. IE: The 2500+ Macbook Pro’s with a 512GB SSD, i7, — Bump that to a Terrabyte SSD. The RAM,.. for 3 grand,.. come on,.. put that at 32GB+. I’m about to buy a macbook pro – but the thing that I can’t get over is the price for a 128GB or 256GB SSD. I’m not going to buy anything now with a platter as the OS drive.. it’s 2016, it’s a 2-3K+ price tag let’s be real. I can handle a tiny SSD if there were a 2.5″ bay to throw in another SSD or Platter (or SSHD) — I mean these Macbook pro’s are the top of the top from what Apple has to offer – they are for Video Editing, Music Composition, and other ‘heavy duty” computing — These things need space by default and not just in a cloud. Also, it’s a laptop, aka: Portable – The extra storage needs to be able to be integrated into the machine (I have no problem buying and installing it myself, would prefer this actually.) LikeLiked by 1 person slowawake - 7 months ago Reply 2.5″/SATA drives are not coming back to MacBooks *ever* — forget about it. LikeLike Dan Dunes Lamb - 5 months ago Reply It’s amazing how much Mac people whine about the lack of improvements. I just got a mid 2014 Macbook Pro 15″ 2.2ghz i7 – 16gb ram Retina, but up until a month ago, my early 2011 Macbook Pro 2.2ghz i7 , 16gb Ram and upgraded to SSD was a badass machine for 5 1/2 years. Seriously, I would put that 5 1/2 year old computer up against almost any PC. Not only that, I paid 2k for that computer in March of 2011 and in June of 2016 I just sold it for $700. I’m not easy on computers either. I am a journalist in the motocross and supercross industry and use these computers 50-60 hours a week and take them to dusty, smokey, dirty events all year around. With that, that 2011 worked as good as they day I bought it. Well, actually better because I put an SSD in it, but not a single hinge, case , hardware issue in all those years. I simply replaced the battery one time. If this 2014 lasts me that long, I will be the first in like to buy my next computer in 2020. No other computer company can claim to have that kind of quality behind their computers. It’s funny, you all say they don’t care about computers any more, but I say BS. When you do something perfect the first time, you don’t have to put out updates every 2 months. LikeLike Adrian Kwiatkowski - 1 month ago Reply My prediction is: – MBA’s get dropped – MBP’s redesigned to mimic MB design (but thicker to allow for higher specs + more battery) – MBP sizes in 14″ and 16″. LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Intel Corporation vs. Texas Instruments One chipmaker outperformed the sector as the other fell behind. Which stock now has more upside potential from current prices? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 15, 2016 at 4:00PM Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN) are very different chipmakers. Intel mainly sells CPUs for PCs and data centers, while TI produces cheaper analog and embedded chips for a wide variety of industries. Yet Intel has risen just 7% in 2016 -- underperforming the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index's 21% gain -- while TI outperformed the index with a 24% gain. Image source: Getty Images. Will Intel continue lagging behind as TI keeps rising? Or does Intel, as a contrarian play, now have more upside potential than Texas Instruments? To find that answer, we should examine why TI rallied and why Intel slipped behind over the past year. Why is Texas Instruments on fire? On the surface, TI's growth doesn't look very exciting. Its revenue fell 0.4% last year, due to headwinds in personal electronics and wireless infrastructure, but is expected to rise 0.5% this year on the growth of its industrial and automotive businesses. Earnings rose 9% last year and are expected to grow another 12% this year. However, the chipmaker has a strong track record of growing its margins. After abandoning the more competitive mobile application processor and baseband modem markets several years ago, TI pivoted toward the production of low-cost analog and embedded chips. Its recent production shift from 200-millimeter to 300-millimeter wafers also reduced its chip production costs by about 40%. The long-term impact on TI's gross margin over the past five years is easy to see: Data by YCharts. Those rising margins generate stronger free cash flow, which has risen at a compound annual growth rate of 7% between 2004 and 2015. TI consistently returns around 100% of its free cash flow to shareholders via buybacks and dividends. It's reduced its total share count by 42% since 2004 and raised its dividend for 12 consecutive years. While TI's forward yield of 2.2% is lower than many other "mature tech" peers, its well-diversified business model, rising margins, and shareholder-friendly goals make it a fairly low-risk semiconductor play. Why is Intel in trouble? Intel's sales dipped 1% last year but are expected to rise 6% this year. Earnings rose less than 1% last year, but are expected to grow 11% this year. Five main factors throttled Intel's growth: weak PC sales, sluggish enterprise spending on data centers, falling prices of memory chips (which it sells through its non-volatile memory unit), poor progress in mobile chips, and its lackluster growth in the Internet of Things market. Intel's top- and bottom-line numbers aren't terrible -- they're just mediocre. Its client computing (PC/mobile) group revenue fell 3% annually last quarter, while its data center revenue rose just 5%. That data center growth figure, which was partly blamed on weak sales in China, disappointed many investors, as Intel previously claimed that the unit could post 15% annual growth between 2015 and 2019. Intel already controls about 99% of the data center chip market, making it tough for the business to continue growing if enterprise customers postpone chip upgrades. Meanwhile, rival chipmakers like Qualcomm, IBM, and NVIDIA are all looking for ways to dent Intel's market share with cheaper or more specialized server chips. Intel is trying to offset its weakness in PCs and data centers with sales of memory chips and IoT modules, but low margins in both markets have weighed down Intel's gross margins over the past year. Data by YCharts. Like TI, Intel is a fairly shareholder-friendly company. Over the past 12 months, it spent 23% of its free cash flow on buybacks and 40% on dividends. It's reduced its share count by 18% over the past decade, and it pays a forward yield of 2.8%. But unlike TI, Intel doesn't have a habit of raising its dividend every four quarters. Which chipmaker is a better buy today? Texas Instruments currently trades at 23 times earnings, which is higher than Intel's P/E of 18 and the industry average of 22 for broad line semiconductor companies. Analysts expect TI's earnings to grow 10% annually over the next five years, which gives it a five-year PEG ratio of 2.3. Since a PEG ratio under 1 is considered cheap, TI doesn't look undervalued relative to its long-term earnings growth potential. Intel is also expected to grow its annual earnings by 10% during that period, but its lower P/E ratio gives it a cheaper PEG ratio of 1.5. Based on those figures, Intel is the cheaper stock with a higher dividend. Therefore, while I believe TI is still a solid long-term investment for conservative investors, Intel looks like it has more upside potential from current prices. However, that growth will depend heavily on the recovery of the PC market, its ability to continue growing its data center business, recovering memory prices, and its expansions into adjacent markets. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends NVIDIA and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 4:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Texas Instruments NASDAQ:TXN $71.03 up $1.01 (1.44%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Intel Corporation vs. Texas Instruments One chipmaker outperformed the sector as the other fell behind. Which stock now has more upside potential from current prices? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 15, 2016 at 4:00PM Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN) are very different chipmakers. Intel mainly sells CPUs for PCs and data centers, while TI produces cheaper analog and embedded chips for a wide variety of industries. Yet Intel has risen just 7% in 2016 -- underperforming the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index's 21% gain -- while TI outperformed the index with a 24% gain. Image source: Getty Images. Will Intel continue lagging behind as TI keeps rising? Or does Intel, as a contrarian play, now have more upside potential than Texas Instruments? To find that answer, we should examine why TI rallied and why Intel slipped behind over the past year. Why is Texas Instruments on fire? On the surface, TI's growth doesn't look very exciting. Its revenue fell 0.4% last year, due to headwinds in personal electronics and wireless infrastructure, but is expected to rise 0.5% this year on the growth of its industrial and automotive businesses. Earnings rose 9% last year and are expected to grow another 12% this year. However, the chipmaker has a strong track record of growing its margins. After abandoning the more competitive mobile application processor and baseband modem markets several years ago, TI pivoted toward the production of low-cost analog and embedded chips. Its recent production shift from 200-millimeter to 300-millimeter wafers also reduced its chip production costs by about 40%. The long-term impact on TI's gross margin over the past five years is easy to see: Data by YCharts. Those rising margins generate stronger free cash flow, which has risen at a compound annual growth rate of 7% between 2004 and 2015. TI consistently returns around 100% of its free cash flow to shareholders via buybacks and dividends. It's reduced its total share count by 42% since 2004 and raised its dividend for 12 consecutive years. While TI's forward yield of 2.2% is lower than many other "mature tech" peers, its well-diversified business model, rising margins, and shareholder-friendly goals make it a fairly low-risk semiconductor play. Why is Intel in trouble? Intel's sales dipped 1% last year but are expected to rise 6% this year. Earnings rose less than 1% last year, but are expected to grow 11% this year. Five main factors throttled Intel's growth: weak PC sales, sluggish enterprise spending on data centers, falling prices of memory chips (which it sells through its non-volatile memory unit), poor progress in mobile chips, and its lackluster growth in the Internet of Things market. Intel's top- and bottom-line numbers aren't terrible -- they're just mediocre. Its client computing (PC/mobile) group revenue fell 3% annually last quarter, while its data center revenue rose just 5%. That data center growth figure, which was partly blamed on weak sales in China, disappointed many investors, as Intel previously claimed that the unit could post 15% annual growth between 2015 and 2019. Intel already controls about 99% of the data center chip market, making it tough for the business to continue growing if enterprise customers postpone chip upgrades. Meanwhile, rival chipmakers like Qualcomm, IBM, and NVIDIA are all looking for ways to dent Intel's market share with cheaper or more specialized server chips. Intel is trying to offset its weakness in PCs and data centers with sales of memory chips and IoT modules, but low margins in both markets have weighed down Intel's gross margins over the past year. Data by YCharts. Like TI, Intel is a fairly shareholder-friendly company. Over the past 12 months, it spent 23% of its free cash flow on buybacks and 40% on dividends. It's reduced its share count by 18% over the past decade, and it pays a forward yield of 2.8%. But unlike TI, Intel doesn't have a habit of raising its dividend every four quarters. Which chipmaker is a better buy today? Texas Instruments currently trades at 23 times earnings, which is higher than Intel's P/E of 18 and the industry average of 22 for broad line semiconductor companies. Analysts expect TI's earnings to grow 10% annually over the next five years, which gives it a five-year PEG ratio of 2.3. Since a PEG ratio under 1 is considered cheap, TI doesn't look undervalued relative to its long-term earnings growth potential. Intel is also expected to grow its annual earnings by 10% during that period, but its lower P/E ratio gives it a cheaper PEG ratio of 1.5. Based on those figures, Intel is the cheaper stock with a higher dividend. Therefore, while I believe TI is still a solid long-term investment for conservative investors, Intel looks like it has more upside potential from current prices. However, that growth will depend heavily on the recovery of the PC market, its ability to continue growing its data center business, recovering memory prices, and its expansions into adjacent markets. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends NVIDIA and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 4:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Texas Instruments NASDAQ:TXN $71.03 up $1.01 (1.44%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Four Chip Picks as Earnings Improve Top picks include Broadcom, Microchip Technology, KLA-Tencor and Intel. Oct. 13, 2016 2:57 p.m. ET Credit Suisse In the calendar second quarter we argued “Not Down Is the New Up.” In the calendar third quarter, “Up Is the New Up.” Despite the calendar third- and fourth-quarter estimates that are above-seasonal, we expect semiconductors to report in line with upside bias, especially semiconductors levered to PCs/Apple (ticker: AAPL): 1) excluding-Apple semiconductor revenue estimates are about in line with seasonal; 2)... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. How to Improve Your Credit Score ...From the Man Who Knows Best Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Howard Marks on Trump, The Election and Markets Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 6 Amazon-Proof Retail Stocks to Buy Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Apple iGlass is a Great Name, But It Won’t Help the Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 4 Ways to Improve Your Credit Score 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Apple and More 3 Unloved Financial Stock Soaring on Trump Win Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this x86 Arm Data Center Cloud Google: We look forward to running non-Intel processors in our cloud OK, so someone's angling for a discount Eye see you ... Big Blue boffin Jennifer Chu holds a Power CPU die (Source: IBM) 15 Oct 2016 at 07:42, Chris Williams Chris Williams Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Arm, Apple, Intel, Microsoft Recent Articles Today the web was broken by countless hacked devices – your 60-second summary AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Intel stock falls on glum Q4 Google has gently increased pressure on Intel – its main source for data-center processors – by saying it is "looking forward" to using chips from IBM and other semiconductor rivals. The web advertising giant said it hopes to use a mix of "architectures within our cloud" in the future. Back in April, Google revealed it had ported its online services to Big Blue's Power processors, and that its toolchain could output code for Intel x86, IBM Power and 64-bit ARM cores at the flip of a command-line switch. As well as Power systems, Google is experimenting with ARM server-class chips and strives to be as platform agnostic as possible. The keyword here is experimenting: the vast majority of Google's production compute workloads right now run on Intel x86 processors. In fact, according to IDC, more than 95 per cent of the world's data center compute workloads run on Intel chips. Thus, to keep its supply options open, to keep Intel from price gouging it, and to evaluate competing hardware, Google test drives servers with non-x86 CPUs. It makes sense to widen your horizons. On Friday this week, Google stepped up from simply toying with gear from Intel's competitors to signaling it seriously hopes to deploy public cloud services powered by IBM Power chips. "We look forward to a future of heterogeneous architectures within our cloud," said John Zipfel, Google Cloud's technical program manager. This comes as Google shared draft blueprints for the Zaius P9 server: an OpenCAPI and Open-Compute-friendly box with an IBM Power9 scale-out microprocessor at its heart. That's the same Power9 the US government is using in its upcoming monster supercomputers. Google has worked with Rackspace, IBM and Ingrasys on the Zaius designs – you may recall that the Zaius concept was unveiled in April. The Zaius block diagram ... click to enlarge (Source: Google) OpenCAPI is the anyone-but-Intel interconnect fabric that emerged this week; the Zaius P9's OpenCAPI compatibility, and support for Nvidia's high-speed NVLink, further highlights Google's reluctance to be shackled to Intel. As well as supporting OpenCAPI, the Z9 has 16 channels of DDR4 memory, SATA and USB interfaces, gigabit Ethernet, BMC and serial access, and a bunch of PCIe gen-4 interfaces. It takes a 48V supply – a voltage level that apparently hits a sweet-spot for data center machines in terms of power and energy efficiency – and meets the Open Rack v2 standard. The blueprints will be submitted to the Open Compute Project (OCP) to evaluate and approve. Hyper-scale companies like Google and Facebook publish their server specifications so Asian hardware manufacturers can mass produce them on the cheap, relatively speaking. That way, cloud giants get to buy exactly what they want without having to negotiate deals with traditional server vendors like Hewlett Packard Enterprise. "We've shared these designs with the OCP community for feedback, and will submit them to the OCP Foundation later this year for review," explained Zipfel. "This is a draft specification of a preliminary, untested design, but we’re hoping that an early release will drive collaboration and discussion within the community." Aside from compute workloads, we understand Google uses customized Nvidia GPUs for its AI-powered Google Translate service, and no doubt in other platforms too alongside its machine-learning ASIC. It also uses a customized network controller with builtin intelligence to manage and access vast pools of cached information with low latency. If you work at Google, and you need some silicon for your application, the answer is not always "Intel." ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 46 Comments More from The Register Xeon Phight! Phight! Phight! Nvidia says Intel cheated benchmarks Xeon Phi vs. GPU comparison needs a level playing field 4 Comments Intel's Knights Landing: Fresh x86 Xeon Phi lineup for HPC and AI Machine learning folk, you want to sit up and pay attention here Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? HPC blog We love your deep learning benchmark 'mistakes' 6 Comments IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world HPC Blog NVLink, big bandwidth, but is it enough? 61 Comments Elastic acquires predictive analytics firm Buy Prelert, the world needs... um VMS will be ready to run on x86 in 2019! Or 2018 if you're brave. For now, we have a boot screen! 64 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? VMware do we go from here? Speaking in Tech: 'Healthy friction' among vendors at Cloud Foundry Speaking in Tech: Public cloud 'explodes'. Oh yeah? Show your sources Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News Releases 2013 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for October 15, 2016 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed GammaTech to Feature Newest Rugged Computers at US Army Aberdeen Proving Ground Fall Technology Expo Designed for Harsh, Demanding Applications, DURABOOK's Rugged Devices Are Ideal Solutions for Military Personnel     FREMONT, CA, October 15, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- GammaTech, a major international manufacturer and supplier of innovative notebook and tablet computers, will showcase its latest DURABOOK line of mobile rugged computer options for US Army - PEO C3T, IEWS, WIN-T (Tactical command and Control Community) at the US Army Aberdeen Proving Ground Fall Technology Expo International in Aberdeen, MD on October 19th. Meeting or exceeding most difficult Military Standards, DURABOOK computers are designed for demanding environments and can withstand the most hostile, toughest military applications. Whether in actual combat or preparing for it, these rugged devices offer power, performance and reliability to meet the needs of today's military personnel. Below are the DURABOOK products that suit the needs of military users the best and will be featured at the expo: R8300 Fully Rugged Notebook Designed to withstand extremely harsh environments, the R8300 notebook meets a host of rugged certifications such as Military Standard 810G, 461F, IP65, ANSI ISA Standard 12.12.01, allowing it to be confidently used by army, navy and air force military forces. This fully rugged powerhouse features a 13.3" TFT LCD display with sunlight readability and is equipped with Intel 6th generation Skylake processor and DDR4 system memory for unsurpassed performance. It comes with quick-release HDD-storage capability, 9 hours of battery life (with an optional hot-swappable second battery pack for up to 16 hours of operation with both packs), TPM2.0 advanced security protection, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, GPS module, and more. The R8300 is covered by DURABOOK's Peace of Mind (POM) warranty for three years. R11 Fully Rugged Tablet The R11 rugged tablet gives military personnel the portability they need to get the job done, whether at the office, in-vehicle, or in the field. The R11 is the lightest and thinnest rugged tablet PC in its class at only 2.73 pounds including battery. Featuring an optional detachable keyboard, the R11 easily becomes a 2-in-1 that can work as a laptop and offer a high-performance, complete mobile computing solution. The R11 comes with a powerful 5th generation Intel Broadwell Core processor and features an 11.6" TFT LCD capacitive touch display. The R11 functions for up to seven hours (optional extended battery pack provides up to 14 hours of operation), includes an M2-SATA SSD, microSD card slot, full HD camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, enhanced CAC Reader (Smart Card Reader), and standard security features. It is certified to stringent MIL-STD-810G, MIL-STD-461F, ANSI ISA Standard 12.12.01, and IP65 specifications, and is covered by DURABOOK's Peace of Mind (POM) warranty for three years. S15AB Rugged Notebook An Honorable Mention recipient in the 2015 CRN Test Center's "2015 Products of the Year" listing, the S15AB is the lightest and thinnest 15.6" rugged notebook on the market. The unit features a generous 15.6" LCD display with full high-definition resolution (1920x1080 resolution); Intel's 5th generation Broadwell U series CPU; up to 16GB of memory; and the popular built-in DURABOOK toughness. It comes with a capacitive touch pad with L/R buttons to support multi-finger tracking and gestures; an integrated web camera with microphone; a built-in SD card reader, and support for SDXC cards; and a Smart Card reader that allows the card to be fully inserted. With its variety of security systems, the DURABOOK S15AB is ideal for many military applications. SA14 Rugged Notebook The built-tough and rugged DURABOOK SA14 notebook has been updated to better serve the needs of military professions that require ultimate portability and versatility. Updates include a choice from four Intel 6th generation Skylake turbo processors; a graphics package featuring Intel HD Graphics 520; greater system memory; enhanced wireless/communications capability; added interface options; the inclusion of Microsoft Windows 10 operating system; a three-year warranty period, and more. The SA14 features 14.0" HD LCD Touchscreen, 2.5" 9.5mm SATA HDD storage with exclusive HDD quick-release feature, a 2.0MP webcam, and special stealth mode with optional night-vision mode setting. It meets the MIL-STD- 810G and IP53 standards for drop, vibration, dust and water resistance. Availability The DURABOOK R11, S15AB, S14A, and R8300 are available through authorized resellers nationwide and at http://www.GammaTechUSA.com. All DURABOOK computers may be customized for unique customer requirements. About GammaTech Computer Corporation GammaTech is a leader in the design, manufacture and sales of cost-effective, high-performance mobile computing solutions throughout North America. Its award-winning line of rugged and hardened notebook and tablet computers are designed and built-to-order to increase mobile productivity for business, government, healthcare, fire, public safety and a host of other entities. GammaTech offers a complete portfolio of products that delivers power and performance needed in the most demanding work environments, resulting in increased productivity and accelerated return on investment. GammaTech is headquartered in Fremont, California, which provides the final assembly, inventory, service and technical support. For more information, visit GammaTech at http://www.GammaTechUSA.com. On Site Contact: Patrick Brennan Business Development Manager GammaTech Computer Corporation Cell: 510-760-1889 Patrickb@gammatechusa.com Media Contact: Rita Lee Copernio Tel. 714-891-3660 GammaTech@copernio.com All products/services and trademarks mentioned in this release are the properties of their respective companies. 2016 GammaTech Computer Corporation. All rights reserved. # # # Read more Press Releases from Rita Lee: DURABOOK Rugged Computers for Oil and Gas Industry at PBIOS 2016 GammaTech Announces New DURABOOK Channel Program for Rugged Computers GammaTech DURABOOK R11 Rugged Tablet Now Available in Bundled Configurations GammaTech To Feature Newest Healthcare Industry Optimized PCs At HIMSS15 GammaTech's Rugged Notebook and Tablet PCs to be Featured at DistribuTECH GammaTech Offers Medical-Grade DURABOOK P24 All-In-One PC For Healthcare Market GammaTech to Show Newest Rugged Computers for Public Safety at IACP 2014 GammaTech to Show Rugged Notebooks for Sheriff Departments at NSA Annual Conference & Exhibition GammaTech Set to Launch Revamped Website Magellan RoadMate PND With Integrated DashCam Now Available Contact Information Rita Lee GammaTech Garden Grove, California United States Voice: n/a E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2016 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Potential Blow to Intel Corporation's Foundry Efforts A recent disclosure from TSMC suggests that it may have neutralized Intel's competitive advantage in this area of chip manufacturing. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 14, 2016 at 8:23PM Image source: Intel.  For years now, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) has been boasting that its current 14-nanometer and upcoming 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technologies can be used to create more densely packed chips than competing technologies from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM). Increased chip density, Intel claims, allows for a lower cost per transistor, ultimately meaning that a denser technology can enable a chip with more features than the same chip built on a less-dense technology for the same cost, or the same chip built more cheaply.  Indeed, Intel claimed at a presentation earlier this year that its 10-nanometer manufacturing technology offers "close to a full generation lead in logic density" compared to competing 10-nanometer technologies. I don't disbelieve Intel's claims comparing its 10-nanometer technology to competing 10-nanometer technologies. It does appear that the company's 10-nanometer technology can deliver significantly smaller chip areas than competing 10-nanometer technologies. However, Intel has completely ignored, at least in its public messaging, the fact that its 10-nanometer technology will be going up against TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, not TSMC's 10-nanometer technology. As luck would have it, TSMC recently disclosed a key piece of information about its 7-nanometer technology that essentially proves that Intel's lead in chip density is more or less a thing of the past. TSMC's 7-nanometer SRAM cell One helpful way to compare the relative densities of two processes is to build a similar structure -- often, a type of memory known as an SRAM. Intel disclosed a while back that a high-density SRAM cell in its 14-nanometer manufacturing technology measures in at 0.0499 square micrometers. This was significantly better than what TSMC was able to achieve with its 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer technologies. Recently, however, TSMC disclosed that a high-density SRAM cell implemented in its 7-nanometer manufacturing technology measures in at just 0.027 square micrometers -- nearly half of the size of the comparable structure implemented in Intel's 14-nanometer technology. In order for Intel's 10-nanometer technology to simply achieve parity with what TSMC is delivering with its 7-nanometer technology, it will need to shrink its high-density SRAM cell by a factor of 0.541 times. Scaling beyond that should put it in the lead. Intel's 10-nanometer should be roughly as dense as TSMC's 7-nanometer tech If we look at the last couple of generations of high-density SRAM cell scaling between successive Intel processes, we see that a scaling factor of approximately 0.54 times is essentially the norm: Intel Mfg. Tech  High Density SRAM Cell Size (square micrometers) Scaling from previous 45nm 0.346 0.608x 32nm 0.171 .494x 22nm 0.092 0.538x 14nm 0.0499 0.541x Source: Intel. At 45nm, Intel's SRAM cell scaling was quite poor, but at 32nm, it delivered a very good shrink. At the 22-nanometer and 14-nanometer generations, it delivered reasonable, but less than 0.5 times, shrinks. As long as Intel hits a similar shrink factor to what it achieved with its 22-nanometer and 14-nanometer processes, then its 10-nanometer technology should be competitive on SRAM cell size/gate density to TSMC's 7-nanometer technology. What Intel won't be able to claim is a "full generation lead" over TSMC as it had previously been able to do The new reality for Intel As a result of the delays that the company saw with its 14-nanometer and subsequent 10-nanometer technologies, Intel has managed to take what was a roughly two-year leadership position in chip area and essentially fall to parity with TSMC. To make matters worse, there's no real way for Intel to regain a leadership position here, especially not on the path that the chipmaker is currently on. TSMC is now, for all intents and purposes, "caught up" with Intel in terms of chip density. From its public statements, it plans to continue to scale down its chip area every two years. Intel, on the other hand, says that it plans to use its 10-nanometer technology for three full generations -- though it will improve the transistor performance with each generation. This means that, at best, Intel is merely keeping pace with TSMC in terms of area scaling. Business implications From a business perspective, this lack of clear chip-area leadership will probably impact its contract chip manufacturing efforts the most. Intel says it's interested in targeting two key areas with said efforts -- mobile devices and networking infrastructure. Should Intel not manage to fumble its transistor performance lead as it did its chip area lead, then its technologies may still be attractive to customers willing to pay for additional performance in networking infrastructure.  However, given how valuable chip area/density is in the majority of mobile applications, particularly as they are so cost sensitive, a lack of leadership on this metric may make it unattractive for potential customers to leave a proven supplier (e.g. TSMC) for an unproven player like Intel.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 8:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.20 up $0.35 (1.21%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Potential Blow to Intel Corporation's Foundry Efforts A recent disclosure from TSMC suggests that it may have neutralized Intel's competitive advantage in this area of chip manufacturing. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 14, 2016 at 8:23PM Image source: Intel.  For years now, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) has been boasting that its current 14-nanometer and upcoming 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technologies can be used to create more densely packed chips than competing technologies from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM). Increased chip density, Intel claims, allows for a lower cost per transistor, ultimately meaning that a denser technology can enable a chip with more features than the same chip built on a less-dense technology for the same cost, or the same chip built more cheaply.  Indeed, Intel claimed at a presentation earlier this year that its 10-nanometer manufacturing technology offers "close to a full generation lead in logic density" compared to competing 10-nanometer technologies. I don't disbelieve Intel's claims comparing its 10-nanometer technology to competing 10-nanometer technologies. It does appear that the company's 10-nanometer technology can deliver significantly smaller chip areas than competing 10-nanometer technologies. However, Intel has completely ignored, at least in its public messaging, the fact that its 10-nanometer technology will be going up against TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, not TSMC's 10-nanometer technology. As luck would have it, TSMC recently disclosed a key piece of information about its 7-nanometer technology that essentially proves that Intel's lead in chip density is more or less a thing of the past. TSMC's 7-nanometer SRAM cell One helpful way to compare the relative densities of two processes is to build a similar structure -- often, a type of memory known as an SRAM. Intel disclosed a while back that a high-density SRAM cell in its 14-nanometer manufacturing technology measures in at 0.0499 square micrometers. This was significantly better than what TSMC was able to achieve with its 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer technologies. Recently, however, TSMC disclosed that a high-density SRAM cell implemented in its 7-nanometer manufacturing technology measures in at just 0.027 square micrometers -- nearly half of the size of the comparable structure implemented in Intel's 14-nanometer technology. In order for Intel's 10-nanometer technology to simply achieve parity with what TSMC is delivering with its 7-nanometer technology, it will need to shrink its high-density SRAM cell by a factor of 0.541 times. Scaling beyond that should put it in the lead. Intel's 10-nanometer should be roughly as dense as TSMC's 7-nanometer tech If we look at the last couple of generations of high-density SRAM cell scaling between successive Intel processes, we see that a scaling factor of approximately 0.54 times is essentially the norm: Intel Mfg. Tech  High Density SRAM Cell Size (square micrometers) Scaling from previous 45nm 0.346 0.608x 32nm 0.171 .494x 22nm 0.092 0.538x 14nm 0.0499 0.541x Source: Intel. At 45nm, Intel's SRAM cell scaling was quite poor, but at 32nm, it delivered a very good shrink. At the 22-nanometer and 14-nanometer generations, it delivered reasonable, but less than 0.5 times, shrinks. As long as Intel hits a similar shrink factor to what it achieved with its 22-nanometer and 14-nanometer processes, then its 10-nanometer technology should be competitive on SRAM cell size/gate density to TSMC's 7-nanometer technology. What Intel won't be able to claim is a "full generation lead" over TSMC as it had previously been able to do The new reality for Intel As a result of the delays that the company saw with its 14-nanometer and subsequent 10-nanometer technologies, Intel has managed to take what was a roughly two-year leadership position in chip area and essentially fall to parity with TSMC. To make matters worse, there's no real way for Intel to regain a leadership position here, especially not on the path that the chipmaker is currently on. TSMC is now, for all intents and purposes, "caught up" with Intel in terms of chip density. From its public statements, it plans to continue to scale down its chip area every two years. Intel, on the other hand, says that it plans to use its 10-nanometer technology for three full generations -- though it will improve the transistor performance with each generation. This means that, at best, Intel is merely keeping pace with TSMC in terms of area scaling. Business implications From a business perspective, this lack of clear chip-area leadership will probably impact its contract chip manufacturing efforts the most. Intel says it's interested in targeting two key areas with said efforts -- mobile devices and networking infrastructure. Should Intel not manage to fumble its transistor performance lead as it did its chip area lead, then its technologies may still be attractive to customers willing to pay for additional performance in networking infrastructure.  However, given how valuable chip area/density is in the majority of mobile applications, particularly as they are so cost sensitive, a lack of leadership on this metric may make it unattractive for potential customers to leave a proven supplier (e.g. TSMC) for an unproven player like Intel.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 8:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.20 up $0.35 (1.21%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Ockel Sirius A: Another mini-PC which aims to replace Windows Mobile with Windows 10 3 by Surur  @mspoweruser Oct 16, 2016 at 13:08 GMT1 month ago There is something very attractive about having full Windows 10 in your pocket, and over the last few years we have seen a number of ultra-small x86 PCs being released to the market. Most have been PC sticks for the TV, while a few have been like large smartphones, sporting touch screens and batteries. The latest iteration of this is the Ockel Sirius A, being worked on in the Netherlands and being funded via Indiegogo. Like most of these devices it runs on an Atom processor, in this case an Intel Atom X7 processor. It also has a 6 inch 1080P HD screen, 4 GB RAM, Intel GPU with 4K support via the integrated full-sized HDMI and Display port and a 3000 mAh battery which can power the device for 4 hours of video playback. It does not include a SIM card slot, so any hope of using it as a GSM phone is out of the window, though we assume Skype will work well enough over WIFI AC. It does feature a unique Switch Mode which would turn the screen into a mouse and keyboard combo when the mini-PC is connected to an external screen, much like Continuum for phones does on Windows Mobile. See the pitch video below: The device is already fully funded with 24 days still to go, with shipping expected in May 2017. The cheapest entry point for the device however is $549, where similar Asian devices were charging less than $100, suggesting that this is a deal which our readers should likely avoid. The device does however appear to be part of a movement enabled by cheap and powerful hardware and Windows 10’s built-in tablet mode and cheap licensing for small screens.  As the Windows Store grows I expect we will see more and more of these devices hit the market, hopefully at much more reasonable prices. See more pictures below. Gallery See the device at Indiegogo here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Via Neowin.net Related Mini PC ockel Sirius A windows 10 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Have you heard of Phoronix Premium? It's what complements advertisements on this site for our premium ad-free service. For as little as $3 USD per month, you can help support our site while the funds generated allow us to keep doing Linux hardware reviews, performance benchmarking, maintain our community forums, and much more. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. EGL_MESA_platform_surfaceless Firmed Up In Mesa For ChromeOS Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 15 October 2016 at 08:15 AM EDT. 1 Comment Chad Versace, the Intel OTC developer turned Googler who is part of the Chrome OS driver team, has been baking the EGL_MESA_platform_surfaceless extension and its implementation inside Mesa. EGL_MESA_platform_surfaceless is used by Chrome OS with its Freon stack and the EGL null platform. The EGL extension is described by the tentative specification as "This extension defines a new EGL platform, the "surfaceless" platform. This platfom's defining property is that it has no native surfaces, and hence neither eglCreatePlatformWindowSurface nor eglCreatePlatformPixmapSurface can be used. The platform is independent of any native window system. The platform's intended use case is for enabling OpenGL and OpenGL ES applications on systems where no window system exists. However, the platform's permitted usage is not restricted to this case. Since the platform is independent of any native window system, it may also be used on systems where a window system is present." The implementation is in Mesa Git in time for the next release. The specification is currently working its way into the public Khronos EGL repository. This extension should be applicable to some interesting use-cases too outside of Chrome OS. 1 Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News X.Org Foundation Moving Ahead With Becoming A Khronos Adopter For Mesa Ilia Mirkin Takes To Hacking On SWR Gallium3D, Fixes ~600 Piglit Bugs Mesa 13.0.1 Released Threading Support Is In The Works For Raspberry Pi's VC4 Open-Source GPU Driver Mesa 13.0.1 Is Being Prepped For Release, Many OpenGL & Vulkan Driver Fixes Mesa 12.0.4 Released With Dozens Of Fixes Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news Intel optane products to be offered in 16GB and 32 GB 3D XPoint storage User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Page 1 of 2 1 2 >   Thread Tools Display Modes Intel optane products to be offered in 16GB and 32 GB 3D XPoint storage   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt Intel optane products to be offered in 16GB and 32 GB 3D XPoint storage - 10-14-2016, 21:17 | posts: 26,750 | Location: Guru3D testlab We talked about Intel and Micron'sÂ*3D XPoint storage a couple of times already. 3D Xpoint memory technology is the successor to standard NAND flash memory with an ETA likely in 2017. Intel will call... Intel optane products to be offered in 16GB and 32 GB 3D XPoint storage     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W 10-14-2016, 21:23 | posts: 8,385 | Location: USA Disappointing if true. As for 960 pro... Next week as in Monday? When are these going to be available? Looking to get a 1TB one.     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#3) SirDremor Master Guru   Videocard: Gigabyte GTX680 2Gb Processor: Core i7 920 @ 3.6 Ghz Mainboard: Gigabyte GA-EX58-UD5 Memory: G.Skill DDR3 3x2Gb Soundcard: Creative SB X-Fi Fatal1ty PSU: CoolerMaster G650M 10-14-2016, 21:33 | posts: 406 | Location: Moscow, Russia Disappointing is not the right word. Total heartbreak is more appropriate. I really hope they can ramp up performance and capacity, or we risk losing another mega technology.     SirDremor View Public Profile Find all posts by SirDremor   (#4) BlueRay Member Guru     Videocard: GTX970 Processor: i5 2500k Mainboard: Gigabyte Memory: 8GB Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX750 10-14-2016, 21:56 | posts: 70 16 and 32 GB? What year is this? Did I wake up in the past?     BlueRay View Public Profile Find all posts by BlueRay     (#5) TheSarge Master Guru     Videocard: NVIDIA GTX 680 Processor: Core i7 6700K Mainboard: ASUS Maximus VIII Hero Memory: DDR4 2x8 GB 3000 MHz Soundcard: Soundblaster Z + Klipsch PSU: BFG 800W 10-14-2016, 22:15 | posts: 765 | Location: The Frozen North. Like any new technology this will likely see changes and improvements as time passes. Remember when NAND flash first hit the market?     TheSarge View Public Profile Find all posts by TheSarge   (#6) WareTernal Member Guru     Videocard: XFX R9 380X XXX Processor: i5-2500k@4.4ghz Mainboard: Intel DP67DE Memory: 16GB KVR 1333 Soundcard: Realtek ALC892 PSU: Corsair TX650 10-14-2016, 22:37 | posts: 59 | Location: San Paro I think we're missing the point. This isn't just a faster SSD...     WareTernal View Public Profile Find all posts by WareTernal   (#7) SirDremor Master Guru   Videocard: Gigabyte GTX680 2Gb Processor: Core i7 920 @ 3.6 Ghz Mainboard: Gigabyte GA-EX58-UD5 Memory: G.Skill DDR3 3x2Gb Soundcard: Creative SB X-Fi Fatal1ty PSU: CoolerMaster G650M 10-14-2016, 22:51 | posts: 406 | Location: Moscow, Russia We are not missing the point. At this moment in time there's no application for half-ssd-half-Ram. The idea is indeed great, and there was news just days ago about some rival technology. But in case Intel releases 16 and 32 GB drives they won't achieve anything, as as SSD it will be already slower than ordinary NAND SSD, and as RAM (as I already told) it won't have practical appliance. It's like trying to promote new CPU with only 1% of its performance. Will it convince anyone? No.     SirDremor View Public Profile Find all posts by SirDremor   (#8) jarablue Member Guru   Videocard: nVidia 960m 2GB Processor: Intel 6700HQ Mainboard: Asus Laptop GL752VW Memory: DDR Samsung memory Soundcard: Conexant PSU: Asus Laptop GL752VW 10-14-2016, 23:37 | posts: 63 | Location: Worcester, MA What a let down. Wasn't this stuff supposed to be 1000x faster than any ssd? Talk about horse****. 16gb and 32gb? Is this usb thumb drive time? Yay..I guess.     jarablue View Public Profile Find all posts by jarablue   (#9) Battlefieldprin Member Guru   Videocard: ASUS 780TI DC 2 OC 3GB Processor: i7-2600k Mainboard: ASUS P8P67M Memory: 8GB Soundcard: ONBOARD SOUND CARD PSU: 750 GX WAT COOLER MASTER 10-15-2016, 00:50 | posts: 121 | Location: ALGERIA Are they talking about Ram OR SSD , I am lost here     Battlefieldprin View Public Profile Find all posts by Battlefieldprin   (#10) tsunami231 Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA 660gtx sig2 Processor: i7 6700k NH-D14 Mainboard: Asrock z170 Extreme 4 Memory: Corsair LPX 2400mhz 16gb Soundcard: Realtek HD Audio PSU: Antec HCG 750m 10-15-2016, 00:56 | posts: 6,526 | Location: USA And the price will be??     tsunami231 View Public Profile Find all posts by tsunami231 lol   (#11) Amx85 Newbie     Videocard: MSI R7-260X2GD5/OC Processor: AMD FX-6300@stock clocks Mainboard: MSI 970A-SLI Krait Ed. Memory: DDR3 2x4GB@1333 CL9 Soundcard: PSU: Thermal Take TR2-500w lol - 10-15-2016, 01:09 | posts: 24 | Location: Dominican Republic as on CPU, Intel does'nt have new ideas     Amx85 View Public Profile Find all posts by Amx85   (#12) DavidGX Member Guru     Videocard: AMD Radeon Fury X Processor: Intel i7 3770K @ 4.5 GHz Mainboard: Asrock Z77 Extreme 4 Memory: Ripjaws Z 16GB DDR3 Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Zx PSU: Corsair 1200 Watt Gold 10-15-2016, 01:45 | posts: 62 | Location: USA So... lower speeds than other such drives, MUCH lower capacities... Yeah, good luck with that Intel.     DavidGX View Public Profile Find all posts by DavidGX   (#13) OneCosmic Newbie   Videocard: GTX970 Processor: 5820K Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: AX860i 10-15-2016, 03:15 | posts: 3 Comparing sequential write and read speeds is useless...If the low file size(0.5-128kB)reads and writes are much more consistent with the stated sequential read and write speeds then this Intel Optane SSD would be faster in tasks like booting OS or loading a game, software.     OneCosmic View Public Profile Find all posts by OneCosmic   (#14) angelgraves13 Master Guru   Videocard: eVGA 1080 GTX FTW Processor: i7 5960X 4.3 GHz Mainboard: ASUS X99-E WS Memory: Corsair Vengeance 64GB Soundcard: SoundBlaster ZxR PSU: Antec HCP 1200 10-15-2016, 04:18 | posts: 306 | Location: Los Angeles They must be talking about the DDR4 compatible modules right? There's no way they're serious about releasing 32GB drives... It can't hold a single game! My 950 Pro is more than fast enough for Windows. I'll just grab a higher capacity 960 Pro in the future. Intel is really losing it..     angelgraves13 View Public Profile Find all posts by angelgraves13   (#15) akbaar Member Guru   Videocard: MSI GTX1080 Gaming X Processor: Intel Core i7 6700k @4.6 Mainboard: ASUS MAXIMUS VIII IMPACT Memory: 32gb G.SKILL 3200 CL14 1T Soundcard: SupremeFX Impact III PSU: Corsair AX760i 10-15-2016, 04:21 | posts: 129 | Location: Middle East Region no U.2 support for my useless motherboard     akbaar View Public Profile Find all posts by akbaar   (#16) Buck Newbie   Videocard: x Processor: x Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: x 10-15-2016, 04:38 | posts: 2 Pff, all the sheep are posting here repeating the same conclusion the article had that this is disappointing (except OneCosmic's insightful post which is accurate). It's pretty obvious those numbers are after any cache on the Optane is depleted. While it's true Intel has failed at media relations lately, this leak was without context and without thoughtful analysis by guru3d. Think about those 950 Pro speeds. They're inflated, after the DDR cache is full the speeds drop dramatically. 950 Pro out of cache can be as low as 200MB writes and this 32GB Optane lowend is apparently 500MB. With the right controller and the cache (which it will have), Optane will match and crush the 950/960 Pro drives at every level and this is the beta..     Buck View Public Profile Find all posts by Buck   (#17) Robbo9999 Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670MX (oc 1124Mhz) Processor: i7-2920XM@4.0Ghz all core Mainboard: Alienware M17xR3 Memory: 16GB 1866Mhz (9-10-9-27) Soundcard: PSU: laptop 240W 10-15-2016, 08:26 | posts: 424 Read IOPS are very good, maybe that's where these optane drives will really shine & bring real world felt performance improvements.     Robbo9999 View Public Profile Find all posts by Robbo9999   (#18) Kaarme Master Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 390 Processor: i5 6600K Mainboard: Asus Z170 Pro Gaming Memory: HyperX DDR4 16GB Soundcard: Lead Audio LA-100 DAC PSU: EVGA G2 750W 10-15-2016, 09:39 | posts: 402 | Location: Finland They should have kept this in the lab for a little while longer instead of releasing joke products like these as the first things to hit the market.     Kaarme View Public Profile Find all posts by Kaarme   (#19) vg24a3 Member Guru     Videocard: MSI GTX 980TI Gaming 6G Processor: i7-4770K OC4.5GHz Haswell Mainboard: ASUS Gryphon Z87 Memory: G.Skill 32GB 1866MHz CL9 Soundcard: ALC892 + Denon AH-D600 PSU: Corsair AX860 10-15-2016, 10:14 | posts: 83 | Location: UK And these size versions are aimed at what application exactly? to load Mario and Candy-crush size games? Pathetic Intel     vg24a3 View Public Profile Find all posts by vg24a3   (#20) PeteBeMe Newbie     Videocard: Gigabyte R9 290 Windforce Processor: i7 4790k Mainboard: ASRock Z97X Killer Memory: DDR3 / 32 GB G.Skill CL9 Soundcard: SB Z / 350se PSU: Corsair AX760i 10-15-2016, 12:37 | posts: 30 | Location: Australia Hope this is a typo and they meant Terabytes. 16GB is good for RAM, I have 32GB RAM and a 500GB SSD so don't see the need for the worst of both.     PeteBeMe View Public Profile Find all posts by PeteBeMe uff   (#21) Amx85 Newbie     Videocard: MSI R7-260X2GD5/OC Processor: AMD FX-6300@stock clocks Mainboard: MSI 970A-SLI Krait Ed. Memory: DDR3 2x4GB@1333 CL9 Soundcard: PSU: Thermal Take TR2-500w uff - 10-15-2016, 12:48 | posts: 24 | Location: Dominican Republic i still no understand... this is for cache, if you has more than 8GB you can disable pagefile (Windows caché) and get better performance even on hard drives. i used 2 SSD one for OS and other for caché/pagefile and i did'nt feel the diference     Amx85 View Public Profile Find all posts by Amx85   (#22) Humanoid_1 Master Guru     Videocard: Sapphire Fury Tri-X 3840 Processor: X5680 on H20 ^_^ Mainboard: Gigabyte X58A-OC Memory: 32GB G.Skill TridentX2400 Soundcard: XFiGamer Pro/MordantShort PSU: Antec 650 Platinum 10-15-2016, 13:35 | posts: 582 | Location: Out There! It does sound like a lab prototype, especially given the Massive hype we have all heard. Ok, it's IOPS sounds pretty amazing, but in turn its data throughput is abysmal for the price I imagine these are going to cost. While I am sure there may be a market for something with high IOPS performance, competitive MUCH Bigger driver which are Much Faster also have really good IOPS these days too !     Humanoid_1 View Public Profile Find all posts by Humanoid_1   (#23) SSD_PRO Member Guru   Videocard: EVGA GTX 1070 Processor: i7-6700K Mainboard: Maximus VIII Hero Alpha Memory: F4-3000C14D-16GTZ Soundcard: Xonar DSX/Bose PSU: Silencer Mk III 850W 10-15-2016, 18:31 | posts: 83 Quote: Originally Posted by SirDremor Disappointing is not the right word. Total heartbreak is more appropriate. "Heartbreak" is even generous. Total devastating disappointment. This was one of the big features of Kaby/200 series chipsets... native "special" support for optane/xpoint products. Kaby was already on life support being 4 core and modest default clocks, but now this? The 960 is looking like it will be most enthusiasts go to choice for the next year.     SSD_PRO View Public Profile Find all posts by SSD_PRO   (#24) seaplane pilot Maha Guru     Videocard: 2x GA-980TIXE/ Processor: 5930K/ FX4130 Mainboard: ASROCK X11/ GA-990FXA-UD5 Memory: 32GB GT/ 16GB Crucial Soundcard: Onboard PSU: 1600 G2/ 1x AX1200i 10-15-2016, 19:48 | posts: 1,287 | Location: Nebulas http://www.pcper.com/news/Storage/In...eaked#comments Last edited by seaplane pilot; 10-15-2016 at 19:53.     seaplane pilot View Public Profile Find all posts by seaplane pilot   (#25) rsouzadk Newbie   Videocard: GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Processor: 6600k @ 4.7GHz Mainboard: ASRock Z170 Extreme6 Memory: 32GB DDR4 Vengeance Led Soundcard: onboard PSU: Corsair HX650 10-15-2016, 19:56 | posts: 5 The 16 and 32Gb are per package, right?     rsouzadk View Public Profile Find all posts by rsouzadk Page 1 of 2 1 2 > « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
null
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Microsoft HoloLens eyes enterprise adoption amid c... Microsoft HoloLens eyes enterprise adoption amid crowded field Microsoft is positioning its HoloLens augmented reality headset for businesses, but analysts say it must clear hurdles such as cost, technical and competitive challenges. Clint Boulton (CIO (US)) on 15 October, 2016 01:42 0 - - - - print email Microsoft has enlisted the likes of Volvo, Lowes, Japan Airlines and ThyssenKrupp to test its HoloLens augmented reality (AR) headset, underscoring the software giant’s early success in wooing enterprises. Given Microsoft's prowess in fostering dominant platforms such as Windows and Office and its global reach you could argue that the software giant has the best shot at establishing the enterprise standard in AR. Gartner analyst Brian Blau, who tracks the AR/VR market, is taking a cautious view. He says that while Microsoft’s clout in business software give it an advantage it’s too early to proclaim a leader. Microsoft’s AR device, currently available to developers and businesses, costs $3,000, has some technical limitations and faces competition from a number of tech heavyweights that are building wearable AR and virtual reality ecosystems. Volvo sees a day when consumers will use Microsoft HoloLens to customize their cars in a virtual showroom. HoloLens, which vies with Oculus Rift, Samsung Gear, Sony Playstation VR and dozens of others in the high-stakes market for immersive headsets, uses cameras, air gestures, gaze, voice , and sound to navigate holograms that adapt to the physical surroundings, enabling people to access information and complete tasks hands-free. Thyssenkrupp technicians access Skype on HoloLens to call subject matter experts and share holographic instructions. HoloLens lures many business takers Attracted by the opportunity to enable employees to access information and complete tasks hands-free, several companies are building HoloLens applications. A handful include the following: Thyssenkrupp elevator service technicians use HoloLens to triage service requests ahead of maintenance visits and getting hands-free remote guidance when on site. Technicians access Skype on HoloLens to call subject matter experts and share holographic instructions In trials, Thyssenkrupp says HoloLens has reduced the average length of it service calls by four times. Volvo Cars envisions consumers using HoloLens to customize their cars in a virtual showroom. “Imagine using mixed reality to choose the type of car you want – to explore the colors, rims , or get a better understanding of the features, services and options available,” says Björn Annwall, Volvo’s senior vice president of marketing, sales and service. He says that HoloLens could open up new sales channels by allowing dealers to take a car configurator to pop-up stores or malls. Japan Airlines (JAL) has developed two proof-of-concept programs to train engine mechanics and flight crew trainees. Thanks to the 3D capabilities in HoloLens mechanics “can study and be trained just as if they were working on the actual engine or cockpit,” placing their hands on virtual engines and parts, says Koji Hayamizu, senior director of the planning group for JAL’s products and service administration department. Using HoloLens, flight crew trainees access a detailed hologram that will display cockpit devices and switches that they can operate themselves, with visual and voice guidance. Lowe’s customers are using HoloLensto view a holographic representation of a new kitchen and customize design options for kitchen cabinetry, countertops, appliances and other home features. They may also share their designs online. “A miniature hologram kitchen allows for a bird’s eye perspective of the kitchen,” says Microsoft’s Erickson. In-store designers and friends can view what the customer is seeing and changing in real time through a hand-held Surface tablet. Microsoft also is working with AECOM and Trimble Navigation to allow architects and engineers to view building construction and engineering schemas in 3D. AECOM says engineers and designers in London, Hong Kong and Denver, are exploring 3D buildings as if they were physical models on a table. Healthy skepticism abounds Such commercial scenarios underscore why Microsoft is confident in its ability to make HoloLens the VR standard for commercial industry. And the currently modest market for AR/VR devices is set to boom. Forrester Research estimates that 52million units of VR head-mounted displays will be used by enterprises and by consumers use in the U.S. by 2020. AECOM engineers and designers in London, Hong Kong and Denver are exploring 3D buildings as if they were physical models. But analysts aren’t ready to proclaim HoloLens as the go-to device for enterprises. Forrester analyst J.P. Gownder says that while HoloLens is an important device, it has several limitations, including its $3,000 price tag. It’s also heavy – you won’t want to wear it for more than two hours. It also has a narrow field of view and can’t be used outside in bright light. However, Gownder expects Windows Holographic will eventually lead to new form factors. “I would be looking to new Windows Holographic devices from Microsoft's partners that solve those problems,” Gownder says. Gartner’s Blau says a new collaboration between Microsoft and Intel raises questions about HoloLens’ future. Last month, Intel unveiled Project Alloy, the chipmaker’s bid to create an all-in-one VR display that is similar to HoloLens. Microsoft agreed to optimize Windows content and experiences in Intel’s Alloy device and the two companies will help foster a range of AR/VR devices for business and consumer markets. “We don’t know if that is the future of HoloLens, if HoloLens gets merged into whatever Project Alloy is,” Blau says. Microsoft is expected to unveil more details about its collaboration with Intel, as well as OEM partnerships, at WinHEC in December. What Blau is certain of is that AR/VR leaders will include global ecosystem vendors, such as Microsoft, Apple, Google, Facebook and Samsung, which have cultivated platforms in mobile, cloud, social and other key technology categories. “The same [ecosystem phenomenon] is going to happen in immersive technology,” Blau says. Microsoft, which , added mobile device management, Azure Active Directory support, BitLocker data encryption and VPN remote access , to make HoloLens more appealing to enterprises, remains confident in its position. “HoloLens is on a multi-year journey and we are currently focused on developers and enterprise scenarios,” Scott Erickson, general manager of Microsoft HoloLens, tells CIO.com via email. Brand Post Top 10 Things to Love about Surface Pro 4 More from Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags augmented realityMicrosoft Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Clint Boulton CIO (US) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles Congratulations to our Rapoo Xiro Xplorer V drone competition winner! Apple brings back the peach-butt emoji in iOS 10.2 beta 3 Overwatch's new Sombra character and Arcade Mode go live for everyone today 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Intel's latest Xeon chips based on Skylake due next year Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCKofax DeveloperQLD CCSenior Project Manager - SAP Success FactorsVIC TPProcurement & Contracts ManagerQLD CCWintel EngineerNSW TPICT Procurement OfficerQLD CCAAA DeveloperNSW CCDevOps EngineerNSW FTHL7 Interface AnalystQLD CCWeb Developer - WordpressNSW CCSenior Developer - Java and AWSVIC TPProject Manager - Enterprise ApplicationsNSW CCSystem EngineerNSW FTOperations SupportNSW CCLead Technical Specialist VMwareVIC FTSenior Financial Planner - BallaratVIC CCContract Systems Analyst (JAVA/SQL/Web) 161116/SA/252Asia FTBusiness AnalystVIC FTTechnical Solutions Architect - CloudNSW CCContract Analyst Programmer (JavaScript) 161115/AP/325Asia CCMicrosoft Dynamics AX Functional Consultant Transportation ManagementNSW CCE-Commerce - Senior Web DeveloperNSW TPOffice 365 Technical ConsultantQLD FTOperations SupportNSW FTBusiness AnalystACT CCVisualisation Business Analyst -NSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Are networks prepared for the live virtual reality experience? computerworld.com.au Cybersecurity skills “chasm” widening as Trend Micro joins rush to stake its claim cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Sony builds on distie partnership with Alloys arnnet.com.au Ladbrokes Australia gets first GM of customer experience and innovation cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet World Week Ahead: Earnings season accelerates Monday, 17 October 2016, 8:54 am Article: BusinessDesk Monday 17 October 2016 08:04 AM World Week Ahead: Earnings season accelerates By Margreet Dietz Oct. 17 (BusinessDesk) - Earnings from Bank of America and other American companies and the latest US economic data including on the consumer price index are a key focus this week, and speeches by Federal Reserve officials will be combed for clues on a December interest rate hike. Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley, as well as Netflix, Microsoft, General Electric and Intel are among the US companies scheduled to report their latest quarterly earnings in the coming days. "At the end of the day, it really is all about earnings," Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York, told Reuters. “Every economic data point filters down into earnings.” Investors will gauge US economic performance through reports on the Empire State manufacturing survey, and industrial production, due to be released today; consumer price index, and the housing market index, due Tuesday; housing starts, and Atlanta Fed business expectations, due Wednesday; as well as weekly jobless claims, Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey, existing home sales, and leading indications, due Thursday. The Federal Reserve releases its Beige Book on Wednesday. Last Friday’s speech by Fed Chair Janet Yellen did little to change bets that the central bank will raise interest rates in December. Policy makers scheduled to speak this week include Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer today, San Francisco Fed President John Williams and Dallas Fed’s Rob Kaplan on Wednesday, New York Fed’s William Dudley on Thursday, and Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo on Friday. “The domestic numbers are going to be important for the Fed, that’s what they care about, and they continue to line up nicely for a Fed rate hike,” Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co in New York, told Bloomberg. Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.6 percent, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index retreated 1 percent and the Nasdaq Composite Index shed 1.5 percent. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index rose 1.3 percent last Friday, posting a 0.1 percent advance for the week. On Thursday, a meeting of European Central Bank policymakers and a subsequent press conference by President Mario Draghi will be scrutinised for any clues about plans to change—whether extend or taper—its asset purchase program. Also on Thursday, European Union leaders gather for a two-day summit in Brussels, which might offer further details on the Brexit negotiations—a new key barometer for the British pound. “It’s one thing to try and model an economic outlook, but when we’re trying to work out what the politicians are going to do, it’s impossible,” Jane Foley, a senior currency strategist at Rabobank International in London, told Bloomberg. “Therefore it’s very likely that we’ll have markets reacting to headline news and we’ll have volatility. The warnings about Brexit are coming to fruition, and [last] week has marked a sea change in market sentiment.” China’s third-quarter GDP report, due Wednesday, will also be watched closely as concern about the country’s economy resurfaced. “Growth on our China Activity Proxy—which we think is a more reliable measure of economic activity than the official [GDP] figures—points to a sharper rebound last quarter, said Capital Economics' Chang Liu said in a note, forecasting that year-on-year growth rose to about 5.0 percent, up from 4.4 percent in the second quarter. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Gordon Campbell: On Britain’s Landmark Court Ruling Against Uber The shockwaves from Uber’s defeat last week in a British court have reportedly already begun to wash up here in New Zealand with some local drivers thinking of taking a similar class action. More>> ALSO: NZ Uber Driver Association - Government's lack of apparent action against Uber BusinessDesk - Uber seeks government affairs manager to lobby on regulation Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on special needs education funding changes Trade: NZ Trade Deficit Widens To A Record In September Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - New Zealand's monthly trade deficit widened to a record in September as meat exports dropped to their lowest level in more than three years. More>> ALSO: HiFX - HiFX Data Update - NZ Trade Balance (Sep) Statistics NZ - Meat exports fall 15 percent in September quarter Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Queensgate Shopping Centre – Situation Update 5:33 PM | Queensgate Shopping Centre The effects of the quakes on your staff 5:11 PM | Employee Solution Service Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson 4:42 PM | NZ Court of Appeal UPDATE @ 4:15 pm Wednesday 16 November 4:37 PM | Vodafone NZ 'Nil-all draw' in NZX vs Ralec verdict 4:14 PM | BusinessDesk EQC defends Christchurch repairs 4:03 PM | BusinessDesk Historic double win at National Competition 3:59 PM | Society Of Beer Advocates More   RSS Marine uplift from Kaikoura earthquake (updated) 5:10 PM | Science Media Centre No let up in the weather 3:08 PM | MetService Marine uplift from Kaikoura earthquake - Expert Reaction 3:05 PM | Science Media Centre Coping with disaster - Expert Q&A 15/11/16 | Science Media Centre Tech Futures Lab offers innovative one-year Masters 15/11/16 | Tech Futures 2016 is set to break even the temperature records of 2015 15/11/16 | World Meteorological Or... Nitrogen Recording Protects Water And Drives Efficiency 15/11/16 | Fonterra More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Queensgate Shopping Centre – Situation Update 3:33 PM | admin November 14 earthquake upgraded to M7.8 3:28 PM | admin Wellington state highways recovering but plan for ... 3:12 PM | admin The effects of the quakes on your staff 3:11 PM | admin Marine uplift from Kaikoura earthquake (updated) 3:10 PM | admin Slip between Fox and Franz Josef Glaciers cleared 3:02 PM | admin Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson 2:42 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet World Week Ahead: Earnings season accelerates 8:54 October 17, 2016ArticleComments Off on World Week Ahead: Earnings season accelerates Article – BusinessDesk Oct. 17 (BusinessDesk) – Earnings from Bank of America and other American companies and the latest US economic data including on the consumer price index are a key focus this week, and speeches by Federal Reserve officials will be combed for clues on …Monday 17 October 2016 08:04 AM World Week Ahead: Earnings season accelerates By Margreet Dietz Oct. 17 (BusinessDesk) – Earnings from Bank of America and other American companies and the latest US economic data including on the consumer price index are a key focus this week, and speeches by Federal Reserve officials will be combed for clues on a December interest rate hike. Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley, as well as Netflix, Microsoft, General Electric and Intel are among the US companies scheduled to report their latest quarterly earnings in the coming days. “At the end of the day, it really is all about earnings,” Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York, told Reuters. “Every economic data point filters down into earnings.” Investors will gauge US economic performance through reports on the Empire State manufacturing survey, and industrial production, due to be released today; consumer price index, and the housing market index, due Tuesday; housing starts, and Atlanta Fed business expectations, due Wednesday; as well as weekly jobless claims, Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey, existing home sales, and leading indications, due Thursday. The Federal Reserve releases its Beige Book on Wednesday. Last Friday’s speech by Fed Chair Janet Yellen did little to change bets that the central bank will raise interest rates in December. Policy makers scheduled to speak this week include Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer today, San Francisco Fed President John Williams and Dallas Fed’s Rob Kaplan on Wednesday, New York Fed’s William Dudley on Thursday, and Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo on Friday. “The domestic numbers are going to be important for the Fed, that’s what they care about, and they continue to line up nicely for a Fed rate hike,” Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co in New York, told Bloomberg. Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.6 percent, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index retreated 1 percent and the Nasdaq Composite Index shed 1.5 percent. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index rose 1.3 percent last Friday, posting a 0.1 percent advance for the week. On Thursday, a meeting of European Central Bank policymakers and a subsequent press conference by President Mario Draghi will be scrutinised for any clues about plans to change—whether extend or taper—its asset purchase program. Also on Thursday, European Union leaders gather for a two-day summit in Brussels, which might offer further details on the Brexit negotiations—a new key barometer for the British pound. “It’s one thing to try and model an economic outlook, but when we’re trying to work out what the politicians are going to do, it’s impossible,” Jane Foley, a senior currency strategist at Rabobank International in London, told Bloomberg. “Therefore it’s very likely that we’ll have markets reacting to headline news and we’ll have volatility. The warnings about Brexit are coming to fruition, and [last] week has marked a sea change in market sentiment.” China’s third-quarter GDP report, due Wednesday, will also be watched closely as concern about the country’s economy resurfaced. “Growth on our China Activity Proxy—which we think is a more reliable measure of economic activity than the official [GDP] figures—points to a sharper rebound last quarter, said Capital Economics’ Chang Liu said in a note, forecasting that year-on-year growth rose to about 5.0 percent, up from 4.4 percent in the second quarter. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Queensgate Shopping Centre – Situation Update November 14 earthquake upgraded to M7.8 Wellington state highways recovering but plan for travel The effects of the quakes on your staff Marine uplift from Kaikoura earthquake (updated) Slip between Fox and Franz Josef Glaciers cleared Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson UPDATE @ 4:15 pm Wednesday 16 November $25,000 Raised for Breast Cancer Research Survey shows businesses spending less time on tax ‘Nil-all draw’ in NZX vs Ralec verdict Minister thanks retiring EECA chief executive EQC defends Christchurch repairs Historic double win at National Competition Availability of new insurance for post quake house purchases Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . World Week Ahead: Earnings season accelerates Margreet Dietz Monday October 17, 2016 Share Play NBR radio on Earnings from Bank of America and other American companies and the latest US economic data including on the consumer price index are a key focus this week, and speeches by Federal Reserve officials will be combed for clues on a December interest rate hike. Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley, as well as Netflix, Microsoft, General Electric and Intel are among the US companies scheduled to report their latest quarterly earnings in the coming days. "At the end of the day, it really is all about earnings," Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York, told Reuters. "Every economic data point filters down into earnings." Investors will gauge US economic performance through reports on the Empire State manufacturing survey and industrial production, due to be released today; consumer price index, and the housing market index, due Tuesday; housing starts, and Atlanta Fed business expectations, due Wednesday as well as weekly jobless claims, Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey, existing home sales, and leading indications, due Thursday. The Federal Reserve releases its Beige Book on Wednesday. Last Friday's speech by Fed chairwoman Janet Yellen did little to change bets that the central bank will raise interest rates in December. Policy makers scheduled to speak this week include Fed vice-chairman Stanley Fischer today, San Francisco Fed president John Williams and Dallas Fed's Rob Kaplan on Wednesday, New York Fed's William Dudley on Thursday, and Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo on Friday. "The domestic numbers are going to be important for the Fed, that's what they care about, and they continue to line up nicely for a Fed rate hike," Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co in New York, told Bloomberg. Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.6%, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index retreated 1% and the Nasdaq Composite Index shed 1.5%. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index rose 1.3% last Friday, posting a 0.1% advance for the week. On Thursday, a meeting of European Central Bank policymakers and a subsequent press conference by President Mario Draghi will be scrutinised for any clues about plans to change – whether to extend or taper – its asset purchase programme. Also on Thursday, European Union leaders gather for a two-day summit in Brussels, which might offer further details on the Brexit negotiations – a new key barometer for the British pound. "It's one thing to try to model an economic outlook but when we're trying to work out what the politicians are going to do, it's impossible," Jane Foley, a senior currency strategist at Rabobank International in London, told Bloomberg. "Therefore it's very likely that we'll have markets reacting to headline news and we'll have volatility. The warnings about Brexit are coming to fruition, and [last] week has marked a sea change in market sentiment." China's third-quarter GDP report, due Wednesday, will also be watched closely as concern about the country's economy resurfaced. "Growth on our China Activity Proxy, which we think is a more reliable measure of economic activity than the official [GDP] figures, points to a sharper rebound last quarter," Capital Economics' Chang Liu said in a note, forecasting that year-on-year growth rose to about 5.0%, up from 4.4% in the second quarter. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags world week ahead Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7094 0.0004 0.06% AUD 0.9401 0.0014 0.15% EUR 0.6601 -0.0009 -0.14% GBP 0.5692 -0.0002 -0.04% HKD 5.5033 0.0044 0.08% JPY 77.4020 0.1260 0.16% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1228.4 8.900 2016-11-15T00: Oil Brent 48.0 2.600 2016-11-15T00: Oil Nymex 46.4 2.570 2016-11-15T00: Silver Index 17.0 0.150 2016-11-15T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6770.4 6832.3 6770.4 0.80% NASDAQ 5241.4 5287.1 5218.4 1.10% DAX 10720.9 10748.3 10693.7 0.39% DJI 18858.2 18925.3 18868.7 0.29% FTSE 6753.2 6820.5 6753.2 0.59% HKSE 22440.0 22499.4 22323.9 0.61% NI225 17832.5 17886.4 17668.2 1.15% ASX 5326.2 5346.7 5326.2 -0.05% Most Popular Read Quake day three: Molesworth St building to be demolished; quake upgraded to 7.8 Wellington's port damage: How bad is it? MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise NZ dollar falls as greenback holds near 11-month high EQC defends Christchurch repairs as Labour candidate calls for royal commission Commented Statistics NZ Wellington building off-limits after floor pancaked in quake Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped Quake day three: Molesworth St building to be demolished; quake upgraded to 7.8 Liquidators stir bad blood at Mad Butcher New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Mainfreight managing director Don Braid talks to Grant Walker about post-quake transport issues ABS' Nathan Penny and Rabobank's Emma Higgins explain why they think the milk price will reach $6/kgMS Jenny Ruth on the Ralec NZX decision...all 172 pages of it IDC's Peter Wise on the latest Vodafone NZ numbers - and the impact of the pending Sky merger The identity politics that delivered Trump to the White House also marred media coverage of his campaign, says Daniel Hirst Wellington Chamber of Commerce chief executive John Milford on how Monday's quake his impacted to city's economy Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> World Week Ahead: Earnings season accelerates
null
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Yas Island - Anime + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Technology News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Technology UAE steers shift towards innovation Abdul Basit/Dubai Filed on October 16, 2016 | Last updated on October 16, 2016 at 08.35 pm Share More > Vote His Highness Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, visiting etisalat pavilion at Gitex Technology Week on Sunday. - Wam Shaikh Hamdan opens the 36th edition of Gitex Technology Week in Dubai on Sunday. The UAE continues to be the gateway between East and the West, as seen by the large number of international participants at the 36th edition of Gitex Technology Week in Dubai on Sunday. This was stated by Shaikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai and Chairman of Dubai Executive Council, while opening the five-day event at the Dubai World Trade Centre. The large number of local participants also reflects a shift in thinking, innovation and performance which will empower the UAE's shift to smart government, enhance innovation in all sectors and help transform the UAE into the fastest growing and the happiest country in the world, Shaikh Hamdan said. Around 4,000 exhibitors from 60 countries are showcasing the latest technologies at Gitex, the largest technology exchange and marketplace for the Middle East and Africa.   Startups at Gitex Accompanied by Shaikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai, and senior officials, Shaikh Hamdan toured the exhibition. He also stopped at the stands of participating global technology corporations including Samsung, Microsoft, Dell EMC, Intel, pavilions of Nigeria and Germany, as well as local government entities such as Smart Dubai. Dubai hosted the launch of the world's first, most global, week-long startup showcase at the Gitex Technology Week. Among the more than 410 startups from nearly 60 countries, more than half are making their global debut at the Gitex Global Startup Movement. The diversity of the Gitex Global Startup Movement - both in terms of its international attendance of and the industry and development of the startups - is a key differentiator for the movement Held in response to the need for an industry hub for investors, incubators, and accelerators to identify the world's next great startups and support youth empowerment, the new Gitex Global Startup Movement is a comprehensive and dynamic technology platform that will promote global knowledge exchange, foster economic growth and encourage startup investment in the region. An early adopter of technology, with a 95 per cent household internet penetration, the UAE is a hotbed for technology innovation. Young entrepreneurs and startups have the potential to contribute significantly to employment opportunities for this class of fresh graduates. Digital entrepreneurs are expected to add $14 billion to the UAE's GDP, and $1.5 trillion to global GDP by 2020, according to recent reports from the consultancy Accenture. Many innovative startups have already experienced success in the UAE including UAE-born ventures such as car booking service Careem, package delivery app Fetchr, and online shopping platform Souq.com. "The UAE is the perfect place for technology-based startups to grow. At the Gitex Global Startup Movement, startups can benefit from fundraising from across emerging market investors who are eager for new innovations," said Mudasir Sheikha, co-founder of Careem. Other innovative startups showcasing at the Gitex Global Startup Movement include Be Happy, Be Healthy from Germany, the energy medicine of the future; Bulbul, which is India's first travel app for children; and iCare from the UAE, which is the world's first blood bank mobile app; and JustPrice.pk, Pakistan's fastest-growing mobile retail platform. - abdulbasit@khaleejtimes.com Share More > Vote MORE FROM Technology Technology Japanese start-up brings medical technology to... Primesap allows athletes to refine their performance and avoid career-... READ MORE Technology Biometrics, eye scanners set to replace plastic Visa is testing these technologies to make life easy for merchants... READ MORE Cricket Match-fixing was at its peak in 1996: Shoaib... The Pakistan dressing room was strange, says cricket legend. READ MORE City Times Read our Apple Watch Series 2 review This week we're talking the new Apple Watch Series 2 and specifically ... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times General Shaikh Mohammed's visit like a dream: RAK students "It added more responsibility on our shoulders, and taught us how to... READ MORE India 19 killed in India hospital fire Odhisha health authorities on Tuesday confirmed that the toll of a... READ MORE Region Dislodging Daesh from Mosul a significant... As Iraqi forces move forward in their campaign to liberate Mosul city ... READ MORE Philippines This is the visa Filipino drug lord used to enter ... According to sources, Espinosa arrived in Abu Dhabi using an... READ MORE   Popular Voted Crime Man EXPOSES himself to woman in Dubai supermarket 106058 views | 16 October 2016 Philippines This is the tourist visa Filipino drug lord used to enter UAE 66014 views | 17 October 2016 Crime Murdered man's wife wants capital punishment, not blood money 24306 views | 16 October 2016 General Pakistanis can now apply for passport renewal online in 16 mins! 13478 views | 17 October 2016 Crime UAE labourer kills sex worker over money; life term upheld 11641 views | 17 October 2016 Legal View Your employer can deduct salary only if ... 11549 views | 16 October 2016 Dubai Indian man threatens to chop off girl's head 10304 views | 16 October 2016 General No option but to die: Disabled unpaid Indian worker in Dubai 8832 views | 17 October 2016 Ras Al Khaimah Four hour-long rains lash parts of Ras Al Khaimah 6565 views | 16 October 2016 Bollywood Have Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh broken up? 5078 views | 17 October 2016 Transport This is how Dubai plans to get rid of TRAFFIC JAMS 4796 views | 16 October 2016 Bollywood Hrithik Roshan opens up about his mental illness 4342 views | 17 October 2016 India India says terrorism isolated Pakistan, China disagrees 4257 views | 17 October 2016 Dubai Another Dubai world record: Tallest Lego building of Burj Khalifa unveiled 3679 views | 17 October 2016 India Free Wi-Fi means free porn at this Indian railway station 3096 views | 17 October 2016 Crime Murdered man's wife wants capital punishment, not blood money 655 votes | 16 October 2016 Crime Man EXPOSES himself to woman in Dubai supermarket 637 votes | 16 October 2016 Philippines This is the tourist visa Filipino drug lord used to enter UAE 519 votes | 17 October 2016 Ras Al Khaimah Four hour-long rains lash parts of Ras Al Khaimah 343 votes | 16 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi’s temple to be ready in less than a year 275 votes | 11 October 2016 Dubai Indian man threatens to chop off girl's head 257 votes | 16 October 2016 Government No room for procrastination: Mohammed urges govt officials 237 votes | 15 October 2016 Legal View Your employer can deduct salary only if ... 204 votes | 16 October 2016 India Newborn dies, nibbled by rats in hospital in India 186 votes | 16 October 2016 India 199 live turtles seized from UAE nationals at Indian airport 175 votes | 14 October 2016 Cricket WATCH: Afridi, Miandad make peace after spat over fixing 172 votes | 15 October 2016 India India probe into use of 153 'Pakistani spy pigeons' 168 votes | 15 October 2016 Bollywood Have Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh broken up? 168 votes | 17 October 2016 Social media do's and don'ts under UAE law 162 votes | 15 October 2016 General Pakistanis can now apply for passport renewal online in 16 mins! 162 votes | 17 October 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top DJIA Earnings Reports in the Week Ahead By Chris Lange October 16, 2016 10:20 am EST Print Email Tweet Third-quarter earnings reporting season is underway, and 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of some of the major Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) companies scheduled to report their quarterly results this week. Overall, one-third of the Dow is reporting next week, and this has the potential to push the Dow back up to its highs. We included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters and the stock price and trading history, as well as added some additional color on each. For the other major earnings this week, check out the tech earnings and financial earnings previews. Be advised that the earnings and revenue estimates may change ahead of the formal reports, and some companies may reschedule reporting dates as well. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) will share its most recent quarterly results on Monday. The consensus estimates call for earnings per share (EPS) of $3.24 and $19.00 billion in revenue. Shares of Big Blue were at $154.45 at the close on Friday, in a 52-week trading range of $116.90 to $165.00. The stock has a consensus analyst price target of $154.12. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) is scheduled to reveal its third-quarter results on Tuesday. The consensus estimates call for $0.72 in EPS, as well as $15.56 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $37.45 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $40.47. The stock has a 52-week range of $27.68 to $38.36. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) is set to report its most recent results on Tuesday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $1.65 and $17.71 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $117.56 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $124.50, and the 52-week range is $94.28 to $126.07. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) is scheduled to report its third-quarter results on Tuesday. The consensus estimates are $2.08 in EPS and $46.09 billion in revenue. Shares were at $133.92 as last week came to a close. The consensus price target is $161.95, and the 52-week range is $107.51 to $144.48. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) is set to share its latest quarterly earnings on Thursday. The consensus estimates call for $0.68 in EPS on $21.71 billion in revenue. Shares were at $57.42 on Friday’s close, in a 52-week range of $46.90 to $58.70. The consensus price target is $59.87. Travelers Companies Inc. (NYSE: TRV) is expected to reveal its third-quarter results on Thursday. The consensus forecast calls for $2.31 in EPS, as well as $6.36 billion in revenue. The stock ended last week at $115.08 per share. The consensus price target is $114.12, and the 52-week range is $101.23 to $119.32. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) will to share its latest quarterly earnings on Thursday. The consensus estimates call for $0.99 in EPS and $31.19 billion in revenue. Shares were at $50.28 as Friday’s trading ended, in a 52-week range of $43.79 to $56.95. The consensus price target is $54.24. General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) also is scheduled to report its third-quarter results on Friday. The consensus analyst estimates call for $0.32 in EPS and revenue of $29.85 billion. Shares closed at $28.89 on Friday. The consensus price target is $32.80. The 52-week range is $27.10 to $33.00. McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) third-quarter results are expected on Friday. The consensus analyst estimates are $1.49 in EPS and revenue of $6.28 billion. McDonald’s shares closed at $114.09 on Friday. The consensus price target is $128.33. The 52-week range is $102.08 to $131.96. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « JPMorgan Will No Longer Offer 7-Year and 8-Year Auto Loans 7 Key Earnings Reports in the Coming Week » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Earnings, featured, General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV), Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Drunkest City in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Home Depot Black Friday Ad Now Available Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ New Highs for the Holidays? Big Economic Shifts Challenge Your Decision-Making Trustmark (TRMK) Inks Merger Deal with RB Bancorporation A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Bernie Sanders Calls Out Donald Trump For Backpedaling On One Thing They Agreed On Facebook, Google Take Small Steps To Stop Spread Of Fake News Snapchat Files For IPO That Would Be Biggest In Years For Tech Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Clinton-Trump 3.0, China’s GDP, ECB Rates: Week Ahead Oct. 17-22 Stanley James Phyllis Halliday James Amott October 16, 2016 — 10:12 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Goldman, Morgan Stanley, BofA report earnings; Fischer speaks Tesla sets mystery unveiling; ‘Most Powerful Women’ conference Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp U.S. presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump hold their final debate in Las Vegas. The moderator is Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, who will pose questions to each nominee. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here. China will report on third-quarter GDP as investors watch to see whether the economy has stabilized. The U.S. cost of living probably increased more in September than a month earlier, signaling inflation continues to grind its way toward the Federal Reserve’s goal, economists project a Labor Department report to show. Figures on beginning home construction, industrial output and sales of previously owned properties also highlight a relatively light week for U.S. economic data. The European Central Bank meets to review monetary policy and stimulus programs as President Mario Draghi keeps fighting against the region’s stubbornly low inflation rates. Earnings season continues for major U.S. banks led by Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Morgan Stanley, BlackRock Inc. and US Bancorp. Microsoft Corp., General Electric Co., Daimler AG, SAP SE and Intel Corp. also report. For an expanded list of the week’s releases, click here. The Chicago Cubs, seeking their first World Series title in 108 years, are playing the Los Angeles Dodgers in baseball’s National League Championship Series. The Cleveland Indians, whose last title came in 1948, are facing the Toronto Blue Jays in the American League Championship Series. Monday, Oct. 17 Tesla Motors Inc. Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk plans a product unveiling that he said will be “unexpected by most.” He didn’t provide details beyond saying it was separate from a new solar rooftop being announced on Sept. 28 by SolarCity Corp., where he is chairman. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer, who called the central bank’s stand-pat rate decision in September a “close call,” speaks before the Economic Club of New York. 12:15 in New York City. Fortune hosts its annual Most Powerful Women event in Laguna Miguel, California. Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs Group Inc., will present this year’s Global Women Leader honorees: Rima K. El-Husseini of Lebanon, co-founder and CEO of Blessing, and Ciiru Waweru of Kenya, CEO of FunKidz. CEO Ginni Rometty of IBM Corp. and Executive Vice President Ivanka Trump of the Trump Organization are among this year’s interviewees. Click here for agenda. Through Oct. 19. European Union foreign ministers meet to discuss Syria, migration and global strategy toward Tunisia. 09:00 CET in Luxembourg (03:00 EDT). The location of a new London airport runway is likely to be high on the agenda when U.K. Transport Secretary Chris Grayling is questioned by the House of Commons Transport Committee. 16:05 in London (11:05 EDT). Andre Borges, secretary of Brazil’s science and technology ministry, is a keynote speaker at Futurecom 2016 Congress, Latin America’s telecom fair. In Sao Paulo, through Oct. 20. Click here for the agenda. ECONOMY: U.S. Empire State manufacturing (Oct.) and industrial production (Sept.); Turkey unemployment (July) and budget balance (Sept.); euro-area inflation (Sept.); U.K. Rightmove house prices (Oct.) EARNINGS: Bank of America Corp. and Netflix Inc. are among companies posting results. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time earnings coverage here for both companies. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Manitoba crop update (weekly), EIA drilling productivity report (monthly), USDA grain-export inspections and crop ratings (weekly) Tuesday, Oct. 18 U.S. consumer prices probably picked up in September, consistent with the view that inflation is only gradually moving toward the 2 percent year-over-year goal of Federal Reserve policy makers. The Labor Department will issue the data at 08:30 EDT in Washington. Chile’s central bank will probably keep its benchmark rate at 3.5 percent for a 10th straight meeting as inflation slows to within policy makers’ target range amid tepid economic growth. 18:00 in Santiago (17:00 EDT). U.S. President Barack Obama hosts Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi for a State Dinner at the White House. EU trade ministers meet to discuss the EU-Canada trade deal. 09:00 CET in Luxembourg (03:00 EDT). German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble delivers remarks on the EU’s future. 13:10 CET in Berlin (07:10 EDT). Former French Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron, who quit the cabinet in late August, holds a third major rally in his campaign for change to discuss immigration and national identity measures. 19:00 CET in Montpellier (13:00 EDT). U.S. Department of the Treasury Counselor Amias Gerety will speak at Brookings Institution on “Connectedness and Contagion: Protecting the Financial System from Panics.” In Washington, at 13:00 EDT. Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Khalid Al-Falih and CEOs Bob Dudley of BP Plc and Rex Tillerson of Exxon Mobil Corp. are among the speakers at the Oil and Money Conference in London through Oct. 19. Click here for agenda. The 24th World Mining Congress takes place in Rio de Janeiro, with Vale SA CEO Murilo Ferreira, and Wang Xianzheng, president of China National Coal Association, among the participants. Click here for the agenda. Through Oct. 21. The Futures Industry Association holds its 31st annual Futures and Options Expo in Chicago. Keynote speakers include Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chairman Timothy Massad and Nasdaq Inc. CEO Robert Greifeld. Click here for a list of speakers. Through Oct. 20. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, joined by a business delegation, will make his first state visit to China since he took office on June 30. Through Oct. 21. Brazilian President Michel Temer will make a state visit to Japan for talks with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Through Oct. 20. CENTRAL BANKS: Argentina Central Bank monetary policy report. ECONOMY: U.S. NAHB homebuilder confidence (Oct.) and Treasury net international capital flows (Aug.); Brazil retail sales (Aug.); Hong Kong unemployment (Sept.); European Central Bank bank lending survey; U.K. inflation (Sept.) EARNINGS: Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Kuehne & Nagel International AG are among companies posting results. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage of Goldman earnings here. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: U.S. National Weather Service global climate data (Sept.) Wednesday, Oct. 19 The third and last U.S. presidential debate of 2016 between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump takes place in Las Vegas at the University of Nevada. 21:00 EDT. Clinton and Trump. Source: Bloomberg Housing starts probably increased in September for the third time in the last four months, indicating the U.S. economy will benefit from more residential construction. The Commerce Department will issue the figures at 08:30 in Washington. The Bank of England publishes a monthly report of its agents’ summary of business conditions, providing insight into investment and hiring plans as well as consumer spending. 09:30 in London (04:30 EDT). Brazil’s central bank may cut its key rate from 14.25 percent after the monthly inflation rate fell to a two-year low and a constitutional amendment to cap government spending passed a first vote in congress. 18:00 in Brasilia (16:00 EDT). Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz and Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins hold a press conference after the interest rate announcement and will discuss the contents of the newly released Monetary Policy Report on the Canadian economy. 11:15 EDT in Ottawa. U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco President John Williams will speak at Rutgers University Business School on “Improving Diversity in the Financial Services Industry -- a Holistic View.” The event will be live streamed on the San Francisco Fed’s website at @sffed. On the university’s Newark, New Jersey, campus at 08:45 EDT. China’s third-quarter GDP probably held at 6.7 percent for a third straight quarter, according to a Bloomberg survey of economists, signaling that the economy is stabilizing. The National Bureau of Statistics is scheduled to report industrial production and retail sales for September at the same time. 10:00 in Beijing (Oct. 18 22:00 EDT). CENTRAL BANKS: Rate decisions in Canada and Namibia ECONOMY: U.S. MBA mortgage applications (weekly) and Federal Reserve Beige Book; Russia CPI (weekly); South Africa inflation (Sept.) and retail sales (Aug.); Egypt trade balance (Aug.), Poland industrial output and retail sales (Sept.); Russia unemployment and retail sales (Sept.); U.K. unemployment rate (Aug.) EARNINGS: Morgan Stanley and Svenska Handelsbanken AB are among companies reporting results. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage of Morgan Stanley’s earnings here. For a list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: API petroleum inventory report (weekly), U.S. EIA crude oil inventory report (weekly), with real-time coverage on the TOPLive blog here. Thursday, Oct. 20 Sales of U.S. previously owned homes were probably little changed in September from a month earlier as the industry continues to struggle with a limited selection of properties. The National Association of Realtors reports at 10:00 EDT in Washington. The European Central Bank’s Governing Council meets to review interest rates and stimulus programs. The rate decision is due at 13:45 CET in Frankfurt (07:45 EDT), and ECB President Mario Draghi holds a press conference at 14:30. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here. U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of New York President William Dudley gives opening and closing remarks at a conference hosted by the New York Fed called “Reforming Culture and Behavior in the Financial Services Industry: Expanding the Dialogue.” Begins at 08:30 EDT in New York City. EU leaders begin a two-day meeting in Brussels to discuss migration, trade issues and relations with Russia. It’s the first EU summit to be attended by new U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May. Starts at 15:00 CET (09:00 EDT). Two special elections are held to fill empty seats in the U.K. House of Commons. The Conservative Party is favored to retain the district of Witney in Oxfordshire, while Labour faces no major-party opposition in Batley in Yorkshire. Voting ends at 22:00 London time (17:00 EDT), with results likely early Friday. The Managed Funds Association, the global trade group for hedge funds, holds its Outlook 2016 conference in New York. Keynote speakers include Richard Berner, director of financial research at the U.S. Treasury Department, and Timothy Massad, chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Click here for the agenda. Through Oct. 21. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the featured speakers at the 71st annual Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation dinner, a New York tradition that the group says is typically marked by “light humor and political savvy.” Timing to be determined. Chilean Minister of Finance Rodrigo Valdes will discuss the challenges facing Chile’s economy at Bloomberg headquarters in New York City. 08:50 EDT. CENTRAL BANKS: Rate decisions in Indonesia and Turkey ECONOMY: U.S. jobless claims (weekly), Philadelphia Fed manufacturing (Oct.), consumer comfort index (weekly and monthly expectations) and leading economic indicators (Sept.); Taiwan export orders (Sept.); Hong Kong CPI (Sept.); Australia employment (Sept.); U.K. retail sales (Sept.) EARNINGS: Microsoft Corp. and PayPal Holdings Inc. are among companies reporting results. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Bloomberg survey of analysts’ expectations on natural gas volume in storage (weekly), EIA natural gas inventory report and short-term energy outlook (weekly), Saskatchewan crop update (weekly), Buenos Aires Grain Exchange crop report (weekly), USDA crop net-export sales (weekly), National Weather Service U.S. winter forecast Friday, Oct. 21 U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco President John Williams delivers a keynote address at the Federal Home Loan Bank’s 2016 Member Conference. The speech will be livestreamed at @sffed. In San Francisco at 11:30 local time (14:30 EDT). EARNINGS: Daimler AG, General Electric Co. and McDonald’s Corp. are among companies reporting earnings. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. CENTRAL BANKS: Mozambique rate decision ECONOMY: Canada CPI (Sept.) and retail sales (Aug.); Brazil IPCA-15 inflation (Oct.); China property prices (Sept.); Malaysia budget; Ukraine industrial production (Sept.); ECB survey of professional forecasters; U.K. public finances (Sept.) ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Baker Hughes U.S. oil-and-gas rig count (weekly), CFTC futures and options positions (weekly), API oil inventory report (monthly) SOVEREIGN RATING UPDATES: Austria (Moody’s), Cyprus (Fitch), Ethiopia (S&P), France (S&P), Germany (Moody’s), Ghana (S&P), Italy (Fitch), Jordan (S&P), Lesotho (Fitch), Luxembourg (Moody’s), Morocco (Fitch), Norway (S&P), Portugal (DBRS), Saudi Arabia (Moody’s), Slovak Republic (DBRS) Saturday, Oct. 22 No scheduled events. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Donald John Trump Hillary Rodham Clinton China GDP Markets Earnings Federal Reserve Las Vegas London Goldman Sachs Group Inc/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Gems Trivia e-Edition eDeals Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Special Sections Active Seniors Basin Business Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life The Nickel TV Week Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing Sunday Extra!   Toggle navigation 35° Spec. Sections Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classified Advertising Connections News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos top story Seven ballot issues face Oregon voters By GERRY O’BRIEN H&N Editor Gerry Obrien Oct 16, 2016 (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! Ballot dropbox location Locations of Klamath County Official Ballot Drop Sites Ballots will be mailed to local and in-state voters starting Tuesday. Following is a list of Klamath County ballot drop sites: All locations are open until 8 p.m. election day, Tuesday, Nov. 8. Klamath Basin Senior Center — 24-hr Drive-up Klamath County Clerk's Office — Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Klamath County Government Center (Parking lot behind building) — 24-hour drive-up Bonanza Town Hall — Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Chiloquin Community Center — Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Klamath Community College, Bldg. 3 — Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Malin City Hall — Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to 4 p.m. Merrill City Hall — Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. OIT College Union Info Desk — Daily 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Walker Range Fire Patrol Associates — 24-hour drive-up La Pine Library — 24-hour drive-up When Klamath and Lake county voters get their ballots in the mail this week, they will be faced with seven ballot issues as well as a host of decisions to be made on local candidates. Here is a synopsis of the seven ballot issues: Measure 97: Story continues below video × Measure 97 is receiving the most press and political advertising as it is the most contentious and difficult to ferret out which side is telling the truth. The measure would raise corporate income taxes on businesses with annual incomes that exceed $25 million. Firms doing business in Oregon such as Intel, Facebook, and Nike fall into these categories as well as large grocery chains, such as Albertson’s. Oregon businesses with sales under $25 million would not be affected. Money generated from the tax would provide additional funding for education, healthcare and services for senior citizens. However, opponents note that the money would initially be allocated to the state’s general fund, meaning the legislature could redirect money to help the Public Employees Retirement System, which is swimming in billions of dollars in debt. Opponents also claim it is a hidden sales tax, as in any tax placed on a large corporation will be passed on to its customers. Further, it would discourage outside corporations from locating in Oregon. According to observers, Phillips 66, Comcast and the Automobile Dealers Association of Portland are the top three contributing opponents to efforts to defeat the measure. Supporters include public and private unions, education associations, labor commissioner and Secretary of State candidate Brad Avakian, as well as several state representatives. Education officials have estimated it could mean from $1 million to $2 million for Klamath and Lake school districts. (See the local Pros and Cons to this issue, Page A7) Measure 94: Measure 94 eliminates mandatory retirement age for judges. Currently, a state judge must retire from office at the end of a calendar year when the judge reaches age 75. The measure removes this requirement. The measure also removed the provision allowing the Legislature or voters to establish a statutory, mandatory retirement age for judges. There are no costs associated with the measure, the Secretary of State’s office said. Measure 96: Measure 96 allocates 1.5 percent of state lottery revenues to Oregon veterans. Lottery revenues were originally committed to job creation and economic development. Currently 15 percent of net lottery earnings are for parks and natural resources and 18 percent for education. The remaining 67 percent is allocated back to the Legislature for the original intent of the program. This measure amends the Oregon Constitution to finance services for veterans for employment assistance, housing, health care, addiction treatment, reintegration and improving access to government benefits. It would be extended to veterans’ spouses and dependents, too. The 1.5 percent increase is predicted to raise $9.4 million per year. Measure 95: Measure 95 permits public universities to own stock in companies. The state constitution prohibits the state owning stock unless it was donated or involved in a transfer of technology. With the advent of new university governing boards and their ability to manage their own finances and the fact it separates the boards technically from being a state agency; the question of owning stock resurfaced. This measure will amend the Oregon constitution to allow a public university to own stock in companies, associations and corporations. This includes Oregon Institute of Technology and Southern Oregon University. Measure 98: The shortage of a skilled workforce is being felt across the state. Measure 98 requires state funds to be distributed to public schools to establish or expand career and technical education programs; expand college-level education opportunities and expand dropout-prevention programs in high schools. It directs the Legislature to appropriate at least $800 per student for such programs. Funding relies on the growth of the general fund, there are no new funding sources. It commits a minimum increase of $147 million in spending for this program. The Legislature ultimately decides how these programs will be funded from existing funds. Measure 99: Measure 99 would create an Outdoors School Education Fund created from state lottery revenue. It is dedicated to provide every fifth- or sixth-grader in the state the opportunity to attend a week-long outdoors school program or equivalent experience that reflects the local community need. Outdoor school programs have been offered throughout the state since the 1950s. Due to budget cuts, many school districts have either shortened the length of the program or eliminated it. The measure authorizes transfer of not more than $22 million annually from the state lottery fund to this program. OSU Extension Service would be responsible for creating the curriculum and deciding which schools meet the criteria for funding. Measure 100: Largely funded by the Humane Society and billionaire Paul Allen, who backed a similar law in Washington, Measure 100 would prohibit trafficking of certain animal species, such as elephant, rhinoceros, whale, tiger, lion, leopard, sea turtle and shark, among others. Fines could be set up to $6,500 per incident or twice the total value of the animal, whichever is greater. Related Document Oregon Ballot Measures Opponents of 97 By TODD ANDRES President Klamath County Chamber of Commerce As president of the Klamath County Chamber of Commerce, I’ve had the opportunity to talk to businesses large and small about the potential impact of Measure 97 on the local economy. Simply put, Measure 97 is a bad idea that will hurt our local businesses. Everybody wants better schools, but Measure 97 isn’t the right answer. The proposal would put a tax on sales of 2.5 percent for companies with sales of more than $25 million. Some larger companies aren’t registered as “C” corporations, the only kind of business targeted in the measure, so despite their size, they wouldn’t pay. And because it’s a tax on sales, not profits, some businesses with high sales but low profit margins would be hurt far more than others. The only choice many businesses would have is to pass this tax on sales directly on to consumers. That’s why the state’s own economists said that the measure would cost the average Oregon family more than $600 a year and cost the state 38,000 private sector jobs. The majority of this new tax is going to be passed on to consumers. Even the economists hired by the proponents of this measure called Measure 97 a “sales tax on steroids.” It’s by far the biggest tax increase in the history of the state at an estimated $6 billion. The nonpartisan economists at ECONorthwest determined that this tax would be equivalent to a 40 percent corporate income tax — over three times higher than any other state in the country. It is hard to imagine that our businesses could stay competitive in that tax environment. Healthy businesses are the bedrock of a thriving community. Without healthy businesses and good jobs, nobody prospers. Measure 97 is a tax on sales and not profits, and it’s a tax on every transaction. So as some goods pass through multiple companies on the way to their final market, the tax can pyramid, growing at every step in the supply chain. Take, for example, our local grocery stores like Fred Meyer or Albertson's. They often have multiple tiers of distributors providing goods to them who would be taxed at each step. All those taxes would have to be passed on to consumers. The average profit margin at a grocery story is just 2 percent last year according to an industry watcher. There is no way to stay in business except to pass those costs on to consumers. The tax on those grocery stores would be more than their profits, forcing them to pass on those costs or go out of business. The tax pyramiding would mean that the costs of many common goods like food and gas would likely rise 5 percent to 7.5 percent. Lithia Motors headquartered in Medford Oregon has said that the tax could add $1,000 to the cost of a car. A cost that other car companies won’t have to pay because either their sales are lower or they aren’t a C corporation. That hardly seems fair, does it? The supporters of the tax say that it will affect corporations, but the truth is that this will fall hardest on those who can afford it least. Food, clothing, medicine, gasoline, cable or dish TV, insurance, utilities and other essentials will all become more expensive. And despite supporters wish to earmark the funds, the money raised will go into the general fund to be spend however the legislature wishes. Our communities in southern Oregon are still working to recover from the great recession. Our small businesses may not be large enough to pay the tax directly, but they will suffer from the higher costs in almost everything. They will struggle to stay competitive and will have fewer options to deal with the fallout than larger corporations, some of whom can pick up and move out. Jobs that our communities need will be lost. Whether you believe that the state needs more revenue or not, Measure 97 is an ill-conceived tax that will fall hardest on those who can afford it least. It will cost our communities jobs, and make it harder to build and grow the businesses that a community needs to thrive. I hope you will join me in voting no on Measure 97. Oregon and our communities deserve better. Measure 97 will aid schools By KATRINA MYERS English teacher Klamath County School District, and President of the Klamath County Education Association: We see it all around us. Our schools and local services suffer because corporations in Oregon pay lower taxes here than anywhere else in the country. When voters passed Ballot Measure 5 back in 1990, education suffered. The ability of the state to provide enough money to ensure that students receive the best education possible became an impossible task. Our class sizes exploded, teachers were cut, and building upkeep suffered as there was no money to pay for everything. As a veteran teacher of 31 years, and President of Klamath County Education Association, I see it in classrooms all throughout our district — overcrowded classes, too few teachers, and sometimes buildings in need of significant repairs. Oregon has the third largest class sizes, one of the shortest school years in the nation, and the fourth lowest graduation rate. Measure 97 will change that by making big, out-of-state corporations pay their fair share. There are many commercials and Facebook posts that say that this measure will harm our community. Those expensive commercials claim the tax will be passed on to farmers, ranchers and small businesses. Do you really think corporations like Comcast or Bank of America would spend millions and millions to fight this measure if they thought small businesses and families would pick up the tab? No. The truth is they are scared they’ll finally have to pay their fare share. I pay my taxes, so should big out-of-state corporations. Based on data from the Office of Economic Analysis, 82 percent of the revenue raised by Measure 97 would be paid by out-­of-­state corporations. Our students deserve the funding to ensure that they have safe buildings, reasonable class sizes, and quality teachers. I will be voting for Measure 97 because it is the right thing to do for our students, our seniors, and those who need health care. Follow Close Get email notifications on daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Trending Dismembered body found LaPine resident charged with multiple rape counts of minor Homicide on Orchard Street, woman suspect in custody Unlicensed contractor accused of defrauding elderly couple Woman accused of stealing $40K from ambulance agencies Video Highlights Video Veterans Day parade and ceremony 11-11-2016 Nov 14, 2016 A parade and ceremony honoring veterans was held in Klamath Falls on Friday, Nov. 11, 2016, starting along Main Street and culminating with a celebration and remembrance event at Veterans Memorial Park. Klamath Countdown: Friday, Nov. 11, 2016 Nov 11, 2016 Klamath Countdown: Friday, Nov. 11, 2016 Nov 11, 2016 A glimpse inside the Klamath Symphony Orchestra Nov 8, 2016 A glimpse inside the Klamath Symphony Orchestra Nov 8, 2016 OIT presidential candidate Dr. Brad Sims visits campus 11-07-2016 Nov 8, 2016 OIT presidential candidate Dr. Brad Sims visits campus 11-07-2016 Nov 8, 2016 Governor candidate Bud Pierce visits Klamath Falls 11-02-2016 Nov 8, 2016 Governor candidate Bud Pierce visits Klamath Falls 11-02-2016 Nov 8, 2016 Bill Collier Community Ice Arena preps for 2016-17 season Nov 8, 2016 Bill Collier Community Ice Arena preps for 2016-17 season Nov 8, 2016 KU Update Nov 2016 Nov 7, 2016 KU Update Nov 2016 Nov 7, 2016 MaxRead Businesses Klamath-Spine-Rehab Premier Care Dental EcoSolar and Electric Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Dismembered body found LaPine resident charged with multiple rape counts of minor Klamath man arrested for assaulting young girl Homicide on Orchard Street, woman suspect in custody Unlicensed contractor accused of defrauding elderly couple Woman accused of stealing $40K from ambulance agencies Hats for Haircuts Family of hit-and-run victim raising funds Jeld-Wen plans training center in N.C. Sister of murdered woman reported missing Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey Will you be shopping on Thanksgiving Day The holiday shopping season is winding up. Several stores will be open on Thanksgiving Day as well as Black Friday. You voted: Yes No Undecided No opinion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2016 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
null
facebook tweet rss Home CONSOLE PC CHEATS/GUIDES MOBILE TECH MOVIES/TV VIDEOS 'Kingdom Hearts 3' Release Date, Gameplay, Latest News & Update: Highly Anticipated Storyline Leaked Online; Game Hits Market In 2018 'Battlefield 1' News & Updates: Very Huge Fall Update Now Available; Find Out More Here! ‘Scream Queens’ Season 2 Episode 6 Spoilers, News & Update: Major Character Died! Theories, Predictions Revealed! 'The Vampire Diaries' Season 8 Episode 5 Rumors, Spoilers, Latest News & Update: Damon Bids Goodbye? Theories, Predictions Revealed! See More XBOX PLAYSTATION NINTENDO 'Battlefield 1' News & Updates: Very Huge Fall Update Now Available; Find Out More Here! 'Kingdom Hearts 3' Release Date, News & Updates: Sora's New Drive Form Finally Revealed 'Sword Art Online: Hollow Realization' Latest News & Updates: Latest Sword Art Online Game Uses Twitter to Educate a Character Project Scorpio Latest News & Update: Microsoft Exec Calls Scorpio a True 4K, Most Powerful Console Ever See More 'Battlefield 1' News & Updates: Very Huge Fall Update Now Available; Find Out More Here! ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Latest News & Update: Top Reasons to Play Hacker Marcus Halloway, Gameplay Review ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Latest News & Update: Will GTA5 Take Advantage of PlayStation 4 Pro Enhancements? 'Dota 2 Monkey King' Release Date, News & Update: New Hero Power & Ability, More Details Here See More ‘Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2’ Gameplay, Latest News & Update: Unlocking All Characters, Methods, Skills, Super Saiyan Rose Goku Black & Bulma Explained ‘Final Fantasy XV’ Release Date, News & Update: Completing Boss Fight Takes Three Whole Days? PC Version To Arrive? More Gameplay Details ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Cheats, Tips & Tricks: How To Earn Fast Money in Ubisoft’s Latest Game; Best Hacks & Upgrades To Use ‘The Elder Scrolls 6’ Release Date, News & Update: Increased Character Customization, Advanced Combat in New Bethesda Sequel? More Gameplay Details Revealed See More iOS ANDROID APPS ACCESSORIES/CASES Google Nexus 7 Release, Specs & Price: Device Launch Still Worries Customers Despite Potential; Is it Worth The Wait? Why Many Businessmen Love The New BlackBerry DTEK60? Microsoft Surface Phone Release Date, Specs and Updates: How Will Windows 10 Mobile Change Phone's Functionality? ‘Pokemon Go’ Latest News & Updates: Niantic Rolling Out Rare-Spawning Lapras Soon! Find Out Where! See More TECH Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Date, Specs, Features & Price: Launch Date Confirmed! More Exciting Surprises Revealed! Google Nexus 7 Release, Specs & Price: Device Launch Still Worries Customers Despite Potential; Is it Worth The Wait? iPad Mini 2 Won't Let Amazon Fire HD 8 Win Battle: Next iPads Rumors Surface Biggest iPad News! 12.9 inch Display, New Bezel-Free 10.9 Inch Variant Coming When? See More ‘Scream Queens’ Season 2 Episode 6 Spoilers, News & Update: Major Character Died! Theories, Predictions Revealed! 'The Vampire Diaries' Season 8 Episode 5 Rumors, Spoilers, Latest News & Update: Damon Bids Goodbye? Theories, Predictions Revealed! Michael Schumacher Health News & Update: Formula One Star's Condition Not Getting Better? Facebook Activated To Share Memories Of F1 Legend " 'Limitless' Season 2 Renewal, News & Update: CBS Considers Plot Change To Continue Controversial Show, Fans Disappointed? See More WALKTHROUGHS TRAILERS The #BestDayEver Chappie - Hologram Press Conference - Berlin to Ma... Ecostralis Product London & Partners and The Brooklyn Brothers launch... See More Microsoft Surface Book 2 Release Date, News & Update: date: Cause Of Delay In Release Finally Revealed Oct 15, 2016 09:54 PM EDT | By Ben Lindon email print Sign Up for GamenGuide's Newsletter and never miss out on our most popular stories. Microsoft Surface Book 2 is unlikely to be released soon due to rumors that the company is still looking forward for the availability of Intel’s Kaby Lake processor. (Photo: Andrew Burton/Getty Images) Microsoft Surface Book 2's rumored release this October is brewing much anticipation for the fans. Given that the hybrid laptop's original version was launched in the same month last year, there are speculations that the tech company is likely to follow a release pattern for the upgraded version launch. However, some reports indicate that the upcoming device will be immediately available. The new Microsoft Surface Book 2 is unlikely to be released soon due to rumors that the company is still looking forward for the availability of Intel's Kaby Lake processor. According to reports, the said processor can provide a faster processing without compromising the laptop's battery life. Aside from that, there are speculations that Microsoft also awaits the Redstone 2 update for Windows 10 OS that is expected to release in the Spring of 2017. Microsoft Surface Book 2 is believed to come with a 4K resolution and 3D display, including a USB 3.1 support for faster data transfer.  Rumors also claim that the device will sport OneClip and Office Hub features. In addition, the hybrid laptop is also expected to be released along with the Surface Pro 5. As rumors continue to emerge, consumers still believe that the new device will be released soon, MNR Daily reported. Meanwhile, as the latest information about the new Microsoft Lumia devices and Surface Pro 4 had reportedly leaked, details about the release of Surface Book seem to be unclear. According to reports, there has never been any product that has captured the attention of a number of people like the Microsoft Surface Book. Although vendor comments are usually mocked that they just reinvent a product category, it is also difficult to contradict the tech company when it claims to reinvent the laptop. Microsoft Surface Book is reported to have a desktop-class performance brought by its Skylake internals, including a Nvidia GPU, a complete version of Windows 10 Pro display that can be removed and a 12-hour battery life, The Inquirer reported. Watch Microsoft Surface Book 2: will come soon, will do so with a different hinge.     TagsMicrosoft Surface Book 2, Microsoft Surface Book 2 News, Microsoft Surface Book 2 update, Microsoft Surface Book 2 release, Microsoft Surface Book 2 price, Microsoft Surface Book 2 specs, Microsoft Surface Book 2 features, Microsoft Surface Book 2 Rumors, Microsoft Surface Book 2 release date, Microsoft Related Articles 'The Escapists 2' Release Date, News & Update: Feature New Graphics, Multiplayer ... Michael Schumacher's Family Sues German Paper For False Reports; Denies F1 Racer ... 'Iron Man 4' Air Date, Spoilers, News & Update: Time Stone Brings Younger Tony S ... Lee Min Ho, Bae Suzy Cancel Wedding Plans? Reason Hinted Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Date, Specs, Features & Price: Launch Date Confi ... Get the Most Popular Gamenguide Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 Game & Guide All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Join the Conversation Share on GamenGuide.com facebook tweet rss Subscribe to our newsletter Please provide a valid email address Most Popular ‘Hitman’ Season 1 Latest News & Update: Complete Pack Of Stealth Action Gameplay Now Available; Where To Buy On Black Friday? Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare Remastered Has Hidden Weapons Including a Melee Shovel Ubisoft Latest News & Update: 'Assassin's Creed' 'Far Cry' Coming To Netflix; Jake Gyllenhaal In 'The Division' Film? 'No Man's Sky' News and Update: Developer Hello Games To Work On PS4 Update 'Pokemon Go' Latest News & Updates: Next Event For Niantic Game Before Thanksgiving Plus More Update Forecast 'World of Final Fantasy' News & Updates: Reviews Coming In; Is The Game Worth Playing? Find Out Here! 'God Eater 2 Rage Burst' & 'God Eater Resurrection' Latest News & Update: Gets Idolmster Operator & Costumes New Steam Games You Probably Missed This Week: Discounts on New Releases Including 'Spingun', 'Small Radios Big Televisions' ‘Pokemon GO’ Latest News & Update: Niantic Confirms Gen 2 Pokemon, Legendary Birds This December? Leaked 3D Gen 2 Models, Tracker, Trading! 'Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare' News & Updates: Game Getting Even More Microtransactions? Find Out Here! © 2016 GAMENGUIDE All rights reserved. About  |  Contact Us  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Notice  |  Advertise with us
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Top Technology ETFs to Buy in 2016 These technology ETFs offer tradability, competitive expenses, and ways to ride momentum in the sector. Keith Noonan (keithnoonan) Oct 15, 2016 at 8:02PM Image source: Getty Images. A technology ETF, short for exchange-traded fund, is essentially an index fund that links a group of tech equities together as a single security trading on the market. These securities trade like stocks and give investors an opportunity to ride momentum in the broader technology industry or a specific segment of it while diversifying their holdings to minimize risk. ETFs often carry lower fees than investing directly in stocks to mirror an index, and do not have the minimum investment thresholds required by many mutual funds, making them relatively easy and versatile ways to take broad positions in technology.  With the tech sector generally more prone to big volatility than other segments of the market, investing in technology ETFs can be a good way to stake a long-term position that requires little in the way of investor management and perhaps provides some downside protection by being spread across multiple stocks. Investors looking to minimize risk and expenses should look to market-weighted ETFs, funds which determine weightings based on the market value of securities and are assembled to track an index rather than aiming to outperform it. With that in mind, here are three top market-weighted technology ETFs to buy in 2016. Vanguard Information Technology ETF The Vanguard Information Technology ETF (NYSEMKT:VGT) offers investors exposure to a wide range of the tech sector at a low cost and with very high liquidity, and aims to track the MSCI US Investable Market Information Technology 25/50 Index. The fund says its expense ratio is 93% lower than the average expense ratio of funds with similar holdings. It sits at just 0.1%, representing an annual cost of $1 for every $1,000 invested. VGT tracks 374 stocks, manages roughly $9.9 billion in assets, and has a daily average trading volume of over 391,000 shares over the last three months, providing ease of securing or exiting a position. Its main holdings are spread out over software and IT services (47.3%), device hardware (16.4%), semiconductors (13%), professional and communications services (11%), and networking (7%), and the top five equities in the fund are Apple at roughly 12.5% of net holdings, Alphabet at 10%, Microsoft at 9.2%, Facebook at 6.2%, and Intel at 3.6%. The VGT does not include telecom stocks, but does include stakes in credit card companies with Visa (roughly 3.3% of net holdings) and MasterCard (roughly 2% of net holdings) representing the seventh and 10th biggest stakes, respectively. The fund's 10 largest holdings account for roughly 56% of net assets. While the VGT is largely comprised of big S&P 500 tech holdings, it also holds substantial stakes in small- and mid-cap stocks. VGT is up roughly 12% year-to-date, and has a dividend yield of roughly 1.3%.  Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF Like the Vanguard Information Technology ETF, the Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT:XLK) offers broad exposure to the tech sector with high liquidity and relatively low expense fees. XLK aims to track the Technology Select Sector Index, and is the largest of the tech ETFs by measure of total assets, with roughly $13.1 billion in assets under management held across 72 securities. The fund is also the most traded tech ETF, with an average of more than 1 million shares traded daily over the last three months. While XLK is traded substantially more than VGT, both funds are highly liquid to the point that composition of holdings and expenses are the more important differentiating factors.   Its annual expense ratio sits at 0.14% -- 40% higher than VGT's but still low relative to most other comparable tech ETFs. XLK is more top-heavy than VGT, with its top 10 holdings making up 63.6% of the fund. Unlike VGT, XLK holds no small-cap companies and is light on mid-caps, making it less exposed to the volatility associated with non-large-cap companies. The top five equities in the fund are Apple at 13.8% of holdings, Alphabet at 10.4%, Microsoft at 10.1%, Facebook at 6.7%, and AT&T at 5.4%.  In terms of composition of assets, one of the main differences between XLK and VGT is that XLK has significant telecom holdings. The fund's seventh-largest holding is Verizon -- at roughly 3.8% of the total fund. Investors looking for exposure to telecom companies might choose to go with XLK over VGT for that reason. Looking at VGT's top holdings by sector, software and IT services represent 41.8% of net holdings, computing hardware 16.6%, semiconductors 11.3%, telecommunications 10.4%, and professional and communications services 10.2%. The fund is up roughly 13% year-to-date, and has a dividend yield of approximately 1.7%. First Trust Dow Jones Internet ETF Investors willing to tolerate greater risk in pursuit of greater returns and of the mind that internet companies stand a strong chance of leading the tech sector in coming years should consider the First Trust Dow Jones Internet ETF (NYSEMKT:FDN), which is built to track the Dow Jones Internet Composite Index. Unlike VGT, XLK, and other broad-coverage ETFs, FDN is not diversified outside of internet-related businesses -- a characteristic that exposes it to greater volatility, but also opens the door for large gains if internet sector momentum continues. First Trust lists stocks under the information technology segment as making up 70.3% of holdings, with consumer discretionary the next largest segment at 21.4%, followed by financials at 4.7%, healthcare at 2.7%, and telecommunication services at 1%.  FDN is the largest of the dedicated internet ETFs by measure of total assets, covering 42 securities, and with net holdings of roughly $3.7 billion. The fund's expense ratio of 0.54% is in line with comparable internet-focused funds, but FDN offers the advantage of strong liquidity -- with average daily trading volume of roughly 510,000 shares over the last three months. The company's top five largest holdings are Amazon.com at 10.6%, Alphabet at 9.8%, Facebook at 9.7%, Netflix at 4.8%, and PayPal at 4.7%.  For the internet-focused ETF investor, FDN's reasonable costs and tradability make it a top choice. The fund is up 9.4% year-to-date; it does not pay a dividend.  Keith Noonan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AAPL, FB, MA, NFLX, PYPL, and V. The Motley Fool owns shares of MSFT and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. The Motley Fool recommends INTC and VZ. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Noonan (keithnoonan) Keith Noonan covers technology, entertainment, and other fields. You can follow him on Twitter by clicking the button below: Follow @TweethNoonan Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 8:02PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Technology SPDR NYSEMKT:XLK $46.67 up $0.65 (1.41%) Vanguard Information Technology ETF NYSEMKT:VGT $118.69 up $1.57 (1.34%) FIRST TR EXCHANGE TRADED FD NYSEMKT:FDN $78.87 up $1.28 (1.65%) Read More Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter GoPro's Future Depends on These New Products How to Trade Options Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Top Technology ETFs to Buy in 2016 These technology ETFs offer tradability, competitive expenses, and ways to ride momentum in the sector. Keith Noonan (keithnoonan) Oct 15, 2016 at 8:02PM Image source: Getty Images. A technology ETF, short for exchange-traded fund, is essentially an index fund that links a group of tech equities together as a single security trading on the market. These securities trade like stocks and give investors an opportunity to ride momentum in the broader technology industry or a specific segment of it while diversifying their holdings to minimize risk. ETFs often carry lower fees than investing directly in stocks to mirror an index, and do not have the minimum investment thresholds required by many mutual funds, making them relatively easy and versatile ways to take broad positions in technology.  With the tech sector generally more prone to big volatility than other segments of the market, investing in technology ETFs can be a good way to stake a long-term position that requires little in the way of investor management and perhaps provides some downside protection by being spread across multiple stocks. Investors looking to minimize risk and expenses should look to market-weighted ETFs, funds which determine weightings based on the market value of securities and are assembled to track an index rather than aiming to outperform it. With that in mind, here are three top market-weighted technology ETFs to buy in 2016. Vanguard Information Technology ETF The Vanguard Information Technology ETF (NYSEMKT:VGT) offers investors exposure to a wide range of the tech sector at a low cost and with very high liquidity, and aims to track the MSCI US Investable Market Information Technology 25/50 Index. The fund says its expense ratio is 93% lower than the average expense ratio of funds with similar holdings. It sits at just 0.1%, representing an annual cost of $1 for every $1,000 invested. VGT tracks 374 stocks, manages roughly $9.9 billion in assets, and has a daily average trading volume of over 391,000 shares over the last three months, providing ease of securing or exiting a position. Its main holdings are spread out over software and IT services (47.3%), device hardware (16.4%), semiconductors (13%), professional and communications services (11%), and networking (7%), and the top five equities in the fund are Apple at roughly 12.5% of net holdings, Alphabet at 10%, Microsoft at 9.2%, Facebook at 6.2%, and Intel at 3.6%. The VGT does not include telecom stocks, but does include stakes in credit card companies with Visa (roughly 3.3% of net holdings) and MasterCard (roughly 2% of net holdings) representing the seventh and 10th biggest stakes, respectively. The fund's 10 largest holdings account for roughly 56% of net assets. While the VGT is largely comprised of big S&P 500 tech holdings, it also holds substantial stakes in small- and mid-cap stocks. VGT is up roughly 12% year-to-date, and has a dividend yield of roughly 1.3%.  Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF Like the Vanguard Information Technology ETF, the Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT:XLK) offers broad exposure to the tech sector with high liquidity and relatively low expense fees. XLK aims to track the Technology Select Sector Index, and is the largest of the tech ETFs by measure of total assets, with roughly $13.1 billion in assets under management held across 72 securities. The fund is also the most traded tech ETF, with an average of more than 1 million shares traded daily over the last three months. While XLK is traded substantially more than VGT, both funds are highly liquid to the point that composition of holdings and expenses are the more important differentiating factors.   Its annual expense ratio sits at 0.14% -- 40% higher than VGT's but still low relative to most other comparable tech ETFs. XLK is more top-heavy than VGT, with its top 10 holdings making up 63.6% of the fund. Unlike VGT, XLK holds no small-cap companies and is light on mid-caps, making it less exposed to the volatility associated with non-large-cap companies. The top five equities in the fund are Apple at 13.8% of holdings, Alphabet at 10.4%, Microsoft at 10.1%, Facebook at 6.7%, and AT&T at 5.4%.  In terms of composition of assets, one of the main differences between XLK and VGT is that XLK has significant telecom holdings. The fund's seventh-largest holding is Verizon -- at roughly 3.8% of the total fund. Investors looking for exposure to telecom companies might choose to go with XLK over VGT for that reason. Looking at VGT's top holdings by sector, software and IT services represent 41.8% of net holdings, computing hardware 16.6%, semiconductors 11.3%, telecommunications 10.4%, and professional and communications services 10.2%. The fund is up roughly 13% year-to-date, and has a dividend yield of approximately 1.7%. First Trust Dow Jones Internet ETF Investors willing to tolerate greater risk in pursuit of greater returns and of the mind that internet companies stand a strong chance of leading the tech sector in coming years should consider the First Trust Dow Jones Internet ETF (NYSEMKT:FDN), which is built to track the Dow Jones Internet Composite Index. Unlike VGT, XLK, and other broad-coverage ETFs, FDN is not diversified outside of internet-related businesses -- a characteristic that exposes it to greater volatility, but also opens the door for large gains if internet sector momentum continues. First Trust lists stocks under the information technology segment as making up 70.3% of holdings, with consumer discretionary the next largest segment at 21.4%, followed by financials at 4.7%, healthcare at 2.7%, and telecommunication services at 1%.  FDN is the largest of the dedicated internet ETFs by measure of total assets, covering 42 securities, and with net holdings of roughly $3.7 billion. The fund's expense ratio of 0.54% is in line with comparable internet-focused funds, but FDN offers the advantage of strong liquidity -- with average daily trading volume of roughly 510,000 shares over the last three months. The company's top five largest holdings are Amazon.com at 10.6%, Alphabet at 9.8%, Facebook at 9.7%, Netflix at 4.8%, and PayPal at 4.7%.  For the internet-focused ETF investor, FDN's reasonable costs and tradability make it a top choice. The fund is up 9.4% year-to-date; it does not pay a dividend.  Keith Noonan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AAPL, FB, MA, NFLX, PYPL, and V. The Motley Fool owns shares of MSFT and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. The Motley Fool recommends INTC and VZ. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Noonan (keithnoonan) Keith Noonan covers technology, entertainment, and other fields. You can follow him on Twitter by clicking the button below: Follow @TweethNoonan Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 8:02PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Technology SPDR NYSEMKT:XLK $46.67 up $0.65 (1.41%) Vanguard Information Technology ETF NYSEMKT:VGT $118.69 up $1.57 (1.34%) FIRST TR EXCHANGE TRADED FD NYSEMKT:FDN $78.87 up $1.28 (1.65%) Read More Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter GoPro's Future Depends on These New Products How to Trade Options Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Preview Hospitals’ Stake in Obamacare Study shows institutions’ profits up, costs down in states that have expanded Medicaid coverage. Updated Oct. 17, 2016 12:47 a.m. ET Review | Dates to Watch For | Follow Up | U.S. Economic Calendar | Consensus Estimates | Coming Earnings | Coming U.S. Auctions Donald Trump has repeated his vow to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare. Hillary Clinton has reiterated her pledge to keep the good parts of the 2010 health-care initiative, which has shrunk the ranks of U.S. uninsured by some 20 million. A Journal of the American Medical... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. How to Improve Your Credit Score ...From the Man Who Knows Best Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Howard Marks on Trump, The Election and Markets Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 6 Amazon-Proof Retail Stocks to Buy Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Apple iGlass is a Great Name, But It Won’t Help the Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 4 Ways to Improve Your Credit Score 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Apple and More 3 Unloved Financial Stock Soaring on Trump Win Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
TVLine Categories Ratings Ask Ausiello Gilmore Girls Revival Renewal Scorecard Spoilers Hot Shows Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. AHS: Roanoke Arrow Atlanta Being Mary Jane Black Mirror Difficult People Empire The Flash Game Of Thrones Gilmore Girls Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away.... NCIS Nashville New Girl Once Upon a Time Outlander Pretty Little Liars Prison Break Scandal Star Trek Stranger Things Supergirl Supernatural The Good Fight The Vampire Diaries The Voice The Walking Dead This is Us Westworld The X-Files Hot Shows Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. AHS: Roanoke Arrow Atlanta Being Mary Jane Black Mirror Difficult People Empire The Flash Game Of Thrones Gilmore Girls Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away.... NCIS Nashville New Girl Once Upon a Time Outlander Pretty Little Liars Prison Break Scandal Star Trek Stranger Things Supergirl Supernatural The Good Fight The Vampire Diaries The Voice The Walking Dead This is Us Westworld The X-Files Ratings Ask Ausiello Gilmore Girls Revival Renewal Scorecard Spoilers Exclusive Courtesy of Fox Lucifer Ups Tricia Helfer to Regular as the Mother From Hell — First Photo By Michael Ausiello / July 20 2016, 8:31 AM PST 30 Tricia Helfer apparently made a mother of a first impression on Lucifer producers: Just weeks after she was first cast as the mother of Tom Ellis’ titular devil and D.B. Woodside’s Amenadiel, the actress has already been promoted to a full-fledged series regular, TVLine has learned. RELATEDFall TV’s First Scoops: A Grey’s Baby, Vampire Diaries‘ New Big Bad and More Early Intel From 18 Returning Series The exclusive image of Helfer alongside Ellis and Woodside underscores the fact that mom essentially falls into the same demo as her two sons. “I heard it put, ‘She’s not really that much older [than Lucifer and Amenadiel],’ the Battlestar vet assured TVLine. “But it will all make sense once you see it.” RELATEDFall TV Preview: Who’s In? Who’s Out? Your Guide to Every Casting Move Helfer — who will debut in Lucifer’s Season 2 premiere on Monday, Sept. 19 at 9/8c — went on to tease that viewers will “very quickly” realize what the deal is with Charlotte, who’s been trapped in Hell for thousands of years by her ex-husband, God, “We’re not going to leave people guessing. There’s been enough of that with the concern that she’s escaped from Hell.” Check out the exclusive first portrait of Hell’s First Family below, then hit the comments with your insta-reaction. If you like TVLine, you'll LOVE our weekly newsletter. Click here to subscribe. Add a Comment TAGS: Fox, Lucifer, Tricia Helfer GET MORE: Casting News, Exclusive, Fall TV Preview, First Look Cancel reply Comments are monitored, so don’t go off topic, don’t frakkin’ curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. 30 Comments Nicole Walker says: July 20, 2016 at 8:40 AM I love the expression on Lucifer’s face. It’s like ‘You see what I have to deal with?!’ Really looking forward to season 2. Reply Litz says: July 20, 2016 at 8:41 AM Am I the only one that thinks that the image would have been better with Tricia standing in the middle instead of Lucifer? Just a wee bit sitcom-y, but I think they could have pulled it off. Reply Nicole Walker says: July 20, 2016 at 9:08 AM Yeah, since she is Mom, she should be the one standing over her two kids but since Luci’s the lead, I’m guessing he gets the top spot ;) Reply Katherine215 says: July 20, 2016 at 9:30 AM Haha, I thought the same thing! The balance is wrong, it’s driving me crazy. I get that he’s the lead and that’s why he’s standing, but ugh, it’s just off balance! Reply Wordsmith says: July 20, 2016 at 10:52 AM Then again, we know that they’re hardly a traditional family, so perhaps the unconventional positioning is a subtle but intentional statement. Reply kate says: July 20, 2016 at 9:14 AM What’s funny, and I’m still in the camp that there is something more to Chloe than meets the eye (I have been in the camp that somewhere in her history is an angel and either she got it activated when she ‘died’) but if there isn’t, well, aren’t we seeing perhaps the reason that Lucifer is so intrigued by Chloe? Reply Anne says: July 20, 2016 at 3:01 PM There has to be something in who her father is; he must be an angel of some kind. Reply Fran says: July 20, 2016 at 10:31 PM That’s a good theory Kate. I was just thinking she looks like Chloe. Reply Linda Cusano says: July 20, 2016 at 11:00 AM She’s too young to play his mother. Reply Matt Webb Mitovich says: July 20, 2016 at 11:03 AM http://tvline.com/2016/04/25/lucifer-season-1-finale-mom-escapes-hell/ Reply John Corbae says: July 20, 2016 at 1:10 PM Demon !! Can be any age she wants. Reply Connie Naylor says: July 20, 2016 at 11:13 AM Love Tricia Helfer. She was so perfect in Battlestar with a nonchalant bad side but with a good side for those things she cared about. Great acting with merely facial expression. Anxious to see the season premiere. So happy she was made a regular. She will have great chemistry with the rest of the cast. Reply James third says: July 20, 2016 at 11:32 AM Nice family pic.I would love to join the cast. Reply Anne says: July 20, 2016 at 11:51 AM Oh I’m so excited!!!!!! She’s going to be such a great addition. Reply Ninamags says: July 20, 2016 at 12:30 PM So first God had a sister and now he has a wife? Reply Joey Padron says: July 20, 2016 at 1:14 PM Great family photo. Excited to see new season this fall and to see Lucifer interact with his mom in new season! Reply Robin Evans says: July 20, 2016 at 1:23 PM All three are looking beautifully devilish! LOL Reply Vishous says: July 20, 2016 at 2:25 PM Is It September YET?! Looks awesome can’t wait to watch how Lucifer deals with MOM & Chloe. Reply Valerie Bowen says: July 20, 2016 at 3:43 PM Definitely looking forward to second season! Reply Tony says: July 20, 2016 at 7:13 PM I love that show Lucifer can’t wait until it comes back. Reply Saul contreras says: July 20, 2016 at 7:37 PM Good actriz I saw her work in galáctica excellent. Down side to young but who cares she is pretty smart and really good actriz Reply Valerie says: July 20, 2016 at 9:05 PM I wanted Sandra Oh. But haven’t been disappointed yet. So I can’t wait to see what this lady can do. Reply Joanna Brown says: July 20, 2016 at 9:10 PM Loved the 1st season, can’t wait much longer for season. Great entertainment, didn’t miss a single episode last season. Keep it coming! Reply Jake says: July 21, 2016 at 4:05 AM Looking forward to the new season. Reply Khus says: July 21, 2016 at 4:37 AM Omg… she is so hot:) really I am vry excited about season ‘2’. Reply dieulane pierre jean says: July 21, 2016 at 6:50 AM Lovely family! Reply Colleen says: July 21, 2016 at 3:57 PM I love the mother from hell story, but I’m hoping it’s not going to take from Lucifer and Chloe…..hmmmm Reply Royce Burton says: July 24, 2016 at 10:33 AM All three are such beautiful people. How can they possibly be bad? Reply Idilia Socorro says: July 29, 2016 at 3:46 PM Beautiful family. I hope she will be funny like Lucifer. Reply Debra Valer says: October 15, 2016 at 2:56 PM I love this show! It’s unique and cleverly hilarious. I like Tricia as mom. Her quips and expressions are excellent! Awesome! !! Reply See More Comments Today's Hottest Stories 1Matt's Inside Line: Scoop on Arrow, Lucifer, Timeless, Lethal Weapon, Once, Gilmore, Supergirl, Chi Fire… 22017 Renewal Scorecard: What's Coming Back? What's Getting Cancelled? What's on the Bubble? 3Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel Contemplate a Second Gilmore Revival: 'This Week on Grandma Girls...' 4The Voice Top 12 Performance Recap: I Do Want to Miss Some Things 5The Voice Predictions: Who's at Risk on Top 12 Results Night? Most Commented 1Donald Trump on 60 Minutes: The 10 Most Surprising Revelations198 2SNL: Kate McKinnon's Hillary Clinton Sings Leonard Cohen's…134 3Supergirl: Alex Coming Out Leads to a Sisterly Misunderstanding, and…74 4SNL's Alec Baldwin Says NBC Execs 'Kill' Political Endorsement on the…69 5Gotham Star Shuts Down Those Who Complain a Gay Penguin Is Not 'Canon'64 What to Watch Tonight 12:00 A M The Mindy Project 08:00 P M NCIS 08:00 P M The Flash 08:00 P M Brooklyn Nine-Nine Full Story Our Team Michael Ausiello Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel Contemplate a… Matt Webb Mitovich The Flash Recap: Wally Whirled Kimberly Roots This Is Us Recap: Brothers, Brownies and Pretty… Andy Swift Teen Wolf Boss Talks Stiles and Lydia's Big… Dave Nemetz Watch SNL's Cast and Host Kristen Wiig Take on… Vlada Gelman TVLine Items: This Is Us Casts Mom, Scream… Michael Slezak The Voice Top 12 Results Recap: Did the Right… Kristen Wiig, 'SNL' & David S. Pumpkins Skeletons Take Mannequin… Ian Somerhalder & Nina Dobrev: Exes Replacing R-Patz & K-Stew In… This is the crazy car 'sport' that you win by pulling crazy… Is Finish Line Selling JackRabbit? About Us Advertise Contact Us Newsletter Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights The Power of Content Copyright © 2016 TVLine Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 16, 2:20 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology How Tesla Makes You Buy Cars: Online Stores, Mall Shops Redefine Retail Experience By Alexandra Suarez On 10/15/16 AT 4:08 PM Close You might not necessarily think “retail” when the name “Tesla” is mentioned. But by doing away with the franchise dealership model of traditional automotive companies, the San Francisco Bay Area-based company is, in fact, behaving in a way that would liken it to a luxury retailer. The company recently opened a retail space in a Nordstrom in Los Angeles’ shopping area The Grove, and another store space in New York City's artistically inclined Red Hook neighborhood.  Enter Tesla Motor Inc’s vice president of North America sales and marketing, Ganesh Srivats. His name might ring a bell for those familiar with the fashion industry. Srivats was a former retail and strategy executive at Burberry and came to Tesla after 16 years in retail, luxury and strategy. In July 2015, Srivats stepped into his current role and was tasked with advancing the company’s image as a major player in the luxury automotive sector. Srivats addressed attendees Thursday at the third annual 2016 Fashion Tech Forum to discuss how Tesla was advancing the luxury retail model. The Fashion Tech Forum, which was hosted this year at Brooklyn’s Duggal Greenhouse, saw tech CEOs, fashion retailers, designers and engineers sitting side-by-side to participate in discussions on the future of fashion, retail and technology. Among them were major players in e-commerce like Rent the Runway’s CEO and co-founder Jennifer Hyman, and other Silicon Valley heavy hitters like and Snapchat’s director of product revenue Peter Sellis and Intel’s vice president of New Technology Group Sandra E. Lopez. Ganesh Srivats (vice president of North America sales at Tesla Motors) and Piers Fawkes (Founder+President of PSFK2) discuss Tesla's retail strategy at the 2016 Fashion Tech Forum in Brooklyn, New York, Oct. 13, 2016. Photo: Photo Courtesy of Fashion Tech Forum Srivats, who has a robust background in luxury, fashion and technology, said luxury fashion retailers and Tesla have more in common than you might think. Tesla has become the "see now, buy now" brand of luxury car retail, thanks to the immediacy and speed of its output. The company does not sell through dealerships, but through galleries and sleek, modern stores. It’s direct to consumer. “If you’re profit-minded and you have all of these gas-guzzling SUVS that are selling really fast, what incentive do you have to get out there and re-evangelize a new technology that’s going to be hard to sell and when you have all of this other product that moves faster?” Srivats asked, addressing the crowd. “It’s for these reasons that we decided to move into the retail space because we have to control the customer experience, we have to take the ownership to educate people and we have to make sure that experience is physical and real.” A goal in streamlining the vehicle purchasing process in Tesla stores is to have the Tesla stores function very similarly to making an online purchase. Srivats said “product specialists” have replaced salespeople and stores will become more “intuitive.” “One of the things that you will see evolving at Tesla stores in the future is the intuition behind retail. When you go online at home, no one sits next to you and tells you where to click,” he said. “We’re talking about the autonomous store experience as opposed to the assisted store experience.” Shoppers can more or less purchase a Tesla online. Everything, short of actually walking away with the car, can be handled through its site. FindTheCompany | Graphiq “We spend a lot of time thinking about simplification – one touch contracts, one-touch leasing. So you can speed up the process. You can go into your iPhone right now and buy a Tesla. And that’s how we’re going to scale. It's through the diversification of ways in which we are going to reach people,” he said. Tesla, which was founded in 2003, released its first Tesla Roadster in 2008.  As of March, the company had sold nearly 125,000 electric cars around the world. Since then, the company debuted its forthcoming mass-market EV vehicle, the Model 3 sedan, opened its Gigafactory (which will reportedly double the world’s production of lithium batteries, according to Srivats) and purchased SolarCity, the solar energy company, for a cool $2.6 billion in shares in August.  Tesla’s chief executive officer, Elon Musk, has said he has a plan to “accelerate” its electric car production. The goal is 500,000 vehicles rolling out by 2018 and a staggering one million vehicles by 2020. To get there, the company announced this week plans to double the size of its 4.5 million square foot Fremont factory to accommodate the volume of Model S, Model X and, now, the new Model 3.  Here is where Srivats’ background in retail and the Burberry connection comes into play. Burberry, a British luxury heritage brand that brings to mind plaid prints and classic trench coats, has actually been a major player in adopting tech and integrating it into both its brand and its retail strategy. You can hop on Snapchat, for example, and play with custom sponsored Burberry filters and watch its Snap Ads. The British luxury brand was also one of the major design houses, along with Ralph Lauren and Tommy Hilfiger, to adopt the see now, buy now runway collection, offering its spring 2017 clothing straight off the runways.  Related Stories Tesla Aims To Double Factory Space Tesla To Hold 2 Launch Events This Month “You have to allow for open experimentation and taking chances," Srivats said. "At Burberry, the company was really good at doing that, too." In Tesla's second-quarter update report from August, the car company detailed its plans to open a new retail location “every four days on average during the remainder of Q3 through Q4.” It currently counts close to 200 retail locations.  “We want to be where the customers already are. You want to be where the customers are walking up and down the street, buying their coffee or buying their clothes,” Srivats said. He added: “Between fashion and tech, that’s one thing we simply share: It’s this constant challenge to innovate and to stay ahead of that curve.” Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Report Likens Tax Havens To Disease That Must Be Quarantined The report on the Panama Papers was written by Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and Swiss anti-corruption expert Mark Pieth. Technology Tinder Introduces Transgender Options The dating app allowed users to choose only between male and female till now. World Can A Crowdfunded Telescope Photograph An Earth-Like Planet? Project Blue, launched by an international consortium of scientists, began a Kickstarter campaign Tuesday to raise funds for a telescope that may capture a “pale blue dot” image of an alien planet. National Thomas Barrack To Head Trump’s Inaugural Committee Barrack, the former deputy undersecretary of the Department of Interior under the Reagan administration, is a staunch Trump ally advising the real estate mogul on economics and national security. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States

16/11/2016 Home News Sport What's On About us Contact us You are in: > Leitrimobserver > Home Man faked his own kidnapping Receiver appointed over shares of firm linked to Kevin McGeever Reporter: Claire McGovern 15 Oct 2016 0 The High Court has appointed a receiver over shares in a company linked to Kevin McGeever the former property developer who faked his own kidnapping and was later found in Leitrim. Mr Justice Paul McDermott on Friday appointed solicitor Mr Hugh Kane of Kane Tuohy as receiver on an interim basis by way of equitable execution over shares in the Belize-based Universal Assets Ltd, which the court heard owner of a mansion called 'Nirvana' located on a five acre site in Craughwell Co Galway. Mr McGeever with an address at Clontarf Dublin 3, has claimed 'Nirvana' is held in trust for his daughters Shanelle and Renee who live in Australia. The application to appoint Mr Kane was brought on behalf of businessman Mr James Byrne as part of his attempts to recover a judgment of €1.2m obtained against the Mr McGeever. Mr Byrne had obtained judgment against Mr McGeever and his company in 2014 over a failed deal to purchase several apartments in Dubai sold by Mr McGeever's KMM Intel Properties. Seeking the appointment of Mr Kane, whose firm acts for Mr Byrne, Gary McCarthy SC said the application was being made to protect Mr Byrne's position. The shares in Universal Assets, counsel said were owned by a Mr Robert Kearney. Counsel said Mr McGeever is the beneficial owner of the shares. Counsel said while 'Nirvana' has been neglected in recent years it was a "magnificent property" that had been lavishly decorated. Mr McGeever has claimed he manages the property and has power of attorney, renewed, every year over the company. He had claimed the shares in the company are held in trust on behalf of his children and despite being given many opportunities to hand over evidence of the trust he has failed to do so Counsel said it was clear Mr McKeever had sought "to hide behind an offshore company" for the purpose of avoiding creditors. The appointment of Mr Kane as receiver was sought so matters could be fully investigated by him. The application was opposed by Mr McGeever's lawyers. They had argued there was no rush to make the appointment and Mr McGeever was seeking a valuation on Nirvana in ease of the court. . In his ruling Mr Justice McDermott said the justice of the situation required that a receiver be appointed. In his ruling the judge noted that no deed of trust had been provided to Mr Byrne's lawyers nor had details about the trust nor has the identities of the trustees been provided. The matter was adjourned to October 25th. Mr Byrne has also proceedings seeking Mr McGeevers attachment and committal to prison over his alleged failure to fully disclose details about his assets The application, which has been opposed, has been before the courts on several previous occasions. That action has also been adjourned to October 25th to allow Mr McGeever to take steps including transfer shares in Universal Assets to Mr Byrne. Last April Mr McGeever pleaded guilty before Galway Circuit Court, and received a two years suspended sentence, for wasting garda time. He had claimed he was kidnapped by creditors who held him for eight months before he turned up on a roadside and was picked up by a passing motorist.   Leave your comment Share your opinions on Text Characters left: 1500 Digital newsstand Our latest editions exactly as they are printed Buy edition Browse edition 40 % of garda budget went towards the policing of public order issues 'Public order problem in County Leitrim' claims Supt Protest outside Ballinamore Post Office on High Street in September this year. Ballinamore Post Office expected to move shortly Carrick Cineplex Cinema Don't miss the Carrick Cinema voucher in tomorrow's paper Sligo digger recovered in Fermanagh Dáil Eireann Two Leitrim TDs vote for politician pay increase Matthew Gralton and Christy Daly trial hears how deceased was beaten, then shot May they rest in peace Tuesday, November 15 Recent deaths in the Leitrim area - updated Nicole Fowley pictured with her first cap and her proud parents Pauric and Margaret. Flying the flag for Ireland & Leitrim Leitrim link to new Irish Ladies rugby international Water disruptions expected in South Leitrim area Get involved in Movember this month! Nine out of ten prostate cancer patients survive over five years compared to just one in three in 1976 Carrick-on-Shannon meeting Proposal not to go ahead with controversial drinking bye-laws in Leitrim town November 15, 2016 Recent deaths in the Leitrim area Tweets by @LeitrimToday   Home News Sport What's On About us Contact us Rss Privacy Policy Cookie policy If you wish, you can contact us using any of the methods below:  Leitrim Observer, 3 Hartley Business Park, Carrick-on-shannon, Co Leitrim Email: editor@leitrimobserver.ie Telephone: 071 9620025whats o This website and its associated newspaper are full participating members of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Leitrim Observer provides news, events and sport features from the Leitrim area. For the best up to date information relating to Leitrim and the surrounding areas visit us at Leitrim Observer regularly or bookmark this page. 
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that the hundreds of articles written on Phoronix each month are mostly authored by one individual working insane hours? Phoronix.com doesn't have a whole news room with unlimited resources and relies upon people reading our content without blocking ads and alternatively by people subscribing to Phoronix Premium for our ad-free service with other extra features. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Khronos, Mesa, Standards & Conformance / Certification: Open Source, Open Standards Written by Michael Larabel in Standards on 15 October 2016 at 09:10 AM EDT. 13 Comments The past week or two in our forums and elsewhere there's been a lot of comments about Khronos' conformance testing for OpenGL 4.4/4.5 with the Mesa drivers finally reaching that point, concern over Khronos' fees being prohibitive for open-source projects (particularly in cases like Nouveau where it's community driven without a main corporate backer), and some FUD related to this matter. I've now received some clarification from The Khronos Group to lay these concerns to rest. For those not reading the comments in the Phoronix Forums, Reddit, and elsewhere, the conformance process has been raising concerns among some readers with the Mesa drivers having not exposed OpenGL 4.4/4.5 yet officially (though last night Intel officially exposed GL 4.5, as of writing RadeonSI and Nouveau NVC0 still show GL 4.3 while they implement all GL 4.4 / 4.5 extensions). Some of the Git commits and mailing list messages about GL 4.4/4.5 have mentioned "conformance" and the "CTS" (conformance test suite) plus this PDF and links to the Khronos adopter page has also been circulating that shows costs for OpenGL 4.4/4.5 conformance fees as $25~30k USD, which led to a number of concerns by users wondering if they needed to pass this costly process to advertise GL 4.4/4.5 or face trademark issues, what would happen in cases like Nouveau where they aren't backed by a Khronos member company, whether Khronos is trying to shake down developers, and all sorts of other stuff. This hasn't been a problem before for Mesa's OpenGL implementation since Khronos only rolled out their conformance program for GL with OpenGL 4.4 and 4.5. Khronos also maintains adopter conformance tests for OpenGL ES too. With seeing talk among users on this topic continue and even some suggesting a crowdfunding campaign so Nouveau could have the finances to pass the conformance tests, I set out to get some clarification from Khronos. Khronos President Neil Trevett was able to lay these concerns to rest. Long story short, it's not posing a problem for open-source projects. Trevett explained, "Khronos always welcomes bona fide open source implementations of any of its APIs - and obviously everyone wins if they can be officially conformant. So - we typically will waive the Adopters fee for any open source organization who wants to be officially conformant - so they can access the tests and make a submission." They are aware of Mesa's situation and are working with them. If there are any other open-source developers (or e.g. Nouveau developers interested in conformance but without a Khronos contact), let me know and happy to put you in touch. It was also pointed out on this page, Khronos does back up their open-source project support, "Non-commercial implementations of Khronos specifications, including open source projects, often cannot afford to become a Khronos Member or Adopter. Khronos has often waived Membership and Adopters fees to bona fide open source implementers of Khronos specifications that play an important role in the API ecosystem." Also exciting is that based upon the success of Vulkan's more open approach with those tests being open-source, etc, Khronos is looking at putting their other API conformance tests as open-source too for making them more accessible to developers. Basically, all appears well on the Khronos front and concerns raised through various portals recently about conformance fees and processes are not of issue to open-source projects like Mesa. Just another reason to love this industry standards body and their mutual support for open-source. 13 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Standards News Igalia Joins The Khronos Group HTTP-SS: "A New Faster Internet Protocol" LLGL Aims To Be Abstraction Layer For OpenGL, Direct3D 11/12 & Vulkan Khronos Launches NNEF, OpenVX NNE We Might Never See A New OpenGL Version, At Least Not For A Long Time The Brewing Problem Of PGP Short-ID Collision Attacks Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Intel Corporation: This Chart Suggests INTC stock can Run 40% INTEL CORPORATION 32,552  Euro +0,101 +0,31 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 16.11.16 | 08:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,497 32,644 08:27 32,507 32,60 08:23 15.10.2016 | 11:04 (17 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) ProfitConfidential.com·Mehr Nachrichten von ProfitConfidential.com Intel Corporation: This Chart Suggests INTC stock can Run 40% INTC Stock: Targeting All-Time Highs The semiconductor sector has been the standout winner for 2016, as this unexpected sector has produced a mind-boggling 23.2% return year-to-date. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) stock is up 12.3% and is lagging behind a few of its peers. Lagging behind the benchmark index may seem worrisome, but I have reason to believe that Intel stock has only begun a run towards higher prices. As an analyst and trader, I use technical analysis to systematically and objectively create. Den vollständigen Artikel lesen ... © 2016 ProfitConfidential.com Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:51 "The Intel Of Your Generation is Nvidia!' Screams Cramer ► Artikel lesen Di Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech ► Artikel lesen Di Intel to invest over $250M in autonomous driving ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Is Making a Major Investment in Autonomous Vehicles ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,552 +0,31 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Woot! Deals & Shenanigans Community Sign in Sign in New to Woot? - Sign up Your Account Stuff You Bought Customer Service Feedback Home & Kitchen Electronics Computers Tools & Garden Sports & Outdoors Fashion Kids & Toys Shirt Wine Sellout Woot → Today's Woot Hey, you can only buy 3 of these. Leave some for the rest of us! Update the quantity in your cart. ASUS ZenBook Pro Signature Edition Laptop, 15.6" 4K IPS Touchscreen, Intel Core i7 Quad-Core, NVIDIA GTX 960M 2GB, 512GB Solid State Drive, 16GB RAM, Win10H - (Your Choice: Processor) Condition Factory Reconditioned Screen Size 15.6" Processor - Select - Intel Core i7-4720HQ Intel Core i7-6700HQ Quantity 1 2 3 Limit 3 per customer Hurry only 1 left! add to cart You missed it! But Today's Woot is waiting! Holiday Returns Discuss this Deal schwietertj says, "This is the same machine I use at work..." danielsmtihsd compares CPU. join the discussion21 one hot piece of asus       Back to top Advertisement Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Note: Shown with Windows 8. Windows 10 Home Installed. Features Specs Sales Stats Top Comments Features Protect Your Stuff 1-year protection plan: $139.99 – $159.99 Buy Now The Art of Power The stunningly-beautiful ZenBook Pro UX501 doesn’t just lead its class - it redefines it. Using the best materials, the finest craftsmanship and the most advanced high-performance components, ZenBook Pro has jaw-dropping style and breathtaking performance. The timelessly-elegant design of the ZenBook family, with the iconic spun-metal finish echoing the spirit of Zen, is subtly enhanced with brilliant diamond-cut highlights and brushed-metal surfaces that add a touch of sophistication. The elegant theme is continued in the stylish ripple-effect pattern laser-engraved on its surface. ZenBook Pro is more than an incredibly-powerful laptop - it’s a true work of art. See the Finest Details: 4K/UHD display with incredible pixel density ASUS Splendid technology provides three optimized display settings to satisfy various using scenarios – vivid mode, eye care mode, and normal mode. The vivid mode is optimized for photo browsing and movie playback, while eye care mode being specially-designed for long-time reading that can prevent eye train. When it comes to daily working and common usages, normal mode fits the best. Besides three optimized modes, users also have the flexibility to adjust panel color temperature according to personal preference easily. Seeing is Believing: 4K/UHD display brings every detail to life The stunning 4K/UHD display gives your eyes a visual treat, whether you’re reading text, viewing photos or watching videos. The amazing resolution makes photo or video editing so much easier, with every tiny detail pin-sharp and crystal-clear. And when you’re web browsing, everything —even the smallest text — is easily visible! 100% sRGB display for superb color accuracy ZenBook Pro’s display features an ultra-wide color gamut of 72% NTSC, 100% sRGB and 96% Adobe RGB. In plain language, this means it can display more colors, more accurate colors and more vivid colors than any standard display. IPS technology ensures that contrast and color reproduction are not degraded at wide viewing angles up to 178 degrees, and with factory-calibrated color temperature for consistent color, ZenBook Pro sets a new standard for laptop displays. The best performance in class The ‘Pro' in ZenBook Pro isn't just an empty promise. Every single component — without exception — is chosen to deliver outstanding performance. A high-performance Intel® Core™ i7 processor, teamed with 16GB of RAM and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX™ 960M graphics provide desktop-level performance. The latest dual-band 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0 let you can connect to the outside world at the fastest possible speeds, and three SuperSpeed USB 3.0 ports plus HDMI and mini DisplayPort give you access to the latest high-performance peripherals. Professionals deserve nothing less. Four brains think faster than one At the heart of ZenBook Pro is the incredibly powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ processor, giving effortless performance for any task you can think of. With a massive 16GB of RAM, ZenBook Pro gives you super-smooth multitasking and plenty of processing horsepower in reserve for even the most intensive number-crunching tasks. ZenBook Pro will never run out of steam, whether you’re manipulating multiple large office documents like spreadsheets and graphics-loaded presentations, watching 4K videos, rendering complex 3D graphics or simply relaxing with the latest and most resource-hungry 3D games. Ultimate Graphics for Exclusive Experience Editing high-definition videos can be a frustrating task on an underpowered laptop. ZenBook Pro has all the ingredients needed to make sure your creativity isn’t hampered by waiting: a powerful processor, lots of high-speed RAM, ultra-fast flash storage and, of course, a high-performance NVIDIA graphics chip. The smooth, fluid and responsive graphics performance ensures your editing will flow, not stutter along. Next-Generation Wi-Fi ZenBook Pro includes next-generation dual-band 802.11ac Wi-Fi, with speeds of up to 867Mbit/s - three times as fast as previous-generation 802.11n. With twice the coverage, you can work or play anywhere, anytime. And what’s more, it works perfectly with all your existing wireless devices. Connect Faster: USB 3 ports get all connected and powered All three USB ports on ZenBook Pro are SuperSpeed USB 3.0 ports. With up to ten-times faster data transfers than USB 2.0, you can open even the largest files in a fraction of the time. USB 3.0 also has more power for charging mobile devices, and is fully compatible with all your existing USB devices. And with the exclusive ASUS USB Charger+ technology, mobile devices charge quicker - even when ZenBook Pro is powered off. SonicMaster Premium : Truly Incredible Sound ZenBook Pro features SonicMaster Premium, incorporating ICEpower®, Bang & Olufsen technology, developed by the ASUS Golden Ear audio engineering team for the ultimate audio experience. SonicMaster Premium produces sound that’s best-in-class and unlike anything you’ve ever heard from a laptop, with deep rich bass and crystal-clear vocals, even at high volume levels. The Power of Touch Featuring the same 16:9 aspect ratio as the 4K/UHD display, the large glass-coated multi-touch touchpad on ZenBook Pro is designed to be as intuitive and accurate as possible. Smart Gestures simulate many of Windows 8.1’s touchscreen functions on the touchpad, such as the right-edge swipe that shows the Charms bar. Smart Gestures also work in a wide range of applications. Backlit for a better typing experience A keyboard is still the best way to get things done for most professionals, so naturally we gave ZenBook Pro the best available. The keys are expertly tuned to require just the right amount of force to press and have just the right amount of travel -1.6mm to be precise - so it’s both quiet and comfortable for extended periods of typing. The separate number keys are a boon for data entry, and the backlight lets you always be able to see the keys, wherever you’re working - even in complete darkness. Key Features: Get reliable performance from the Intel Core i7 Quad-Core processor 15.6" 4K Ultra-HD LED-backlit IPS Touchscreen with 3840 x 2160 resolution showcases movies and games in stunning clarity 16GB memory - For multitasking power; supports up to 16GB PCI-E 512GB solid state drive for an amazingly smooth and fast computing experience USB 3.0 has transmission speeds of up to 5 Gbit/s, which is 10 times faster than USB 2.0 Enhanced viewing with the discrete NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M with 2GB GDDR5 dedicated graphics memory Wirelessly connect to a Wi-Fi signal or hotspot with the built-in 802.11ac wireless connection Easily link with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, such as a mobile phone or MP3s players Windows 10 is so familiar and easy to use, you’ll feel like an expert. It starts up and resumes fast, has more built-in security to help keep you safe, and comes with great built-in apps like Maps, Photos, Mail & Calendar, Music, and Video Shipping Note: Shipping to Alaska and Hawaii is not available for this item A physical address is required for delivery. No Military or PO Box shipments available Warranty: 90 Day Asus Sales Stats Snapshot Quantity Breakdown 95% bought 1 3% bought 2 2% bought 3 Speed to First Woot: 10m 1.001s First Sucker: kaiyotee See full sales stats Specs Specifications: Processor: Your Choice: Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6GHz (Turbo up to 3.6GHz) or Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6GHz (Turbo up to 3.5GHz) Processor Core: Quad-Core Screen Size: 15.6" Aspect Ratio: 16:9 Resolution: 3840 x 2160 Display Type: 4K Ultra-HD IPS Touchscreen Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M 2GB GDDR5 Memory: 16GB Memory (supports up to 16GB) (i7-4720HQ Model has DDR3 Memory; i7-6700HQ Model has DDR4 Memory) Hard Drive: PCI-E 512GB Solid State Drive Optical Drive: None Network: via USB Adapter (not included) Wireless: 802.11ac/a/b/g/n (Miracast enabled) Bluetooth: v4.0 Card Reader: 2 -in-1 card reader ( SD/ SDXC) Speakers: Built-in Stereo Speakers Sound: ASUS SonicMaster Webcam: 1.2MP webcam Microphone: Integrated Keyboard: Backlit Keyboard Pointing Device: Touchpad I/O Ports: HDMI: 1 Thunderbolt / mini DisplayPort: 1 USB 3.0: 3 Headphone/Microphone Combo: 1 Operating System: Genuine Windows 10 Home (64-bit) Power: AC Adapter 6-Cell Lithium Polymer Battery Dimensions: 15.10 x 10.00 x 0.80 in Weight: 5.04 lbs   In the box: ASUS ZenBook Pro Signature Edition Laptop, 15.6" 4K IPS Touchscreen, Intel Core i7 Quad-Core, NVIDIA GTX 960M 2GB, 512GB Solid State Drive, 16GB RAM, Win10H - (Your Choice: Processor) AC Adapter Sales Stats Speed to First Woot: 10m 1.001s First Sucker: kaiyotee Last Wooter to Woot: Anna138 Purchaser Experience 22% first woot 9% second woot 20% < 10 woots 20% < 25 woots 30% ≥ 25 woots Purchaser Seniority 15% joined today 0% one week old 3% one month old 7% one year old 75% > one year old Quantity Breakdown 95% bought 1 3% bought 2 2% bought 3 Percentage of Sales Per Hour 4% 3% 1% 2% 5% 4% 4% 5% 4% 6% 3% 3% 6% 3% 5% 3% 5% 8% 2% 8% 5% 5% 9% 2% 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Woots by State zero wooters wootinglots of wooters wooting Top Comments What are Top Comments? Top Comments are discussion forum posts we have deemed worthy of your time. Listen, we get a lot of comments, and most of the time, it's pretty forgettable stuff; but sometimes you rise to the top like butterfat in milk. We don't recommend you base your self-worth on how often we feature your comments, but we don't expressly forbid it either. join the discussion (21 comments) schwietertj says, "This is the same machine I use at work..." 4:55 AM, 10/15/2016 danielsmtihsd compares CPU. 8:21 PM, 10/14/2016 join the discussion (21 comments) Advertisement Asus 15.6" 4K UltraHD Intel i7 Touch Ultrabooks http://www.woot.com/offers/asus-15-6-4k-ultrahd-intel-i7-touch-ultrabooks $849.99 Sold Out Electronics > Computers $849.99 $949.99 USD false 1 Retail EA 1 3 Woot! Woot http://www.woot.com 4121 International Pkwy Carollton TX 75007 U.S.A. Woot Home.Woot Electronics.Woot Computers.Woot Tools.Woot Sport.Woot Accessories.Woot Kids.Woot Shirt.Woot Wine.Woot Sellout.Woot Woot Today's Woot Blog Community What is Woot? Customer Service Feedback Community Woots World of Woot Everything But Woot Blog Woot News Laffs Miscellanea What Is Woot? Woot FAQ Woot Affiliates Careers at Woot Product Recall Notices Woot's Return Policy Terms and Conditions Product Warranty Privacy Policy Vendor Resources Write Us Ways To Woot Facebook/woot @Woot on Twitter Woot Sale RSS Woot Blog RSS Or Make Your Own! Mumbo Jumbo Woot.com is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Woot.com are sold by Woot, Inc., other than items on Wine.Woot which are sold by the seller specified on the product detail page. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view; the narratives do not express Woot's editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot's terms of use and privacy policy. Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn't mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content © Woot, Inc. 2004-2016. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Weekly Roundup: Honor 8, Holly 3, Waterproof solar power bank, Intel’s first commercial drone and more Huawei’s Honor brand this week launched three new Honor smartphones – the Honor 8, Honor 8 Smart, and Honor Holly 3 – in India. The flagship Honor 8 was first announced in China back in July. It packs a 5.2-inch 1080p 2.5D curved glass display, is powered by an Octa-Core Kirin 950 processor with 4GB of RAM and runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with EMUI 4.1. It has dual 12-megapixel rear cameras, one with monochrome and other with color sensor to capture crisper, more detailed photos. The Honor 8 comes in Sunrise Gold, Pearl White, Sapphire Blue colors and is priced at Rs. 29,999 in India. It will be available for Amazon.in, Flipkart and the Honor store online and will also be available through offline retailers. We unboxed the smartphone recently, check the video below and read our full review before buying. The Honor 8 Smart is a cheaper version of the Honor 8 at the launch event. It has a 5.2-inch 1080p display with 76.4% screen-to-body ratio, is powered by an Octa-Core Kirin 650 processor and runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with EMUI 4.1 on top. It has a single 13-megapixel rear camera instead of a dual camera setup on Honor 8. The Honor 8 Smart comes in Black, White and Gold colors, is priced at Rs. 19,999 and will go on sale soon. The Honor Holly 3 shares similar specifications as the Honor 8 Smart. This is also the first Huawei phone that is made in India under the ‘Make in India’ initiative. It has classic 3D textured back cover, similar to the Holly 2 Plus. It is the same Honor 5A that was launched in China back in June.  The Honor Holly 3 Plus comes in Black, White and Gold colors, is priced at Rs. 9,999 and will go on sale in India soon. UIMI Technologies launched its first solar power bank under the ‘Make in India’ initiative. The 6000mAh power bank can also be charged using power, is dust and waterproof and has rubber finish for better durability It comes with a single input port and dual output USB ports for charging 2 devices simultaneously. It has 2.4W LED panel light. It also has indicative lights to display charging and power consumption status. The UIMI U3 6000mAh power bank comes in Deep Sky Blue and Lime Green colors and is priced at Rs. 799. It is available from Amazon.in, Snapdeal and other e-commerce retailers. Intex this week launched three new smartphones – two budget 4G VoLTE smartphones Aqua 5.5 VR and Aqua Craze II, and a 3G dual-SIM Aqua S2 with a fingerprint sensor. The Aqua 5.5 VR and Aqua Craze II pack a 5.5-inch display, run Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), feature a 5-megapixel front and rear cameras. The Intex Aqua 5.5 VR comes pre-loaded with 3D content and also comes with LED flash on the front. The Intex Aqua S2 is the cheapest Android smartphone with a fingerprint sensor in India. It has a 5-inch FWVA display with 64.4% screen-to-body ratio, is powered by a quad-core Spreadtrum SC7731 processor, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), has a 5-megapixel front and rear cameras. It has 3G connectivity and comes with dual SIM support. The Intex Aqua S2 comes in Champagne, White and Grey colors and is priced at Rs. 4,990. The Intex Aqua 5.5 VR comes in Champagne and Blue colors and Aqua Craze II comes in Dark Blue, Grey and Champagne colors and are priced at Rs. 5,099 and Rs. 5,990, respectively. Xiaomi finally launched its 10000mAh Mi Powerbank Pro with two-way fast charging and USB-Type C port in India. It was earlier introduced in China. It has USB Type-C support and support fast charging (5V/2A 9V/2A 12V/1.5A) so that it takes only 3.5 hours to charge the power bank fully with 18W charger. We unboxed the Xiaomi 10000mAh Mi Power Bank Pro recently, check out the video. The Xiaomi 10000 mAh Mi Powerbank Pro is priced at Rs. 1,999 and will go on sale in India from October 17th during Xiaomi’s Diwali sale. Sony launched BRAVIA KD-65Z9D, its new 4K TV in the BRAVIA Z9D series with 4K HDR support. It features a newly developed 4K image processor – the 4K HDR Processor X1 Extreme and a unique backlight technology- Backlight Master Drive, to attain extraordinary contrast and extremely accurate wide colour expression. It runs on the latest Android TV 6.0 (Marshmallow) with Sony’s exclusive user interface, has inbuilt Program guide & one TV Remote controlling both DTH/STB and BRAVIA. The Sony BRAVIA KD-65Z9D is priced at Rs. 5,04,900 and will be available for pre-booking from 15th October till 31st October in all Sony Centers. Asus launched Zenfone 3 Laser, successor of last year’s Zenfone Laser in India back in August, and it started selling the smartphone this week. The Zenfone 3 Laser packs a 5.5-inch 1080p display with 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection and 77% screen-to-body ratio, is powered by Snapdragon 430 SoC, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with ZenUI, has a 13-megapixel rear camera. The Asus Zenfone 3 Laser comes in Glacier Silver and Sand Gold colors and is priced at Rs. 18,999. Intel unveiled its first commercial drone dubbed as Falcon 8+ this week. It is especially designed for industrial inspection surveying and mapping.    The drone comes equipped with Intel Falcon 8+ UAV, Intel Cockpit for ground control as well as the Intel Powerpack to power the UAV. It is also powered with the triple-redundant AscTec Trinity autopilot. It can fly for up to 26 minutes at a time on a redundant power pack. The UAV is arrange in a V-form measuring 768 x 817 x 160 mm with a take off weight of 2.8 kg (6 pounds) when loaded with a camera. There is no word on the pricing or launch. Ulefone introduced U007 Pro, an updgraded version of the U007 . This has 4G support and the MediaTek MT6580A SoC has been replaced by MT6735 SoC. Other specifications are the same, including a 5-inch HD display,  Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), 8-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera and dual-SIM support. The Ulefone U007 Pro comes in Space Grey, Black and White colors and is priced at US$ 69.99 (Rs. 4680 approx.). It is now available for pre-order online and will ship soon. MediaTek India announced availability of MT2511 and MT2523, its latest System on Chips (SoCs) targeted at health, fitness and wearables devices. The MT2511 is the company’s first bio-sensing analog front-end (AFE) chip designed for health and fitness devices, and the MT2523 is designed for active and fitness smartwatches and offers GPS, dual-mode Bluetooth Low Energy, and a MIPI-supported high-resolution mobile screen. The health devices powered by MT2511 and MT2523 are expected to be introduced in the India market by early 2017. Lastly, a division of Kingston Technology – HyperX – launched its second official Xbox licensed gaming headset, CloudX Revolver Gears of War in India. The headset is co-designed with Microsoft and The Coalition, the studio developing Gears of War 4. It features a genuine leather headband and high-quality memory foam that lets you play for hours. It has solid steel frame built for long-lasting durability, and the detachable noise-cancellation microphone. The HyperX Cloud Revolver Gears of War is priced at Rs. 11,999, but it is available exclusively from Amazon.in for Rs. 9,698. It is backed by a two-year warranty. "Weekly Roundup: Honor 8, Holly 3, Waterproof solar power bank, Intel's first commercial drone and more", 5 out of 5 based on 8 ratings. Author: Hitesh Arora From making Gadget and Auto videos for TV and online media, this guy landed up in Tech Writing. He has his heart at the right place when it comes to finding deals online. You will always find him suggesting people which device to buy. Hitesh calls himself a TV buff, who loves cooking, eating, dancing, and sleeping. You can follow him on Twitter @hitesharoraa View all posts by Hitesh Arora Author Hitesh AroraPosted on October 15, 2016October 15, 2016Categories Android, Roundup, Smartwatches, Tablets Post navigation Previous Previous post: Samsung India offering freebies with Galaxy S7/S7 edge purchases for Galaxy Note7 pre-book customers Next Next post: HTC Bolt with 5.5 inch 1080p display, 3GB RAM and no headphone jack surfaces Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google PhotoScan app will digitize your old printed photos Reliance Jio to launch 4G VoLTE feature phones under Rs. 1500 with unlimited voice, video calling OnePlus 3T prices compared across the world OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 – What’s Different OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821, 16MP front and rear cameras, up to 128GB storage announced starting at $439 OnePlus 3T briefly appears on official site; 16MP front camera, 3400mAh battery, new Gunmetal color confirmed Apple working on AR smartglass, WhatsApp rolls out video calling and more – FoneArena Daily ‘Designed by Apple in California’ book with 450 Apple product images released for $299 iBall MusiTap Bluetooth headset with FM Radio, microSD support launched for Rs. 1325 LeEco appoints Anthony Gao as APAC President, receives $600 million new funding CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
null
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville US STOCK MARKET, BIG PICTURE VIEW By Scutify Oct 14, 2016 4:12 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Because perspective is everything, let's once again get some big picture perspective... S&P 500 is outside the lower fork line (again the Fork being a novelty, but the line being real) but above critical support. Bears would call this an overthrow to the upside and massive bull trap. We can call it an intact bull market above support and a very bearish market should that support be lost. We'll throw in other time frames on the SPX for reference. When the weekly chart crossed those two moving averages up and then got through resistance (now support), it went bullish. Simple. SPX daily chart is at the wedge bottom, but serious support is lower still. Dow egg is in its little nest, with Mommy Bird Janet Yellen sitting atop of it keeping it warm and comfy incubating it for years on end after Daddy Bird flew the coop. Let's put aside for a moment that the bond market is making initial signs of disrupting Mommy Bird. Above the solid and dotted green lines... bullish. Below them, scrambled eggs. Nasdaq 100 is in blue sky. So if you're getting good and bearish, let's just remember that. The first step to a technical bearish situation - a monthly close below 4816.35 - has not even been taken. And that would only be a small step. Semiconductor Index continues to target what it targets. I believe the target was 870 based on the short-term pattern, but we have had 930 in view since early 2014 (the year that Semis were supposedly imploding) with the 750 target long ago put in the books. I am cautious about owning this stuff after taking profit all around (except Intel), but if the market only corrects and does not go big picture bearish a pullback here could be another buying opportunity. Finally, last and least, is the Russell 2000. The reason I say least is that these stocks have theleast in market cap (among the headline indexes), the least reward vs. risk proposition (see the weekly leadership chart below) and the least attractive monthly chart. This wild man has already done a 38% Fib retrace, bounced back hard and retains a pattern that can only be described as gross as long as it is below 1300. We did measure out a still unregistered target of around 1350 for this years ago, by the way. That was based on the giant 'Cup' formed from 2007 to 2011. However, here we can recall the HUI Gold Bugs index, on which I had a similar Cup measuring to near 900. That one proved to be a, ah, bad target. So there's that caveat. Here's the weekly 'leadership' indicator chart. This has guided us on Small Cap leadership in 2016 (green dotted uptrend channel) but greatly increased risk relative to Large Caps (gold downtrend channel). Again, simple. As for rolling the above into the current view, it's a smooth transition. The stock market has been bullish since the signal was made on the S&P 500 (with the weekly EMA 20 crossing above the EMA 50) and the Brexit hysteria failed to be anything other than short-term bullish. Here is another view of the second chart above, adding some long-term perspective with similar signals and would-be signal. This has so far turned out to be more like 1998 and 2011 than 2001 and 2008. Very simply, the bulls have the ball, period. The bears want that ball and all they have to do is crack the big picture support parameters in order to make things not just bearish, but potentially extremely so, given that the recent breaks upward to blue sky in many indexes would then be painted as an epic final suck in on a bullish overthrow. So how about a little patience as things play out. The short-term theme has been for a pullback to test major support. Let's let that play out before making any grand calls. Subscribe to NFTRH Premium for your 30-45 page weekly report, interim updates and NFTRH+ chart and trade ideas or the free eLetter for an introduction to our work. Or simply keep up to date with plenty of public content at NFTRH.com and Biiwii.com. Also, you can follow via Twitter@BiiwiiNFTRH, StockTwits or RSS. This article was written by Gary for NFTRH on Oct 13, 2016. This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 All-Time High in Russell 2000 ETF 2 CABLE TAKES IT ON THE CHIN 3 WHY HAR STOCK SURGED 25% ON MONDAY 4 GOLD Puts In Temporary Bottom 5 Where Did The Bulls Go? See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2016 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Connect with us × ARTICLES LATEST NEWS PROJECTS TECHNICAL ARTICLES INDUSTRY ARTICLES Forum LATEST GENERAL ELECTRONICS CIRCUITS & PROJECTS EMBEDDED & MICRO MATH & SCIENCE Education Textbooks Video Lectures Worksheets Industry Webinars By Category More Tools Giveaways Code Library Community Connect With Us IoT Part Search Giveaways LOG IN / JOIN Log In Join AAC Sign in with Member Benefits Log In Join AAC Sign in with     Member Benefits Home News World’s Third-Largest ISP Attacked by Botnet of 100,000 IoT Devices Trending Articles   World’s Third-Largest ISP Attacked by Botnet of 100,000 IoT Devices October 14, 2016 by Donald Krambeck The world's third-largest internet service provider, OVH, was attacked by hackers using over 100,000 IoT devices to overload their servers. The Largest DDoS Attack Yet Seen OVH isn't just an internet service provider, they provide shared cloud hosting, domain registration, and VOIP telephone services. This was a DDoS (distributed denial of service) attack, which attempts to flood a network resource with online traffic, causing it to become unavailable to the internet. One single computer cannot accomplish this task by itself. Instead, the hackers used over 100,000 IoT devices to hack OVH. The network of devices, a large group of devices including cameras and digital video recorders (DVRs), was controlled through a multivector DDoS attack. According to OVH, however, other devices were also involved—even Raspberry Pis.  One cause of this vulnerability was the settings on the devices used in the attack—i.e., these devices were improperly configured, allowing for them to be easily taken over. On September 22nd, OVH founder and CTO Octave Klaba tweeted a picture which illustrates just how large attacks were. At one point, the simultaneous attacks accounted for almost 1 Tbps. Other numerous attacks were still well over 100 Gbps, causing the company's servers to be tested to their utmost ability.   Tweet from Octave Klaba / Oles (@olesovhcom) September 22, 2016   Klaba later tweeted that "This botnet with 145607 cameras/dvr (1-30Mbps per IP) is able to send >1.5Tbps DDoS. Type: tcp/ack, tcp/ack+psh, tcp/syn". While this was ongoing, OVH was facing more and more devices attacking them daily. Not long before the attack on OVH, Brian Krebs' popular security news and investigation blog, KrebsOnSecurity, was targeted attacked through DDoS. This attack supposedly stemmed from taking part in exposing an Israeli firm, vDOS global, for its DDoS attack service. The attacks were so severe that Krebs' cloud-hosting service actually kicked KrebsOnSecurity off their servers, effectively killing the site temporarily. As of now, the site is back up and Krebs has since released several blog posts regarding the attack and how IoT hacks work in general.   How Can the IoT Be Hacked? There are millions of IoT devices in use today, bringing households closer to becoming fully automated. IoT devices are physical objects that hold an IP address for the purpose of connecting to the internet and allowing communication between themselves and other physical IoT devices and systems. There are various techniques to go about attacking these devices but in the case of OVH, hackers attacked a closed circuit television (CCTV system) to obtain a DDoS bot to their network and crash the OVH servers. As mentioned above, something as simple as having faulty settings on their devices or not changing default passwords allows for hackers to have an easy time forming an attack. Web security company, Cloudflare, also suffered an attack recently. This week, they posted an in-depth exploration of the attacks targeted at their servers.   A graph of the attacks sustained by Cloudflare. Image courtesy of Cloudflare.   Cloudflare was contending with what are known as Layer 7 (L7) attacks which use HTTP GET and exhaust servers by pretending to be legitimate connections instigated by actual people. OVH, by comparison, was apparently dealing with Layer 3 (L3) attacks, a more common form of attack that aims to overwhelm server resources. However, the attacks are similar in that Cloudflare, like OVH, is confident that they can trace the attack to IoT devices and CCTV cameras.   Preventing Future IoT-Fueled Attacks So how can further attacks be prevented? It's not as straightforward of an answer as one would think. Many—if not all—companies are aware of the serious security issues presented by the IoT, but it isn't always easy to respond to attacks as soon as they happen. Attacks aren't generally the same and for each industry and vary greatly. This is what makes it rather hard for companies to address risks before they happen—they do not always see potential vulnerabilities.  Intel's CTO Steve Grobman suggested that IoT devices should only be given the minimum amount of access to networks that they need for their specified function. As it is, many products are given more connectivity than they strictly need. Below is a map that illustrates the density of open security cameras across the United States.   Map courtesy of CARTO Data Analysis Team While OVH suffered from a huge attack, they have an extremely good anti-DDoS system in place. This system has a 3 Tbps surplus network that allows them to "soak up" data across their peer points that they have across the US. While at its peak, the attack reached around 1 Tbps of botnets DDoSing their system, this only accounted for about a third of OVH's complete network. In short, this extraordinary attack would have needed a much larger fleet of bots to completely take down OVH's system. However, with the number of IoT devices growing at such an extraordinary rate—increasing by the billions over the next 5 years—this DDoS attack clearly demonstrates the need for systemic improvements to IoT security.   Tags: ddos cctv iot security iot   Share Share Share Share Share You May Also Like: SpaceWire Triggering & Decoding with an Oscilloscope SpaceWire is a new serial bus standard for aircraft and areospace applications that supports bit rate up to 400 Mbps. The R&S option K65,... Rohde and Schwarz Zentri's “Silicon-to-Cloud” is Changing the IoT and M2M Game An overview of Zentri's IoT and M2M Platform. Does it live up its predecessor? Orrin Bigelow Edison vs. Arduino: Intel Battles for the IoT A design competition in collaboration with Hardware Academy is aimed at getting Intel Edison’s adoption up to speed. Majeed Ahmad Breakthrough in Nanoimprint Lithography Could Revolutionize Flexible Semiconductors Collaborative efforts from UW Madison and partnering Universities have developed a new technique to create low cost, high power flexible... Zabrel Holsman Load More Comments 1 CommentLogin redrooster01 2016-10-30 If they can find Mr big from the drug site Silk Road,that was hidden on the secret TOR network then surely they can trace back to these guys and prosecute them? They say its an Israeli firm so they know who it is? So why dont they prosecute them? Reply     Close Trending Articles Communicate with Your Arduino Through Android Project Control an Arduino with Bluetooth Project How to Make an Interactive TCP Server with NodeMCU on the ESP8266 Project How to Build Your Own Discrete 4-Bit ALU Project Using Interrupts on Arduino Technical Article ← News Index WHO WE ARE More about us Content News Projects Technical Articles Textbook Industry Articles Industry Webinars Giveaways Video Lectures Worksheets Forum Tools Electronic Components Categories Latest Analog Arduino Projects Connectors Digital ICs Embedded IoT Power Sensors Test & Measurement Wearables Wireless RF Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Contact Us YouTube LinkedIn Write For Us Advertise   Sign Up Register © EETech Media, LLC. All rights reserved Privacy Policy · Terms of Service · User Agreement
The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your administrator. Your support ID is: 16273187251331683812 [Go Back]
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Grossing Rs 50 cr, Sultan première sets record on Sony Max PTI   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Special Arrangement A still from the movie Sultan The movie was premièred last night and the inventory was sold out days ahead of the show-time. Mumbai, Oct 16:   Sony Max, the Hindi movie channel from Sony Pictures Networks India (SPN), has made history of sorts by grossing Rs 50 crore in ad revenue from television première of the Salman Khan-starrer “Sultan”. The Yash Raj Films-produced movie, released on July 6, has already raked in Rs 585 crore in worldwide box office collection (Rs 421 crore from the domestic market alone) and the channel claims this is the highest television première collection for the company ever. The movie was premièred last night and the inventory was sold out days ahead of the show-time. “It is one of the biggest blockbusters and it has been the biggest movie for us in terms of revenue. It is the highest grossing movie revenue which we have got, but we can’t disclose the revenue,” SPN President (Sales and International Business) Rohit Gupta told PTI here. However, according to sources, SPN has garnered Rs 50 crore from the première. Gupta also declined to divulge the deal size for the movie rights but according to media reports, SPN acquired the satellite rights for Rs 61 crore for five years. The broadcaster had sold all the inventory well before airing the movie last night. The ad rates were Rs 10 lakh for 10 seconds for standard definition channel Sony Max and Rs 2 lakh per 10 seconds for the HD channel Sony Max HD. Chinese handset maker Oppo and Reliance Jio were the co-presenters, while FMCG major Hindustan Unilever and auto major Mahindra were the co-sponsors. Bajaj Auto, Colgate, Mondelez, Reckitt Benckiser and Samsung Electronics came on board as the associate sponsors, while Apple, eBay India, Ford India, Google India, Huawei Tele, Intel, Intex Technologies, Lenovo, L’oreal, Pernod Ricard, Raymond and Vivo Mobiles were the spot buyers. Neeraj Vyas, business head for Hindi movies and music cluster at SPN, acknowledged that it is the highest SPN has ever done in the history of any film being premièred on the network in terms of revenue. He added that it had hiked rates by 20 per cent since the last major television première of “Bahubali”. “We’ve had an increase in ad rates, which is why the numbers have gone up to what they have. It was 20 per cent higher over the previous large movie première that we had sold last year around the same time for Bahubali,” Vyas said, adding this was the first time a movie was premièred simultaneously on Sony Max and Sony Max HD. He further said “Sultan” will have at least two or three runs on Sony Max before being aired on the network’s another channel Sony Waah. (This article was published on October 16, 2016) Related TOPICS arts, culture and entertainment | cinema | media | television industry | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Apex court refuses to stay Centre’s notification demonetising Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes Old notes to be accepted at fuel bunks, govt hospitals till Nov 24 Fuel price slash: petrol Rs 1.46, diesel Rs. 1.53 Demonetisation, the great leveller Cash crisis: Bengal tea workers want state to follow Assam's example Delhi Assembly passes resolution against currency ban India seeks Israel’s help in containing terrorism from Pakistan Rs 1 cr deposited in BJP account before demonetisation, alleges CPI (M) Black money helped Indian economy during global recession: Akhilesh Yadav Slash stamp duty to clean up real estate sector: Assocham Top Gainers / Top Losers Slideshow Day In Pictures more slideshows »  Business Wire TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions Business Wire India TSYS® (NYSE: TSS), a leading global payment solutions provider, today announced it has entered into a definitive a... » Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Business Wire India Murex, the distinguished provider of capital markets and treasury solutions, is proud to announce that it has been named as a Lea... » Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Business Wire India Amid global legal changes which affect the transfer of data between countries and in regulated industries, organisations are grap... » Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Business Wire India Foremay, Inc., a leader of technology innovation in rugged solid state drives and one of the world’s » Read More » LATEST NEWS Sensex gains 296 points; auto, IT stocks move up 9 min. ago Google launches photo scanning app 21 min. ago Another rate cut likely this fiscal, say HSBC economist 27 min. ago LafargeHolcim hikes stake in Ambuja Cement, ACC 34 min. ago Demonetisation: Old man in bank queue dies 40 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Variety Meet Viji Hari, who exposed the darkside of workplaces A young girl finds a picture of hers uploaded (without her permission) on Facebook, with lewd comments written below it; a soon-to-be-m... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Lifestyle Showbiz Grossing Rs 50-cr, Sultan premiere sets record for Sony Max Grossing Rs 50-cr, Sultan premiere sets record for Sony Max Sony Max, the Hindi movie channel from Sony Pictures Networks India (SPN), has made history of sorts by grossing Rs 50 crore in ad revenue from television premiere of the Salman Khan-starrer "Sultan". By: PTI | Mumbai | Published: October 16, 2016 10:38 AM   The Yash Raj Films-produced movie, released on July 6, has already raked in Rs 585 crore in worldwide box office collection (Rs 421 crore from the domestic market alone) and the channel claims this is the highest television premiere collection for the company ever. (Reuters) Sony Max, the Hindi movie channel from Sony Pictures Networks India (SPN), has made history of sorts by grossing Rs 50 crore in ad revenue from television premiere of the Salman Khan-starrer “Sultan”. The Yash Raj Films-produced movie, released on July 6, has already raked in Rs 585 crore in worldwide box office collection (Rs 421 crore from the domestic market alone) and the channel claims this is the highest television premiere collection for the company ever. The movie was premiered last night and the inventory was sold out days ahead of the show-time. “It is one of the biggest blockbusters and it has been the biggest movie for us in terms of revenue. It is the highest grossing movie revenue which we have got, but we can’t disclose the revenue,” SPN President (Sales and International Business) Rohit Gupta told PTI here. However, according to sources, SPN has garnered Rs 50 crore from the premiere. Gupta also declined to divulge the deal size for the movie rights but according to media reports, SPN acquired the satellite rights for Rs 61 crore for five years. The broadcaster had sold all the inventory well before airing the movie last night. The ad rates were Rs 10 lakh for 10 seconds for standard definition channel Sony Max and Rs 2 lakh per 10 seconds for the HD channel Sony Max HD. Chinese handset maker Oppo and Reliance Jio were the co-presenters, while FMCG major Hindustan Unilever and auto major Mahindra were the co-sponsors. Bajaj Auto, Colgate, Mondelez, Reckitt Benckiser and Samsung Electronics came on board as the associate sponsors, while Apple, eBay India, Ford India, Google India, Huawei Tele, Intel, Intex Technologies, Lenovo, L’oreal, Pernod Ricard, Raymond and Vivo Mobiles were the spot buyers. Neeraj Vyas, business head for Hindi movies and music cluster at SPN, acknowledged that it is the highest SPN has ever done in the history of any film being premiered on the network in terms of revenue. He added that it had hiked rates by 20 per cent since the last major television premiere of “Bahubali”. “We’ve had an increase in ad rates, which is why the numbers have gone up to what they have. It was 20 per cent higher over the previous large movie premiere that we had sold last year around the same time for Bahubali,” Vyas said, adding this was the first time a movie was premiered simultaneously on Sony Max and Sony Max HD. He further said “Sultan” will have at least two or three runs on Sony Max before being aired on the network’s another channel Sony Waah. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Afghan officials say suicide bomber kills 4 in Kabul Emma Watson starrer ‘Beauty and the Beast’ trailer sets new record in first 24 hrs Indian-Americans elected lawmakers for orientation programme Demonetisation: Twitter rages over use of indelible ink on exchange of Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Microsoft teams up with Musk's $1 bn OpenAI project technology and in the news Sartaj Aziz to visit India, hints at easing of hostility Tajamul Islam: Eight year old Kashmiri girl-an inspiration to many Sushma Swaraj in AIIMS for kidney failure, wishes and prayers pour on Twitter Demonetisation effect: Kolkata man jailed for not giving alimony to wife in legal tender Demonetisation woes: Gaya temple offers free “pind daan” Life in the White House bubble? Donald Trump had practice  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Music Art & Theatre Wellness Travel Pics Video And More Breaking News » Entertainment News » Movies Grossing Rs 50 crore, Salman Khan's 'Sultan' television premiere sets record Last Updated: Sunday, October 16, 2016 - 11:29 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Zee Media Bureau Follow @ZeeNews Mumbai: Sony Max, the Hindi movie channel from Sony Pictures Networks India (SPN), has made history of sorts by grossing Rs 50 crore in ad revenue from television premiere of the Salman Khan-starrer "Sultan". The Yash Raj Films-produced movie, released on July 6, has already raked in Rs 585 crore in worldwide box office collection (Rs 421 crore from the domestic market alone) and the channel claims this is the highest television premiere collection for the company ever. The movie was premiered last night and the inventory was sold out days ahead of the show-time. "It is one of the biggest blockbusters and it has been the biggest movie for us in terms of revenue. It is the highest grossing movie revenue which we have got, but we can't disclose the revenue," SPN President (Sales and International Business) Rohit Gupta told PTI in Mumbai. However, according to sources, SPN has garnered Rs 50 crore from the premiere. Gupta also declined to divulge the deal size for the movie rights but according to media reports, SPN acquired the satellite rights for Rs 61 crore for five years. The broadcaster had sold all the inventory well before airing the movie last night. The ad rates were Rs 10 lakh for 10 seconds for standard definition channel Sony Max and Rs 2 lakh per 10 seconds for the HD channel Sony Max HD. Chinese handset maker Oppo and Reliance Jio were the co-presenters, while FMCG major Hindustan Unilever and auto major Mahindra were the co-sponsors. Bajaj Auto, Colgate, Mondelez, Reckitt Benckiser and Samsung Electronics came on board as the associate sponsors, while Apple, eBay India, Ford India, Google India, Huawei Tele, Intel, Intex Technologies, Lenovo, L'oreal, Pernod Ricard, Raymond and Vivo Mobiles were the spot buyers. Neeraj Vyas, business head for Hindi movies and music cluster at SPN, acknowledged that it is the highest SPN has ever done in the history of any film being premiered on the network in terms of revenue. He added that it had hiked rates by 20 per cent since the last major television premiere of "Bahubali". "We've had an increase in ad rates, which is why the numbers have gone up to what they have. It was 20 per cent higher over the previous large movie premiere that we had sold last year around the same time for Bahubali," Vyas said, adding this was the first time a movie was premiered simultaneously on Sony Max and Sony Max HD. He further said "Sultan" will have at least two or three runs on Sony Max before being aired on the network's another channel Sony Waah. PTI First Published: Sunday, October 16, 2016 - 10:34 More from zeenews   India Sushma Swaraj in AIIMS, undergoing treatment for kidney failure, seeks divine blessings Rahul Gandhi granted bail by Bhiwandi court in RSS defamation case, attacks PM Modi on demonetisation Our Muslims must raise issues of violations on Hindus in Pakistan, Bangladesh: Ghulam Nabi Azad More from India World South Korea prosecutors quiz former vice sports minister Choi Soon-Sil Philippines' Duterte says trusts Donlad Trump to be fair on immigration `Donald Trump was born in Pakistan as Dawood Ibrahim Khan` – Watch this video More from World Sports WATCH: Is this the greatest catch ever in IPL history? WATCH: Lionel Messi's stunning free-kick goal against Colombia in World Cup 2018 qualification match WATCH: Millions cried as Sachin Tendulkar retired from Tests on this day at Wankhede More from Sports Entertainment Ranveer Singh in talks with Salman Khan’s blockbuster director Kabir Khan? Karan Johar to launch THIS star kid in Hindi remake of Marathi blockbuster ‘Sairat’ Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor Khan bumped into each other recently – Know what happened next More from Entertaiment Health New superparamagnetic crystals to manage future drug delivery Nerve growth protein controls blood sugar, says study Smell test may help identify people at Alzheimer's risk More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This Section Latest 'Raees'-'Kaabil' clash: No effect on friendship with Shah Rukh Khan, says Hrithik Roshan Sonam Kapoor to be honoured at Asia Vision Movie Awards Saif Ali Khan wants ‘traditional old school name’ for baby, says Kareena Kapoor Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif to go on a Koffee date? Yuvraj Singh – Hazel Keech wedding: Couple to marry TWICE! 'Raees'-'Kaabil' clash: No effect on friendship with Shah Rukh Khan, says Hrithik Roshan Ranveer Singh in talks with Salman Khan’s blockbuster director Kabir Khan? Karan Johar to launch THIS star kid in Hindi remake of Marathi blockbuster ‘Sairat’ Ranveer Singh doesn’t want to become part two of anyone! Matt Damon has cameo in 'Ocean's Eight' Related News Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif to go on a Koffee date? Ranveer Singh in talks with Salman Khan’s blockbuster director Kabir Khan? Bigg Boss 10: Major fight between Manveer Gurjar, Rohan Mehra during luxury budget task Shah Rukh Khan in Salman Khan's 'Tubelight'? Here's what Kabir Khan has to say Bigg Boss 10: Hina Khan of 'Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai' NOT a wild card entry! TAGS Salman Khan Sultan sultan tv premiere Yash Raj Films sultan collections sultan box office Photo Gallery Dia Mirza@Instagram; Sana Khan@Instagram; Neha Sharma@Instagram Fantasizing about @Lisaraniray is the best antidote to everything; Alia Bhatt during the launch of Filmfare Glamour and Style Cover Twitter@IChitrangda; Kajol arrives for the inauguration of Kolkata International Film Festival Bipasha Basu@Instagram; Sanjeeda Sheikh@Instagram Top Videos Winter Session of Parliament 2016 begins today Govt bans Zakir Naik's Islamic Research Foundation under UAPA act Athens: Greek police clash with demonstrators protesting Obama's visit How politics over demonetisation is impacting the common people Review Chaar Sahibzaade: Rise of Banda Singh Bahadur movie review — Superior animation uplifts historical saga Rock On 2 movie review: Shraddha Kapoor, Farhan Akhtar unravel their Magikal music journey contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
null
null
skip - District M header bidder Haifa’s middle class is finally coming down from the mountain - Real Estate - Haaretz.com skip - optimizely- HDC skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - תגיות codefuel skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Wednesday, November 16, 2016. Cheshvan 15, 5777 Time in Israel: 9:26 AM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion World News Middle East News U.S. Election 2016 Jewish World All sections Israel News Culture Business Science Sports Videos Travel in Israel Middle East News World News U.S. Election 2016 Jewish Holidays Food Archaeology Books Opinion London Conference E-paper Shabbat Times Weather Israel Real Estate ESSENCE Edition française Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business   >   Real Estate Haifa’s Middle Class Is Finally Coming Down From the Mountain The more well-to-do areas of Haifa have traditionally been near the top  of Mt. Carmel, but Neot Peres has brought them down to the shoreline. Nimrod Bousso Oct 17, 2016 12:54 PM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon Looking up at Mt. Carmel from the Bahai Center.Eyal Toueg Just why are Israeli homes so badly designed? Construction finance banker doubtful that home prices will fall Elderly housing in Israel: No country for old men (or old women) A mound of construction refuse left over from the excavation of the Carmel Tunnels greeted participants of an Israel Lands Authority contractors’ tour in January 2013, at a site at the foot of the Carmel Mountains. At the time, the site was called Haifa - the Western Approaches. The developed area of the city was mostly far away, but for the skeleton of a new municipal stadium. More than a few participants wondered whether they were wasting their time. Everyone in Haifa knows that the residents of the top of Mt. Carmel are in no hurry to leave, and that the only reason for a downhill trip is to visit the Hadar Quarter, only about halfway down the mountain. These people aren’t known to like flatlands and even the contractors who ultimately submitted proposals to buy land at the Western Approaches site did so cautiously. The bids were strikingly low. The assumption was that the location would yield prices of an affordable 800,000 to 1 million shekels ($210,000 to $270,000) per home. Three and a half years later, prices have soared by about 50%, and it is hard for anyone to remember the low expectations when the project was launched. Defying tradition, middle class Haifa residents jumped at the opportunity and were not put off when the prices began to climb. The buyers included local celebrities such as Itamar Chizik, CEO of the Maccabi Haifa soccer team, and former player turned commentator Eyal Berkovic. When the late Shimon Peres stepped down as Israel’s president, the Haifa Municipality decided to name the neighborhood after him, calling it Neot Peres. Yaki Amsalem, CEO of Almog CDAI Limited, says he detected interest in the site the summer of 2013 even before sales got underway. The company had intended to offer only 100 of the 288 apartments it had built for advance sale, but within 10 days these units were all sold, and the entire inventory was sold in less than two months. Neot Peres under construction.Eyal Toueg Prices settling down Real estate sources say things settled down more recently as prices hit the  1.3 million to 1.4 million shekel range for four-room apartments, and the starting price for five-room apartments climbed to 1.6 million shekels. About 80% of the homes in the neighborhood had been sold as of late August. The initial target population was young couples buying a first home, but the neighborhood has also become a magnet for investors, who Amsalem says account for about a third of buyers, though about a third of these have ended up moving into the neighborhood. Yossi Avrahami, who is building about 400 housing units in the neighborhood, says it has also become popular with families downsizing as their adult children leave home. “Downsizers from the Carmel, including private home owners in Denya [an upscale neighborhood on the top of the Carmel], are selling their house to move closer to the sea,” he remarks. He sold 320 units as of late August. “There was a real hunger for a big, new neighborhood in the city, and that explains the pace of sales there,” says Varda Libman, director of Haifa’s planning department. Libman says it has been decades since such a large number of homes went on the market in Haifa all at once. “Most of the new neighborhoods in the city have been planned on privately owned land with a large number of owners, and we have had no control there over the pace of the work. It’s generally small contractors building a few units on such land. In that respect, the new neighborhood was big news for the city,” she says, All told, Neot Peres will feature about 1,700 apartments in buildings ranging from seven to 17 stories high. The first residents took possession of the first 144 apartments, developed by CDAI Almog, in April and about 300 more units will have been occupied by around the end of this month. Shectmann & Company is developing another 200 units and the Ashtrom Group, 268 units, of which 142 are designated for long-term rentals. “We instructed the Israel Lands Authority to market to as many as developers as possible, so there would be competition and construction would proceed quickly,” Libman says. “We had had a bad experience with the Ramat Hanasi neighborhood, where the number of apartments is similar but the land was owned by one developer who built one at a time taking breaks in between. When there’s competition, the contractors rush forward and you can see it in the pace of progress of construction.” Neot Peres is seen as a harbinger of a massive construction wave expected to change Haifa’s landscape from Freud Road in the northwest to the southern suburb of Tirat Hacarmel. The entire foot of Carmel slope is expected to be developed at an unprecedented scope. Some 14,000 housing units are planned. More building planned “There’s a plan to build 770 housing units on the slope of the mountain – adjoining Neot Peres from the east – and it has already been approved, and the land will be marketed to developers in the coming months,” says Libman. “A more significant, larger plan, for the construction of another 4,400 housing units to the south of Neot Peres was submitted to the district planning and building committee, which will consider it for public comment in the coming months,” she adds. In addition to being the first new neighborhood in Haifa in decades, the location of Neot Peres is more attractive than it seems at a glance. Although it’s a bit isolated, it is close to Matam, Haifa’s high-tech center, where 10,000 people work in research and development centers run by Intel, Elbit Systems, Google, Microsoft and Apple. Plans are now being made to expand the high-tech office park. Also nearby are the Haifa Mall and the Castra shopping mall, a portion of which is expected to be converted into small hotel, city officials say. The huge Sammy Ofer municipal soccer stadium adjoins Neot Peres from the west. Some worry that the stadium will bring noise, crowds and traffic to the area, but, Libman says, the municipality doesn’t foresee any particular problems. “We have created a buffer with a public area between the neighborhood and the stadium, where kindergartens and schools will be located, so there are several hundred meters separating the stadium from the closest homes.” Traffic will be diverted On days in which there are soccer games, spectator traffic will be diverted to a separate route, away from the neighborhood, she says. From the standpoint of public transportation, the neighborhood is well-located. It is close to Route 2, which runs to Tel Aviv, and to Route 4, which provides easy access to the center of the country. There is also easy access to the Carmel Tunnels, which serve the metropolitan Haifa area. In the future, the east of Neot Peres will be linked to the neighborhoods on the slopes of the Carmel Mountain and southward to the neighborhoods slated to extend toward Tirat Hacarmel. The neighborhood is also near the Hof Hacarmel bus station, one of the city’s largest, and a train station. People buying homes in Neot Peres may have reason to be concerned about the lack of community institutions and public spaces at the moment. Although residents are already moving in, construction of schools and kindergartens is just in its initial stages. Basics like playgrounds and even good sidewalks are not in place. The place feels more like a construction site than a community. By the end of the year, however, about 500 apartments will be occupied, which should bring hundreds of children into the neighborhood. In August the Haifa Municipality promised that six kindergartens would be opened in Neot Peres next year and an elementary school now under construction is scheduled to open in September 2018. Until they open, neighborhood children will be placed at nearby schools, the municipality says, with 95% of infrastructure work so far running ahead of the schedule. Sidewalks and open public areas are scheduled for completion by July 2017. Nimrod Bousso Haaretz Contributor Nimrod Bousso Send me email alerts for new articles by Nimrod Bousso Send Close Email * Please enter your email Nimrod Bousso For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close NEW! Send me email alerts for new articles by Nimrod Bousso Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Most Viewed Now Ex-official's Arrest Could Reveal Jumble of Israeli Interests in Gas, Money and Weapons Trump Effect Jewish and Muslim Organizations Form New Alliance A Closer Look at Trump's Jewish Inner Circle No One Dared Dive Swimmers Cross Dead Sea for First Time, Carefully Israel real estate Israeli Café Tells Employees to Stop Speaking Arabic at Work By Jack Khouryyesterday This is a primium article 1 comments 1 Bannon's Appointment Is a Moment of Truth for U.S. Jews By Allison Kaplan Sommer20 hours ago This is a primium article 7 comments 7 Bannon Pick - The Stuff of Which Jewish Nightmares Are Made By Chemi Shalev (Washington)20 hours ago This is a primium article 1 comments 1 Day After Putin-Trump Phone Call, Russia Launches Major Syria Offensive From Aircraft Carrier By The Associated Press15 hours ago This article contains a video Israel's Drone Gift to Medvedev Could Lead to Trouble With U.S. - and Russia By Ora Coren18 hours ago This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Russian Fighter Jet Crashes Off Aircraft Carrier Near Syria By Reuters19 hours ago This article contains a video Promoted content Security & Aviation Israeli Minister Exposes Secret 'Life-threatening Security Affair'; Immediately Gagged What Can Russia's Kuznetsov Carrier Do in the Mediterranean? Russia Just Restricted the Strongest Air Force in Mideast IDF's Most Iconic Tale of Heroism - Debunked This Day in Jewish History This Day in Jewish History 1953: Rabbi Taps Frank Lloyd Wright, Who Builds the Weirdest Synagogue in the U.S. By David B. Green2 hours ago skip - Subscribe element Get our top Business and Finance stories directly to your inbox – every week. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Today's Most Read Trump Effect: Jewish and Muslim Organizations Form New Alliance Analysis Steve Bannon's Appointment Is a Moment of Truth for U.S. Jews Meet the Kushners: The Feuding Real Estate Dynasty That Links Donald Trump and Chris Christie Bannon a 'Passionate Zionist and Supporter of Israel,' Says Top Jewish Trump Donor A Closer Look at Trump's Jewish Inner Circle Swimmers Cross Dead Sea for First Time, Carefully skip - ICYMI Scroll back Jewish and Muslim Organizations Form New Alliance Greatest Victory for anti-Semitism in America Since 1941 Bannon's Appointment Is a Moment of Truth for U.S. Jews The Extraordinary Israeli Story Behind 'Lover, Lover, Lover' How Trump Won, Scared the Jews and Saved Israel What Can Russia's Old Smoky Carrier Do in the Med? I Still Love America. But, After Trump's Victory, I Don’t Trust It Israel Hit With a Wave of Tourists From Georgia Applying for Asylum Ultra-Orthodox Face Dark Facts About Holocaust Legends The 'Global Conspiracy' to Topple Netanyahu Thanks to Trump, We Can Understand How Hitler Was Possible A Former Spy Chief Is Calling on Israelis to Revolt Russia Restricted the Strongest Air Force in Mideast Liberal Zionists, We Lost the Kids 'Can't Count on Men for Peace. We Have to Do It Ourselves' Ancient Jerusalem Wall Reveals Second Temple's Destruction Breathe, Less: Israeli Researchers Find Solution to Jet Lag As Prostitution Goes Online, the Internet Becomes New Pimp What Really Shocks Backpackers Visiting the Holy Land 'Major Nazi Treasure' Found on a Bench in Tel Aviv Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Israel Real Estate Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Mira Sucharov Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ חדשות גלריה מתכונים למרקים ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip -

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: My 2 Top Big-Brand Stocks: Disney and AT&T Disney and AT&T’s well-known brands are supported by solid top- and bottom-line growth. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 15, 2016 at 11:42AM "Big brand" companies are appealing long-term investments because they have well-established brands, robust cash flow, and wide competitive moats. That's why these stocks usually rebound from nasty bear markets, while lesser-known brands with weaker cash flows wither. I personally own several big brand stocks, and today I'll discuss two of my favorite long-term plays: Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) and AT&T (NYSE:T). Walt Disney Disney is best known for its theme parks and cartoons, but its sprawling media empire also includes Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm, ABC, ESPN, and the Disney Channels. Disney's theme park and movie businesses are posting robust growth, but cord-cutting has hurt is cable subscriber numbers in recent years. Those fears caused Disney to slump 14% over the past 12 months, but it remains up about 190% over the past five years. Image source: Pixabay. Disney is trying to allay fears about its media business, which generated almost half its operating income in the first nine months of 2016, with new investments and partnerships. It recently acquired a 33% stake in Major League Baseball's BAMTech streaming unit to serve as the foundation for a new stand-alone over-the-top platform for ESPN, and announced that AT&T will bundle its main cable channels into its DIRECTV Now packages. Many streaming-only "skinny bundles," which include a smaller set of channels at lower prices, also include Disney's cable channels. Disney still has plenty of ways to diversify away from cable TV. Its future growth in theme parks, supported by the recent opening of Shanghai Disney Resort and the upcoming opening of Star Wars Land at its domestic theme parks, could offset softness in its media business. Its film business, which is firing on all cylinders with "cinematic universes" for its Marvel and Star Wars characters, is built to provide reliable box office returns for years. Analysts expect the House of Mouse's revenue to grow 7% this year and 4% next year, while earnings are expected to improve 12% this year and 5% next year. Those forecasts reflect concerns about Disney's cable business, but the stock remains fairly cheap at 16 times earnings, which is lower than the industry average of 19 for diversified entertainment companies. AT&T Telecom giant AT&T has hiked its payout annually for over three decades. It currently pays a forward yield of 4.9%, and spent 67% of its free cash flow on dividends over the past 12 months. In previous years, AT&T was a slow-growth stock with a price which barely budged. Yet the stock rallied almost 20% over the past 12 months due to two main factors. First, low interest rates caused many investors to flock to high-yielding dividend stocks like AT&T. Second, AT&T's $49 billion acquisition of DIRECTV turned it into the biggest pay TV provider in America and boosted its free cash flow 60% to $15.9 billion last year. AT&T's FCF has continued to grow this year, with 17% year-over-year growth in the first quarter and 8% growth in the second. Image source: AT&T. AT&T also sold a large portion of its slower-growth wireline services to Frontier Communications to invest more heavily in its higher-growth wireless business. To simultaneously grow DIRECTV and its wireless business, AT&T started offering wireless users unlimited data plans if they signed up for DIRECTV. It also launched streaming DIRECTV video bundles for its mobile users. AT&T is also expanding beyond mobile devices by selling wireless plans for smart homes, drones, and connected cars. It partnered with Intel to develop autonomous 4G drones, and is working with Ford to connect "at least" 10 million cars within the next five years. Analysts expect AT&T's revenue to rise 12% this year and 2% next year. Earnings are expected to grow 5% this year and 6% next year. Its top-line slowdown could be caused by the saturation of the wireless market amid rising competition from smaller rivals like T-Mobile, which recently launched unlimited data, talk, and text plans for all its customers. Nonetheless, AT&T remains a solid dividend stock with a P/E of 17 -- much lower than the industry average of 25 for domestic telcos. Are these big-brand stocks right for you? I originally bought Disney and AT&T at lower prices, but I wouldn't hesitate to add more shares of both companies today. Disney's year-long swoon has cooled off its multiples to more attractive levels, and AT&T's 4.9% yield remains one of the safest income investments in the market today. Leo Sun owns shares of AT&T, Ford, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ford and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and T-Mobile US. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 11:42AM Technology and Telecom Stocks AT and T NYSE:T $36.77 up $0.64 (1.77%) T-Mobile US NASDAQ:TMUS $53.46 up $0.54 (1.02%) Walt Disney NYSE:DIS $97.70 down $0.22 (-0.22%) Ford NYSE:F $12.04 down $0.02 (-0.17%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Frontier Communications NASDAQ:FTR $3.30 up $0.06 (1.85%) Read More How Will Unlimited Data Plans Impact Verizon and AT&T? 5 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Watch 3 Top Telecom Stocks You Can Buy Today AT&T Drops Its Controversial Extra Charge for Privacy My 3 Biggest Stock Holdings Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Tuesday November 15 2016 6:41 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks inch higher as banks rise, drugmakers fall October 15, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — U.S. stocks gave up large gains and finished barely higher Friday. Banks and technology companies traded higher, while stocks that pay large dividends fell thanks to a jump in bond yields. Stocks were on track for large gains early in the day as reports showed consumers in both the U.S. and China appeared to be spending more. Banks rose after JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup disclosed solid quarterly results. But the gains faded as the day wore on. Drug company stocks continued to fall and energy companies slipped. “The retail sales numbers on the surface looked pretty good but when you dig into them they were not that great,” said Mike Baele, managing director at U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “It seems like every good report we get, we get an offsetting weaker report.” The Dow Jones industrial average, which had jumped as much as 162 points in the morning, finished up 39.44 points, or 0.2 percent, at 18,138.38. The Standard & Poor’s 500 inched up 0.43 points to 2,132.98. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.83 points to 5,214.16. Goldman Sachs was responsible for most of the Dow’s gains. It rose $3.10, or 1.9 percent, to $170.52 after Britain’s High Court threw out a $1 billion lawsuit against the company. Libya’s sovereign wealth fund had accused Goldman Sachs of duping the fund into making risky deals. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.80 percent from 1.75 percent. Higher bond yields also help banks because they lead to higher interest rates on loans, and that allows banks to make bigger profits from lending. JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup reported results were better than investors expected. The reports may have raised investor hopes for companies that will report their results next week, like Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, and BlackRock. “It was a good kickoff to earnings season” for banks, said Baele. “It was actually some decent revenue as well with both investment banking and trading.” Rising bond yields attracted investors’ attention, and they sold utilities, real estate investment trusts, and other stocks that pay large dividends as a result. Those payments are more appealing to investors seeking income when bond yields are low. PG&E Corp. fell 57 cents to $59.80 and Duke Energy slid 73 cents to $77.21. The Commerce Department said retail sales bounced back in September as spending on restaurants, cars and gas improved. The agency also said business stockpiles and sales grew in August, which is a sign that economic growth could get stronger. Reports suggested consumers in China are starting to spend more, which helped technology companies recover some of Thursday’s losses. Microsoft climbed 50 cents to $57.42 while Intel rose 48 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $37.45 and Apple picked up 68 cents to $117.66. While retail spending rose, the Commerce Department’s report also showed that spending at department stores decreased in September as consumers continued to do more of their shopping online. Kohl’s lost $1.44, or 3.2 percent, to $43.68 and Macy’s fell $1.23, or 3.3 percent, to $35.57. Computer and printer maker HP said it will cut between 3,000 and 4,000 jobs over the next three years as demand for those products continues to fall. HP stock lost 67 cents, or 4.4 percent, to $14.48. Twitter fell 91 cents, or 5.1 percent, to $16.88 after Salesforce.com told the Financial Times it isn’t interested in buying the company. Twitter has lost 32 percent of its value since Oct. 5 on reports that potential buyers were not going to make offers. Salesforce investors were not enthusiastic about the potential offer, and its stock jumped $3.64, or 5.2 percent, to $74.27. U.S. crude oil gave up 9 cents to $50.35 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 8 cents to $51.95 a barrel in London. That sent energy companies lower. Health care stocks, which are by far the worst-performing industry on the S&P 500 this year, continued to slip. EpiPen maker Mylan lost $1.39, or 3.7 percent, and closed at a three-year low of $36.49. Cancer drug maker Celgene sank $2.13, or 2.1 percent, to $98.50. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 1 cent to $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas slumped 6 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $3.29 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold fell $2.10 to $1,255.50 an ounce. Silver lost 2 cents to $17.44 an ounce. Copper slipped 1 cent to $2.11 a pound. The dollar rose to 104.18 yen from 103.60 yen. The euro rose to $1.0983 from $1.1053. France’s CAC 40 jumped 1.5 percent and Germany’s DAX rose 1.6 percent. In Britain the FTSE 100 advanced 0.5 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.5 percent and South Korea’s Kospi advanced 0.4 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 0.9 percent. Thailand’s SET index climbed 4.7 percent in the second day of trading after the death of Thailand’s king. The SET fell 4 percent in September as investors worried about the monarch’s health and even with the rally Friday the index fell 1.8 percent this week. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, cents, stocks, banks, companies, yields, Other stories from today: After the scandal, Wells Fargo’s damage becomes apparent Yellen: Slow recovery from Recession confounds economists’ expectations Young black doctor says Delta attendant refused her help     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   In six months, the economy will be ... Much better Better The same Worse Much worse                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County obituaries  
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Home Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion Microsoft Surface Pro 5 News and Updates: Rumored Price Tag and Conflicting Release Dates By Christian Ver Marcelo Oct 14, 2016 | 11:35 PM The Microsoft Surface Pro 5 has been one of the most anticipated devices of the year. The hybrid device has been the subject of many reports, with its rumored specs and release date. When Will the Device Be Launched? The excitement over the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 has been at an all-time high due to rumors suggesting that it may be released sooner than expected. As the tech giant is set to hold an event later this month, there have been reports saying that the hybrid tablet will be unveiled there as well, along with other next generation devices. If these were true, then fans of the device may finally get to see the Surface Pro 5 as early as the 26th of October. This is a highly optimistic prediction though, as some experts believe that the Surface Pro 5 may not be launched until the middle of 2017. This is due to the fact that some hardware acquisitions to be integrated in the tablet will officially be released by next year. There are also reports saying that the Microsoft event later this month will be showcasing the company's latest operating system updates, and not their upcoming hardware. Yes, I want Breaking Christian News Submit Possible Price Tag One of the reports even put the release date of the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 to as early as spring in 2017. It has also indicated that the fifth iteration of the beloved hybrid tablet may tout a similar or even a slightly higher price tag in comparison to its predecessor. If the tech company actually pulls off this pricing bracket, then the Surface Pro 5 would definitely be a steal given its advanced specs and features. The report has predicted that the Surface Pro 5 will start at $899. Similarly, this is the current price tag of the lowest model of the Surface Pro 4. The configuration comes with an Intel Core m3 processor, 4GB of RAM, and 128GB of internal storage. If compared with the rumored specs of the Surface Pro 5, then the upcoming device will definitely be leaps ahead of its predecessor. Rumored Specs The Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is rumored to be equipped with the next generation Intel Kaby Lake processor. This is the main reason behind the delay reports as the chipsets are bound to be released next year. This will then be paired with Microsoft's very own Windows 10 Redstone operating system. The software and hardware optimization will ensure a smooth overall performance for the users. There would be at least 6GB of RAM and 128GB of internal storage for the base model. A USB Type-C port would also be available, along with a headphone jack. Per usual, it will natively support the Surface Pen and a peripheral keyboard. Most Popular Stories Assyrian Christians Congratulate Trump; Urge Protection from Genocide ISIS Taking Newborn Babies, Virgin Girls; on Rampage to Annihilate Christians, Says Catholic Priest A Roman Catholic priest who has been helping Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities facing genocide in Iraq and Syria said Islamic State militants separate families who live in terrorist occupied land by taking newborn babies and virgin girls while killing fathers and forcing young boys to plant bombs on the streets. Who is Reince Priebus? 5 Things You Should Know President-elect Donald Trump announced Sunday that Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus will be his White House chief of staff. Pastor, Mother and Daughter With 'Angelic' Voice Killed in Crash After Band Competition An Indiana pastor, his mother and one of his daughters were all killed in a tragic accident Sunday morning just hours after his daughter and her high school teammates had performed at a national band competition. Here's What President Donald Trump's Cabinet Might Look Like President-elect Donald Trump is in the process of deciding who will serve in his new administration, and the list of possible picks includes both well-known and lesser-known figures. Christian Entertainers Speak Out Against Evangelicals for Supporting Trump Presidency Evangelical Christians proved to be a driving force behind Donald Trump winning the 2016 presidential election, but some high-profile Christian entertainers have voiced their disagreement with fellow believers who supported the candidate. Terms of Service Privacy Full Site © 2016 The Christian Post Company Swipe to read previous / next sections. Don't show this again! Got it!
Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 / Tehran - 10:59 / GMT - 07:29 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories World Sat Oct 15, 2016 10:11 Russia Refutes Media Claims about Death of Russian Military Personnel in Syria Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- The Russian Defense Ministry denied the claims made by some media outlets about the death of Russian military personnel in Syria. In a statement issued on Friday, the Ministry said that these claims are baseless and are mere propaganda and misdirection, asserting that all Russian military personnel deployed in Syria are alive and well and carrying out their duties. Foreign social media networks claimed earlier that six Russian military personnel were killed in Hama province.         Related News Syria in Last 24 Hours: Terrorists Sustain Heavy Losses in Army Offensive in Deir Ezzur Province  LATEST STORIES (12) Syria: Terrorists in Homs, Idlib Surprised by Russian Navy Operation Syria in Last 24 Hours: Army, Air Force Inflict Heavy Losses on Terrorists in Northern Hama American Students Join Anti-Trump Protests across US Eleven Killed, Wounded in Terrorists' Rocket Attack in Western Damascus Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas Syrian Army Discovers Terrorists' 700-Meter-Long Tunnel in Khan Al-Sheih Connecting Damascus to Quneitra Protests, Students Walkouts Mark Week after Trump's Win Yemen Water Crisis Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Operations against ISIL Terrorists West of Mosul Iraqi Forces Take Back Ancient City of Nimrud from ISIL Iraqi Popular Forces Safeguarding Peace in Newly Gained Territories near Mosul Police Violence during Anti-Trump Protests Iran and US: A Tale of Two Elections Supermoon in Iran's Sky Iran Eyeing NITC Listing in Int'l Stock Markets Syria: Terrorists in Homs, Idlib Surprised by Russian Navy Operation TEHRAN (FNA)- Terrorists in the provinces of Homs and Idlib were taken by surprise when their positions came under heavy attack by the Russian Navy deployed in Syria's waters. Syria in Last 24 Hours: Army, Air Force Inflict Heavy Losses on Terrorists in Northern Hama TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army backed by the country's air force hit hard the terrorists' military positions and hardware in the Northern part of Hama province. American Students Join Anti-Trump Protests across US TEHRAN (FNA)- Protesters were not slowing down six days after Donald Trump's election, many of them high school students leaving class by the hundreds to carry signs and flags on the streets of several US cities. [VIDEO] Eleven Killed, Wounded in Terrorists' Rocket Attack in Western Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- Terrorists' rocket fire killed at least two and wounded 9 others in Al-Sumeria region in Western Damascus [PHOTOS] Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas TEHRAN (FNA)- Russian military personnel searched a chemical weapons workshop in the ‘1070 District’ of Southwest Aleppo on Monday. The Russian Defense Ministry said that the samples prove that militants used chlorine gas in their attacks. [VIDEO] Syrian Army Discovers Terrorists' 700-Meter-Long Tunnel in Khan Al-Sheih Connecting Damascus to Quneitra TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army troops discovered terrorists' 700-meter-long tunnel in Khan al-Sheih that has been used by the militants for transferring fighters and military supplies between Damascus and Quneitra provinces. [VIDEO] Protests, Students Walkouts Mark Week after Trump's Win TEHRAN (FNA)- Every day in the week since Donald Trump pulled off a stunning presidential election victory, protests have broken out across the country with demonstrators chanting, "Not my president" and "Love Trumps hate." [PHOTOS] Yemen Water Crisis TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi war in Yemen, which has claimed more than 12,000 lives, has caused a serious humanitarian crisis in a country that is already threatened by severe water scarcity. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Operations against ISIL Terrorists West of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi volunteer forces in a statement announced that Hashd al-Shaabi continued its advances further on the second day of the third phase of the military operations in areas to the West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Iraqi Forces Take Back Ancient City of Nimrud from ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's joint military forces took back the city of Nimrud in Northern Iraq from ISIL, but the terrorist group has ransacked and bulldozed many of its centuries-old archaeological sites. [VIDEO] Iraqi Popular Forces Safeguarding Peace in Newly Gained Territories near Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular forces are protecting the recently liberated villages and their people in Mosul region from possible attack by ISIL terrorists as they are also preparing for upcoming battles to purge ISIL from Iraq. [PHOTOS] Police Violence during Anti-Trump Protests TEHRAN (FNA)- Violence has broken out at anti-Trump rallies across America overnight as tens of thousands marched against the President-elect. [CARTOON] Iran and US: A Tale of Two Elections TEHRAN (FNA)- When media outlets in the West give their opinion, they are liberal. When media outlets in other parts of the world give their opinion, they are lackeys. Supermoon in Iran's Sky TEHRAN (FNA)- On Monday night, the moon was 30,000km closer to the Earth, offering an impressive spectacle to skygazers. [PHOTOS] Iran Eyeing NITC Listing in Int'l Stock Markets TEHRAN (FNA)- Managing Director of the National Iranian Tanker Company Sirous Kian-Ersi announced that his company is planning to enlist the NITC in the international bourse market. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2016 ©
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Woody Paige: Fans tuning out to NFL's greedy sham that is 'Thursday Night Football' Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Hickenlooper touts 'Modem Millie' to promote cyber safety Hailstorm, housing construction push Colorado Springs sales tax to another big month Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight First public recovery room for athletes opens in Colorado Springs Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal' Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Child Safety Group Releases Unsafe Toys List Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Education Colorado Springs school warns of "resurgence" of racial and ethnic slurs Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 8:51 PM 0 "Mind your Ps and Qs" is the message students at two Colorado Springs schools are getting from principals on two different topics, in response to... Broncos bring out the Lombardis to boost Memorial Hospital rehab patients' spirits Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 6:21 PM 0 Eighty-year-old Vera Hammons didn't expect she would need her pompoms while recovering from a broken hip at Memorial Hospital Central. But when the Denver Broncos'... News: Local News Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 6:29 PM 0 DENVER — Denver has approved a first-in-the-nation law allowing people to use marijuana in bars and restaurants. Denver voters weighed in on Proposition... Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum receives largest gift in its history Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 4:41 PM 0 An anonymous donor just made Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum history. The philanthropist... Colorado Springs protesters show solidarity for opponents of Dakota pipeline Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 10:21 PM 0 The protesters’ signs included phrases like “Water is life” and “People over pipelines,” and the... Latest Local Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime By: CATHY BUSSEWITZ and COLLEEN SLEVIN, Associated Press - 2 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development By: Matt Steiner - 3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost By: Matt Steiner - 3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House By: John Frank and Brian Eason, The Denver Post - 4 hr ago Colorado Springs motorists will see lower gas prices as they hit the road for Thanksgiving By: Rich Laden - 6 hr ago Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase By: Debbie Kelley - 6 hr ago Top Stories The Latest: Trump goes out for dinner without press in tow 2 hr ago Child safety group releases annual list of unsafe toys By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence By: KEN THOMAS and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 4 hr ago David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf By: David Ramsey - 4 hr ago Gazette Preps: High school sports signing day list for fall 2016 By: Scott Kaniewski - 4 hr ago Woody Paige: Fans tuning out to NFL's greedy sham that is 'Thursday Night Football' By: Woody Paige - 5 hr ago 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained 6 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back Top ways to celebrate winter in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 15 fascinating presidential facts you probably don't know Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 2 hr ago Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime 3 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development 3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost 3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program 4 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House 6 hr ago Colorado Springs motorists will see lower gas prices as they hit the road for Thanksgiving 6 hr ago Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase Most Read New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption ‘Ape in heels’: W.Va. officials under fire after comments about Michelle Obama Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries David Ramsey: Soccer great Mia Hamm asks sports parents to stop being so childish Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum receives largest gift in its history Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program 4 anchors of the fast-growing hub in north Colorado Springs Colorado Springs hits record high Colorado Springs school warns of "resurgence" of racial and ethnic slurs Sports 1 hr ago Individual performances stand out as Air Force rolls past NAIA foe 105-62 2 hr ago Varlamov stops 32 shots as Avalanche beat Kings 3 hr ago Two NHL draft prospects among CC signees so far 4 hr ago David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf 4 hr ago John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor 4 hr ago Air Force sweating the small things when it comes to facing diminutive running backs 5 hr ago Senior-laden defense helps Lewis-Palmer to 3A quarterfinals Business 12 min ago Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan 20 min ago The Latest: San Francisco votes to cap short-term rentals 52 min ago 'Super Size Me' filmmaker brings restaurant idea to Columbus 2 hr ago Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street 3 hr ago Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash 4 hr ago Sikh truckers reach settlement in faith discrimination case 4 hr ago No price tag, end date for FAA's air traffic control plan Opinion 7 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug Lamborn 8 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Time to rethink our basic political ideas 10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Trump to 'make things better' 11 hr ago LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S. 16 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans Mon, Nov 14, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future Mon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religion Elections 13 hr ago Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts 15 hr ago Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results 16 hr ago 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Sun, Nov 13, 2016 Weighing the potential of a Trump presidency from a military point of view Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Donald Trump on '60 Minutes': Hillary Clinton 'couldn't have been nicer' Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Safety pin campaign signals post-election support for minorities Around the Web 2 hr ago That's no house cat: Nevada police find 3 tigers in backyard 7 hr ago A plane full of people just flew cross country on wood-based fuel made by a Colorado company 8 hr ago Japan rubber-mask makers happy to face a Trump presidency 8 hr ago Bush family announces adoption of rescue puppy named Freddy 9 hr ago 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basement 12 hr ago Marijuana cocktails could soon become a thing thanks to Election Night victories 13 hr ago Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Latest Videos Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Child Safety Group Releases Unsafe Toys List Pikes Peak region forecast Utah High School Teen Stabs Five Students Spreading Broncos Cheer in Colorado Springs Raw: Demand for Trump Masks Surges Pet Owners Turn to Needles to Help Injured Pets Group Tries To Swim Across The Dead Sea Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Priebus Tapped as White House Chief of Staff Raw: Anniversary of Attacks Marked Across Paris Sports Latest Sports Individual performances stand out as Air Force rolls past NAIA foe 105-621 hr ago Varlamov stops 32 shots as Avalanche beat Kings2 hr ago Two NHL draft prospects among CC signees so far3 hr ago Air Force sweating the small things when it comes to facing diminutive running backs4 hr ago Broncos David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf4 hr ago John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor4 hr ago Report: Broncos' Von Miller says he’s being extorted for sex tape7 hr ago Gary Kubiak raising the bar on Trevor Siemian7 hr ago Photo Galleries Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Cubs win the World Series Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Trump to 'make things better'10 hr ago EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may doSun, Nov 13, 2016 Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOPSat, Nov 12, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean waterFri, Nov 11, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S.11 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans16 hr ago LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religionMon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: The people have spoken; 2016 has been an amazing yearFri, Nov 11, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug Lamborn7 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Time to rethink our basic political ideas8 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our futureMon, Nov 14, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Old soldiers continue to fight their wars and rememberFri, Nov 11, 2016 Local News Local News Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime2 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program3 hr ago Local and State Politics Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime2 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program3 hr ago Local Business A plane full of people just flew cross country on wood-based fuel made by a Colorado company7 hr ago 4 anchors of the fast-growing hub in north Colorado Springs8 hr ago Colorado Springs Regional Business Alliance names UCCS chancellor as top Business Citizen9 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger18 hr ago More Top Reads Nation and World New Zealand completes evacuation from town cut off by quake1 min ago Final 3 Minnesotans to be sentenced in Islamic State case8 min ago Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan9 min ago Police: Pizza shop customer shoots 2 robbers, killing 112 min ago Military New Zealand completes evacuation from town cut off by quake1 min ago The Latest: Evacuation from quake-hit New Zealand town ends1 hr ago Manning leads Air Force over Johnson & Wales (Colo.) 105-621 hr ago Afghan officials say suicide bomber kills 4 in Kabul1 hr ago Blogs John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor4 hr ago TV Preview - 10 takeaways from the season three premiere of ‘The Affair’7 hr ago Wounded Warrior Scholarship recipients to be honored13 hr ago Another Arizona State hockey arena deal brewingMon, Nov 14, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase6 hr ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman8 hr ago Shots fired near Palmer Park in Colorado Springs16 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs areaMon, Nov 14, 2016 National Crime 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained6 hr ago 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basement9 hr ago California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrestedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Alaska officer 'ambushed' and shot multiple times, police saySat, Nov 12, 2016 Life Life AROUND TOWN: Friends/family honor Urban Turzi of One Nation Walking Together8 hr ago AROUND TOWN: Women's Foundation of Colorado encourages women's potential8 hr ago 131 Colorado Springs-area holiday events9 hr ago Broadmoor-area church bids farewell to longtime pastor11 hr ago Arts and Entertainment TV Preview - 10 takeaways from the season three premiere of ‘The Affair’7 hr ago Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal'8 hr ago New play explores a world in which everyone must watch what they say13 hr ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty18 hr ago Religion In Indonesia, a new way to take back social media from extremists6 hr ago Cliff Barrows, Billy Graham’s song leader for six decades, dies at 936 hr ago Partisan pope? Falwell critiques Francis on Twitter6 hr ago Baby Christian scolded for first major misstep6 hr ago National National Politics Trump breaks protocol _ again _ on press access25 min ago Life in the White House bubble? Trump's had practice2 hr ago Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries4 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House4 hr ago National Business Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan10 min ago The Latest: San Francisco votes to cap short-term rentals18 min ago 'Super Size Me' filmmaker brings restaurant idea to Columbus50 min ago Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street2 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Libertarian's Johnson has never been the typical politician By Associated Press Published: 02:35 EST, 15 October 2016 | Updated: 02:36 EST, 15 October 2016 e-mail SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) — Ronald Reagan won a historic landslide victory in the 1984 election, taking 49 of 50 states. But he failed to win the vote of a young Republican businessman in New Mexico whose willingness to go against the political grain has made him this presidential campaign's X-factor. Outraged at the GOP president's budget deficits, Gary Johnson for the first time voted for the Libertarian candidate. Ten years later, Johnson became New Mexico's governor, and was known for vetoing bill after bill before he became a national curiosity for advocating legalized marijuana. Now, at age 63, he's the Libertarian Party's presidential nominee, a marijuana-promoting fitness aficionado who summited Mount Everest and now climbs a political mountain with tough odds of reaching the top. FILE - In this May 27, 2016 file photo, Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson speaks to supporters and delegates at the National Libertarian Party Convention in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux, File) Though Johnson has grabbed more attention for his stance on drugs and difficulty answering foreign-policy questions, fiscal conservatism remains his animating force. "I always pushed the envelope," said Johnson, who's proposed deep cuts to military and other government spending as well as elimination of the federal departments of Homeland Security, Commerce, Education, and Housing and Urban Development. "I wasn't a wallflower when I was governor and I do think government spends too much money in areas that don't make a big difference in people's lives." Before he came out for legalizing marijuana shortly after his re-election as New Mexico governor in 1998, Johnson was nicknamed "Governor Veto." He piled up a record 700-plus vetoes during his two terms in Santa Fe. Admirers liked his dedication to limiting the size of government. Detractors considered him narrow-minded and incurious about the outside world. "He just does not believe government should be involved in dealing with social problems," said state Sen. Jerry Pino y Ortiz, who ran two social service agencies during Johnson's administration and feels the former governor let down his achingly poor state. "It's like the dad who's proud that his kid gets by on the smallest allowance at school, but the kid's shoes have holes in them." Rod Adair is a Republican political strategist and former state lawmaker who agrees with Johnson's small-government philosophy. The problem, Adair said, is that the former governor knows relatively little beyond that. He says Johnson prefers to focus on his obsessive fitness routine — he's an ultramarathoner and triathelete who summited Mount Everest in 2003 after leaving office as governor— rather than learn about unfamiliar areas like foreign policy. "Running for president, I don't care where you're governor, it's very different and you need to have a degree of intellectual curiosity," Adair said. "He doesn't have that." Supporters and admirers in New Mexico agree that Johnson was an unusual politician. He didn't horse trade or hold grudges, they say, and was generally direct and honest. Those are attributes that have won him an unusually wide swath of support in the current presidential race, helping him appeal both to some disaffected liberal Bernie Sanders voters and more traditional libertarians. He and running mate Bill Weld, Massachusetts' former GOP governor, are the only third-party ticket on the ballot in all 50 states Johnson has fallen short of the 15 percent threshold in national polling needed to enter the presidential debates, polling at about 8 percent for several months. If he receives 5 percent of the vote in November, that would be a bonanza for the Libertarian Party, assuring it of a valuable place on state ballots in the 2020 election. Johnson's deer-in-the-headlights response to a question from a television interviewer about what he'd do to deal with the crisis in the Syrian city of Aleppo — "What's Aleppo?" — earned him derision in September, though he quickly apologized. Weeks later, Democrats feared Johnson was pulling enough young voters from Clinton to throw some swing states to Trump. Johnson's campaign put out a lengthy statement urging Republicans disgusted with Trump's taped boasts about forcing himself on women to vote Libertarian instead. Johnson says he's happy to criticize Clinton, even though his running mate says his focus is solely on Trump. In an interview at a hotel near his Santa Fe home, Johnson predicted the national debt would more than double to $50 trillion should Clinton implement her various plans. She's proposed spending that would be paid for by $1.4 trillion in tax increases on the wealthy. Johnson said those would doom the economy. "If those tax hikes go through, I think the recession of 2008 is mild by comparison," Johnson said. Johnson was born in North Dakota, but his father moved the family to New Mexico when the future governor was 13. Raised by a school teacher and an accountant for the federal Bureau of Indian Affairs, Johnson founded a construction company while he was still at the University of New Mexico. The firm grew and became a major contractor on Intel's chip factory in Albuquerque, making Johnson his fortune. In 1994 he entered a competitive four-way Republican primary for governor. Johnson squeaked through with just over 30 percent of the primary vote, then defeated an incumbent Democrat whose party was so badly split that his own lieutenant governor ran against him. The new Republican governor confronted a Democratic-controlled legislature and it was ugly. Johnson vetoed more than half of the bills that came to his desk that first year and kept rejecting ones afterward. "When you have both houses of the legislature in the opposite party you're always going to have a lot of sparks that fly, especially on financial issues," said David Harris, Johnson's longtime finance secretary. "He always applied the same test to everything," Harris added — veto it "if it didn't improve the government or it raised taxes." Over the years Johnson routinely shot down efforts to create commemorative license plates that would collect extra money for wildlife preservation, firefighters or West Point graduates. He vetoed a proposal for a state holiday recognizing Hispanic labor icon Cesar Chavez. He vetoed a $2 hotel room fee increase in the city of Las Cruces. He even vetoed the entire budget in his final year only to have the legislature override him. In the end, Johnson had limited success reining in state spending — the budget still grew from $4.4 billion in his first year to $7.7 billion in his last. But even his critics acknowledge it would have been far higher without him. "He was just a very results-oriented guy and there's some utility in his view that doing more does not mean delivering more," said Doug Turner, who ran Johnson's re-election race. Johnson also championed school choice, brought private prisons to the state, implemented managed care in the state's Medicare program and built a new highway to New Mexico's western edge. But it was his push to legalize marijuana, announced shortly after his 1998 re-election, that made him famous. A longtime marijuana user, Johnson said he was persuaded to end the drug war by watching the escalating costs to courts, police and jails from locking up addicts. He wasn't able to persuade the legislature to decriminalize marijuana but came away with more money for drug treatment programs. After leaving office, Johnson pushed for marijuana legalization and founded a marijuana branding company. In 2011, he ran for the GOP presidential nomination. But he was largely ignored in the race and switched to the Libertarian ticket. He received 1 percent of the vote in 2012. Johnson rarely dealt with issues like gay marriage or immigration as governor, but he emphasizes them in this campaign, effectively merging the small-government, non-interventionist libertarianism of Ron Paul with a more socially liberal message. One of the more emotional moments in his rallies usually comes when he announces that "Black Lives Matter" — often to cheers from the largely white audience — and rattles off statistics about the way the justice system treats African-Americans. Johnson is also a non-interventionist, one of his greatest areas of difference with Clinton. He argues that the military could be one-fifth smaller, especially if it pulled back from overseas areas where he says it doesn't need to be, like Japan. He recently said Syria's civil war has been worsened by the U.S. arming some of the rebels and said he wouldn't push for safe zones for civilians in besieged Aleppo, where the U.S. government has accused Russia of targeting civilians to help Syria's government. "That's just opening another conflict with Russia," Johnson said. In this Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 photo, Libertarian presidential candidate and former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson talks to The Associated Press about his candidacy at Hilton Santa Fe in Santa Fe, N.M. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) FILE - In this Sept. 3, 2016, file photo Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson reacts as his microphone stops working during a campaign rally at Grand View University in Des Moines, Iowa. (AP Photo/Scott Morgan, File) In this Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 photo taken from a video screen grab, Libertarian presidential candidate and former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson talks to The Associated Press about his candidacy at Hilton Santa Fe in Santa Fe, N.M. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) FILE - In this May 18, 2016 file photo, Libertarian presidential candidate, former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson leaves the Utah State Capitol after meeting with with legislators, in Salt Lake City. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File) FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2016, file photo, Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson speaks during a rally in Parker, Colo. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
(IN)SECURE Magazine About us Contact Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Don't miss: Analyzing the latest wave of mega attacks Fake executive social media accounts threaten enterprises Critical Linux bug opens systems to compromise Get our Top Stories to your inbox   Related topics Why attaching security to each piece of data is critical Should you trust your security software? What’s your security strategy? Featured news Analyzing the latest wave of mega attacks Fake executive social media accounts threaten enterprises Mobile pros are addicted to Wi-Fi, connectivity impacts their choices Cloud adoption hits all-time high, Microsoft and Google dominate Critical Linux bug opens systems to compromise Facebook, Google ban fake news sources from their ad networks Key causes of network outages and vulnerabilities UK Home Secretary signs extradition order for British hacker Lauri Love Preparing for the holiday shopping season? Cybercriminals are getting ready as well Weave a web of deception to secure data Review: iStorage diskAshur Pro SSD Waterfall BlackBox: Restoring trust in network information Help Net SecurityOctober 11, 2016 Does your organization have an endpoint security strategy? Learn the 13 Questions You Must Ask Your Bot Mitigation Vendor to Secure Your Website Only thirty-three percent of IT security professionals have security strategies in place to protect the growing number of endpoints on their networks, according to a recent study conducted by Dimensional Research among 500 IT security pros. Are you confident that all the devices connected to your network receive security updates in a timely fashion? Sixty percent of the respondents said they are not confident that all of the devices connected to their networks receive security updates in a timely fashion. “Timely application of security updates is one of the most effective ways to reduce risk in any organization, but it remains a widespread challenge,” said Tim Erlin, senior director of IT security and risk strategy for Tripwire. “As more diverse devices are deployed, the availability and management of these updates becomes more difficult. Organizations need to have a strategy now, before an incident occurs.” Critical endpoints are systems that, if compromised, could have significant fiscal or operational impact on an organization. Endpoints have traditionally been defined as devices with which users interact, such as desktops, tablets or phones; however, this definition has now been expanded to include additional items like employee-owned devices, virtual machines, point-of-sale terminals, Internet of Things devices and servers. Despite presenting significant and unique security risks, critical endpoints are rapidly increasing on networks. Intel has projected there will be over 200 billion connected devices by 2020. Are you concerned about the security of IoT devices connecting to your organization’s network? Additional findings: Twenty-one percent of the respondents consider the security of IoT devices connecting to their organization’s networks to be one of their top security concerns. Nearly one-third (thirty-one percent) of the respondents said they conduct comprehensive inventories of hardware- and software-based assets, including IoT devices, on their networks only once per year. Fifty-two percent of the respondents said the projected growth rate of endpoints on their organization’s networks over the next 24 months would be less than twenty-five percent per year. “The proliferation of devices from BYOD, IoT, and the incidental use of personal devices in the enterprise is causing ‘device sprawl,’ so it’s no surprise enterprises aren’t keeping up,” said Dwayne Melancon, vice president of products at Tripwire. “The key to dealing with this risk is to remember that foundational controls still apply, regardless of scale – know what’s on your network, understand how it’s vulnerable, keep it patched, keep it securely configured, and monitor the heck out of it for suspicious activity.” Tags BYOD endpoint security strategy survey Tripwire Critical Linux bug opens systems to compromise Key causes of network outages and vulnerabilities Weave a web of deception to secure data Researchers reveal WiFi-based mobile password discovery attack Compromised: 339 million AdultFriendFinder users Spot light Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments What's New Mobile pros are addicted to Wi-Fi, connectivity impacts their choices Cloud adoption hits all-time high, Microsoft and Google dominate Facebook, Google ban fake news sources from their ad networks Preparing for the holiday shopping season? Cybercriminals are getting ready as well UK Home Secretary signs extradition order for British hacker Lauri Love Share this article Cloud and IoT adoption requires organizations to future-proof PKI implementations Does your organization have an endpoint security strategy? Components of an effective vulnerability management process Don't miss Analyzing the latest wave of mega attacks Fake executive social media accounts threaten enterprises Critical Linux bug opens systems to compromise Facebook, Google ban fake news sources from their ad networks Key causes of network outages and vulnerabilities UK Home Secretary signs extradition order for British hacker Lauri Love Weave a web of deception to secure data Review: iStorage diskAshur Pro SSD New users flock to ProtonMail in wake of Trump’s victory Researchers reveal WiFi-based mobile password discovery attack Compromised: 339 million AdultFriendFinder users How hackers will exploit the Internet of Things in 2017   Newsletters Subscribe to get regular updates from Help Net Security. The weekly newsletter contains a selection of the best stories, while the daily newsletter highlights all the latest headlines! Email address: List Choice Weekly newsletter Daily newsletter subscribe Start News Malware Articles Reviews Events Copyright 1998-2016 by Help Net Security Read our privacy policy About us Advertise Design by FatDUX Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Copyright 1998-2016 by Help Net Security | Read our privacy policy | About us | Advertise Design by FatDUX
null
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Processors Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Graphics/Sound Recent additions: ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 And GTX 1050 Ti Review: Low Power, Low Price Pascal Custom GeForce GTX 1080 Round Up With ASUS, EVGA, And Gigabyte Motherboards Recent additions: Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested MSI Z170A Gaming M9 ACK Motherboard Review: Sharp Dressed, Feature Packed Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights Storage Recent additions: Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Samsung SSD 960 Pro NVMe M.2 Review: Blazing Fast, Solid State Storage Misc Recent additions: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Review: A Minimalistic Mechanical Plank Intel Unveils Project Alloy Merged Reality Headset And Partnership With Microsoft For Windows Holographic Shell Hykso Boxing Sensors Review: Wearable Technology And Fitness Collide SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Desktops Recent additions: Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Workstation Recent additions: Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights NVIDIA Quadro M2000 Review: Affordable Maxwell Pro Graphics Lenovo ThinkPad P70 Mobile Workstation Review: Xeon And Quadro On The Go Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Adventures With Dell's Rugged PC Line-Up Notebooks Recent additions: Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Asus ZenBook 3 Review: An Intel Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Smartphones Recent additions: Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Moto G4 Play Review: Budget Android, Full-Featured And Unlocked LG V20 Review: Android Nougat-Infused And Feature-Rich Tablets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Review: A 2-In-1 For Pros Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Review: A Premium, Ultra-Thin Windows Convertible Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Alienware 13 Surface Studio MacBook Pro Commodore IoT DDoS Attacks WikiLeaks Kaby Lake And Zen Windows 10 home News by Paul Lilly — Friday, October 14, 2016 Acer Swift 7 Ultrabook Brings Its Incredibly Thin And Light Frame To U.S. Starting At $1,100 Acer's bringing sexy back to the laptop landscape with its previously announced Swift 7, a svelte system billed as the world's thinnest with a waistline that measures a mere 0.39 inches. It's also staggeringly light at just 2.48 pounds, and if you've been waiting for this beauty to show up, we have good news—the Swift 7 is now available to order in the U.S. starting at $1,099. The Swift 7 owes its ultra-thin and featherweight status to its aluminum unibody design. Acer didn't stop there, though, giving the Swift 7 a fantastic looking gold inner surface that contrasts nicely with its matte black exterior, at least from what we can tell from the press photos (we've yet to spy one of these systems in person). There's more here than just a beautiful frame, the Swift 7 bring some brawn as well. The first model available in the Swift 7 series (SF713-51-M90J) features a 13.3-inch Full HD 1080p display (1920x1080) with an In-Plane Switching Panel powered by a 7th Generation Intel Core i5-7Y54 processor based on Intel's recently introduced Kaby Lake architecture. The introductory model also boasts 8GB of LPDDR3 memory and a 256GB solid state drive, giving it a capable foundation to serve as an everyday workhorse. We don't suspect the CPU and integrated graphics are up to the task of handling intense content creation chores, but as a general purpose productivity machine with multimedia chops, the Swift 7 will probably suffice. Other features include 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, an HDR webcam, two USB 3.1 Type-C ports (albeit Gen 1), a 4-cell (2,770 mAh) battery that Acer says is good for 9 hours of run time, and Windows 10 64-bit. Standard (Type-A) USB ports are noticeably missing from the configuration, and in that way the Swift 7 is like Apple's MacBook. However, the Swift 7 brings two USB 3.1 Type-C ports to the table rather than just one, the distinction there being you can charge the Swift 7 while still having access to a USB 3.1 port without using an adapter. The Swift 7 is available to order now direct from Acer. Tags:  Notebooks, Acer, Laptops, Ultrabook, swift 7 Via:  PRWeb Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS Chrome Crushing It In The Browser Wars...45 Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10...11 Google DeepMind AI's Ability To Discern...9 NVIDIA's Killer GeForce GTX 1080 Ti To...9 Google Rails Against Proprietary USB-C...8 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Sells Out...8 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Allegedly...7 FEATURED Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review:... Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit... ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme... Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks... WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review:... Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...745k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...579k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...558k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...542k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...483k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...435k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...382k THREADS HH Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t Notebook...7 I'm hanging in there until I win my new...4 HotHardware's Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t...4 Your most tech advanced or fancy...4 Silly little thing3 Do you use a desktop or laptop?2 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES Microsoft’s Cheyenne Datacenter... US Navy Acknowledges Installing... Twitter Adds New Ways To Mute Trolls... OnePlus 3T Smartphone Launches With... Hybrids And EVs Must Produce Noise... Google To Kick Sites That Purvey... Android Phones Loaded With Secret... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2016 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address

ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Showbiz - Travel - Home/Interiors Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Breaking Business News Technology Small Business HOT TOPICS: Grace scandal Trump presidency Leonard Cohen 8th Amendment Home»Business DCC to acquire UK computer distributor for €42m Saturday, October 15, 2016 Eamon Quinn Diversified fuels to computer group DCC plans to buy the English-based distributor of computer servers, Hammer, for £38.3m (€42.3m) in cash, in a move it hopes will allow it to tap the growing demand for cloud-based storage. However, the company’s shares, which are listed in London, slipped by around 0.5%. The shares have nonetheless risen strongly this year, climbing 23% despite the potential challenges of Brexit. Merrion Capital analyst Darren McKinley said the acquisition costs represented a multiple of six times Hammer’s Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation, and met “DCC’s investment criteria”. The acquisition should benefit group operating profit by around 2% to 3%, Mr McKinley said. DCC said Hammer posted operating profits of £6.3m and sales of £155m in the 12 months to the end of January. Hammer distributes servers for manufacturers across Europe including Dell, NetApp, Seagate, Intel, and Western Digital, and will help DCC tap growth in cloud data centres, said chief executive Tommy Breen. The acquisition “underpins management’s commitment to a division that has struggled in the recent past — 29% year—year decline in full-year 2016 operating profit — relative to energy and healthcare in particular,” said Gerry Hennigan, analyst at Goodbody Stockbrokers. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS business, finance, economy, uk, dcc, hammer © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved More in this Section Winners and losers in Irish food chain under Trump Aer Lingus: Cork Airport not left out in cold Breaking Stories Grafton street in Dublin is the 13th most expensive retail space in the world Irish online shopping increases by 20% Lifestyle Six cool science experiments for kids More From The Irish Examiner Buy framed pages & newspaper books: Visit Shop Photo Sales: View Gallery ePaper: Find out more Irish Examiner Digital Archive: View every printed page from the Irish Examiner from 1841 Lotto Results Saturday, November 12, 2016 2 9 19 28 32 43 47 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner    
null
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . Peter Thiel donating $US1.25 million to Trump Chris Keall Sunday October 16, 2016 7 Share Peter Thiel Play NBR radio on Tech entrepreneur Peter Thiel is donating $US1.25 million to Donald Trump, according to the New York Times (the Republican nominee needs it. According to the Times, he raised $US75 million in October to the Clinton campaign's $US150 million). Mr Thiel — a founding investor in PayPal, the first outsider to put money into Facebook and a current major shareholder in Xero — raised eyebrows when he put his hand up to be a Trump delegate for California at the July Republican convention. The move put the billionaire in the lonely position of being the only major Silicon Valley figure to support the decisive Republican nominee. Calls by Mr Trump for Apple to hand over its encryption keys to the state, and bring low-skilled, low-margin hardware assembly jobs back to the US have many in the tech sector up in arms. But true to his contrarian form, Mr Thiel is doubling down rather than backing after the most recent Trump controversies (the latest being the New Yorker's insane call for drug-testing before the third debate). So how did the openly gay Mr Thiel come to join Camp Trump, home of so much intolerant rhetoric and hate-chants at its rallies? According to the Guardian, the entrepreneur is "very hawkish on immigration" and has previously donated $US1 million to Numbers USA, a group that lobbies for reduced intake. It has been noted that there's some irony in Mr Trump lobbying for restrictions on immigration, given he is the grandson of an immigrant (albeit of course, not a black or Latino one). The same could be said of Mr Thiel only more so, given he was born in West Germany, making him the latest in a long list of immigrants who have contributed to US domination of the tech industry that includes Andy Grove (Intel), Elon Musk (PayPal, Tesla, SpaceX) and Sergey Brin (Google), among many others. And that's not to mention the children of immigrants such as the Syrian Abdul Jandali, who foisted the layabout Steve Jobs on the Californian education system. At a speech during the July Republican convention, Mr Thiel struck something of a first, telling the audience he was proud to be gay, but elsewhere covered the familiar populist territory mined by everyone from Bernie Sanders to Mr Trump this electoral cycle, saying "Across the country, wages are flat. Americans get paid less today than 10 years ago. But health care and college tuition cost more every year. Meanwhile, Wall Street bankers inflate bubbles in everything from government bonds to Hillary Clinton’s speaking fees. Our economy is broken. If you’re watching me right now, you understand this better than any politician in Washington DC.” Outside of politics, Mr Thiel has also caused controversy (and perhaps set Mr Trump's heart a flutter) by bankrolling a lawsuit that forced media site Gawker out of business.  Read more from Chris Keall Email Chris: ckeall@nbr.co.nz Follow @@ChrisKeall 7 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Politics Donald Trump Technology peter thiel Xero Related Articles:  Hillary on meth: Trump adviser Sun 16 Oct 16 23 Paid content One of Peter Thiel’s Valar funds lightens its Xero investment Fri 9 Sep 16 6 Trump moves to open warfare mode against Republican leaders Wed 12 Oct 16 24 Post Comment 7 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by The Scribe  1 month ago What a hypocrite on all fronts Is it all about money maybe and greed? Reply Share Share   1 2 by Guest 1 month ago in reply to The Scribe  +1 Reply Share Share   0 1 #2 by Mark Hubbard  1 month ago Perhaps Thiel has figured out who the real danger is. Who'd a thought I'd ever be linking to John Pilger. Although he's deluded in his collectivist ends, he's made it to a solid half-way on causes. Clinton is way, way more dangerous than Trump will be: https://newmatilda.com/2016/03/23/john-pilger-why-hillary-clinton-is-mor... Quote: 'A generation ago, a post-modern cult now known as “identity politics” stopped many intelligent, liberal-minded people examining the causes and individuals they supported – such as the fakery of Obama and Clinton...' Great read. Reply Share Share   2 0 by Hip hop 1 month ago in reply to Mark Hubbard  Mark Hubbard - you are a nutter living in the the echo chamber that is far right wing media. Try getting up, walking away from your computer and go outside in the sun. Reply Share Share   0 1 #3 by me 1 month ago The States is screwed with two very poor choices for President. One an egotistical nutter and the other a corrupt puppet master for billionaires Reply Share Share   1 0 by Chin Dynasty 1 month ago in reply to me You mean billionaires like Warren Buffett who donates billions of dollars to charity? How shocking! Much better that a presidential candidate be controlled by the social welfare beneficiaries? Reply Share Share   0 2 #4 by Anonymous 30 days ago I just think anyone who can poll over 40% in the US deserves our respect. If only because one day they might be entitled to demand it. If a couple of golf games can improve relations then you better believe smarmy remarks off the course can dampen them. If you want to promote sunflower politics you better be breeding an all season variety. The alternative is to grow tall poppys but they only flourish in the US. Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7094 0.0004 0.06% AUD 0.9401 0.0014 0.15% EUR 0.6601 -0.0009 -0.14% GBP 0.5692 -0.0002 -0.04% HKD 5.5033 0.0044 0.08% JPY 77.4020 0.1260 0.16% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1228.4 8.900 2016-11-15T00: Oil Brent 48.0 2.600 2016-11-15T00: Oil Nymex 46.4 2.570 2016-11-15T00: Silver Index 17.0 0.150 2016-11-15T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6770.4 6832.3 6770.4 0.80% NASDAQ 5241.4 5287.1 5218.4 1.10% DAX 10720.9 10748.3 10693.7 0.39% DJI 18858.2 18925.3 18868.7 0.29% FTSE 6753.2 6820.5 6753.2 0.59% HKSE 22440.0 22499.4 22323.9 0.61% NI225 17832.5 17886.4 17668.2 1.15% ASX 5326.2 5346.7 5326.2 -0.05% Most Popular Read Quake day three: Molesworth St building to be demolished; quake upgraded to 7.8 Wellington's port damage: How bad is it? MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise NZ dollar falls as greenback holds near 11-month high EQC defends Christchurch repairs as Labour candidate calls for royal commission Commented Statistics NZ Wellington building off-limits after floor pancaked in quake Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped Quake day three: Molesworth St building to be demolished; quake upgraded to 7.8 Liquidators stir bad blood at Mad Butcher New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Mainfreight managing director Don Braid talks to Grant Walker about post-quake transport issues ABS' Nathan Penny and Rabobank's Emma Higgins explain why they think the milk price will reach $6/kgMS Jenny Ruth on the Ralec NZX decision...all 172 pages of it IDC's Peter Wise on the latest Vodafone NZ numbers - and the impact of the pending Sky merger The identity politics that delivered Trump to the White House also marred media coverage of his campaign, says Daniel Hirst Wellington Chamber of Commerce chief executive John Milford on how Monday's quake his impacted to city's economy Only available on Previous article There's a way to turn almost any object into a computer – and it could cause shockwaves in AI Next article Dotcom-led crowdfunding effort well shy of $7m target and, so far, $1.4m minimum Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Peter Thiel donating $US1.25 million to Trump
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal ‹ › Jim W. Dean is managing editor of Veterans Today wearing many hats from day to day operations, development, writing and editing articles. He has an active schedule of TV and radio interviews He is co-host of the popular VT Radio show Jim and Gordie Show. Jim comes from an old military family dating back to the American Revolution. Dozens of Confederate ancestors fought for the South in the War Between the States. Uncles fought in WWII and Korea. His father was a WWII P-40 and later P-51 Mustang fighter pilot. Vietnam found several uncles serving, a cousin, and brother Wendell as a young Ranger officer. His mother was a WWII widow at 16, her first husband killed with all 580 aboard when the SS Paul Hamilton, an ammunition ship with 7000 tons of explosives aboard, was torpedoed off the coast of Algiers. He has been writing, speaking and doing public relations, television, consulting and now multimedia work for a variety of American heritage, historical, military, veterans and Intel platforms. Jim's only film appearance was in the PBS Looking for Lincoln documentary with Prof. Henry Lewis Gates, and he has guest lectured at the Army Command and General Staff School at Fort Gordon. Currently he is working to take his extensive historical video archives on line to assist his affiliated organizations with their website multimedia efforts, such as the Military Order of World Wars, Atlanta, Sons of the American Revolution, Sons of Confederate Veterans , Assoc. for Intelligence Officers, the Navy League, Georgia Heritage Council, National Memorial Assoc.of Georgia. View Latest Posts >>> NEO – Western countries hold themselves unaccountable By Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 15, 2016 Running the gauntlet Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities – Voltaire by Jim W. Dean, VT Editor   … with New Eastern Outlook,  Moscow – First published  …  October 15,  2016 – Going through the world news everyday as an editor has become a job of running a virtual gauntlet of embarrassment that is caused by the repetitive duplicity and irresponsibility of those who claim to wear the mantle of freedom and democracy. Hoffman’s book was ignored but never challenged by MSM or academia, as it was meticulously sourced Those who built America “escaped” from Europe, many of them as indentured servants, the term being synonymous with slavery at the time. In the 1600’s, two thirds of the population were these “white slaves”, the darkest secret of America’s past. If you don’t believe me you can get an inexpensive book, They were white and they were slaves; the untold history of the enslavement of whites in early America, by Michael Hoffman. I did my first TV show appearance on this topic in 1999. Britain referred to them as exporting “our excess poor”, much of it created when sheep became more profitable tenants than tenant farmers, who were pushed off the land into the cities. The death rate of the early settlers was 50% within the first five years, creating a constant demand for workers to do the backbreaking work of building America. Not one American in a hundred knows anything about this. I was in my late 40’s when I discovered it, despite having an expensive education. But then began my journey, with a revelation that “If they can lie and hide something like this, there probably is a lot more”; and I was right. This past week has been like a Twilight Zone episode of incredible events, and sometimes I feel I am trapped in a Fellini movie dream on a merry-go-round of horrors. With the Syrians, Russians, Iranians and Hezbollah continuing to roll forward against all the Western and Gulf State backed terrorists, and winning, the Terror Sponsors have cranked up their propaganda machine. John Kerry had the gall to throw the “war crimes” term on the table for what is nothing more than a Syrian coalition operation to clear the terrorists out of Aleppo. Let me rephrase that. The Secretary of State of the US, deemed to be the protector of freedom and democracy in the world, wants to charge those who are defeating US proxy terrorists, with being criminals. Terror from the Sky Saudi Arabia has finally confirmed the attack, after saying it flew no planes in the area But it gets worse. The US is providing Saudi Arabia everything it has to offer in terms of surveillance and intelligence for targeting Yemen’s infrastructure, the poorest country in the Arab world. The terrorist attack with US complicity on the large funeral gathering in Sana’a was clearly a mass decapitation attack due to the large number of officials who would be attending the funeral of the Interior Minister’s father. This could never have been done without many top officials signing off on it. Professional soldiers always prefer a written order before they murder a large number of civilians, including women and children. They know they are expendable as sacrificial lambs. If Obama is still in charge, he would have to have been informed. All I can think of is that it was a desperate gamble to break the back of the resistance in Yemen, but it just showed how little the Western and Gulf State terror duo has learned in the past year. Their mad gamble to retake Iraq and to install a US-Saudi-backed Sunni government there as a firewall against Iran has not turned out so well. The US has both supported and fought ISIS in Iraq like it has in Syria, with its pitiful coalition stragglers trailing along, with the exception of those cut in for a piece of Syria or Iraq in the end game. Turkey has learned the game well, having carved out its “buffer zone”, the latest catch phrase for invading a county. You simply call it an anti-terrorist operation, and to hell with UN resolutions or international law. We are way past drone strikes now, folks. The Sana’a attack was the Mother of all drone attacks. Turkey merely had its Turkmen and special ops troops masquerading as IS change back into their Turkish uniforms to attack the patsy IS units. Erdogan was making headlines today by offering to play the great peacemaker as the mediator between the US and Russia. Failure of Leadership Fellini at work This Fellini-style movie continues with Ban ki-Moon and the EU’s Donald Tusk playing the odd couple. Mr. Moon, because he is leaving his post soon, musters the courage to say, “there must be accountability for the appalling conduct of this entire war.” Hurrah for him…finally. Tusk, on the other hand, decides to take the EU downwind of its failure in Ukraine, starting with the US-NATO-EU violent coup that flushed the country down the toilet, including the loans that it will never be able to repay, which the EU citizens will get stuck with. He did not admit the failure, but double-dipped on Putin and Assad, claiming that the sanctions on Moscow must be maintained (even if Ukraine is resolved), for what Russia is doing in Syria, which is being a key player in what so many of us see as a successful counter-terrorism campaign, the only one going on other than the slugfest that the Iraqis are engaged in with the big Mosul battle coming soon. Here is what Tusk said about what is going on in Aleppo where the jihadis are losing. “It’s obvious for me today, the only way is to prolong the sanctions against Russia… Otherwise it will be a clear capitulation.” This someone who considers the jihadis getting beat a tragedy for the EU. Fellini would have loved to have lived to see this absurdity. Corrupt politicians versus sheepeople voters Trump would have had a better shot if he had acted more presidential But to prove I am not just picking on the Europeans, let’s go back to the US and include its voters in this crazy contest. We have a professionally planned and released leak of a locker room chat tape involving Donald Trump, where he said nothing that surprised anyone. Yet our phony political class is feigning outrage. The Democrats are gleefully happy to watch the mass media pummel Trump, and seeing Republicans denounce their own candidate with less than a month before election day. Why would they do that? The first major poll came out after the “girl talk” scandal broke and Hillary was 14 points up on Trump. No candidate has ever survived being behind that much in the last month, if this poll was not rigged. [Note: current polls show the race closer, but who can trust any poll these days?…jd] And mind you, all the holier-than-thou Washingtonian fakes whining about the locker room girl talk know they live in one of the pedophile capitals of the world, where kidnapped and missing children are used as party favors for after hours VIP political, financial and business barons. This has gone on for ages and is widely known throughout the entire intelligence and diplomatic community. The epidemic continues unabated at the elite level where it is protected The perverse habit also has deep roots in Europe, with a big trade in young North Africans that even goes into some of the Royal families. Law enforcement and Intel agencies have been covering this up for many years to save their respective countries the huge embarrassment. But here we are, with all the major issues facing the world, the horrible suffering and crimes against humanity going on with major Western nations involved, and we might see the US presidential election determined by a Trump locker room boys chat, when Bill Clinton was a serial rapist and Hillary went after some of the victims like Godzilla when they threatened to go public. Hillary’s new Wikipedia campaign email leaks show the staff discussions of keeping Bill low-profile during the campaign so his womanizing would not get attention, and all the nasty things that Hillary did to keep the victims quiet. You really can’t make this stuff up. Maybe there are times when the public does deserve what it gets with poor leadership. We have a political class here in the US, decades in the making, who after the worst terrorist attack in history thought that an investigation with no testimony under oath was just fine. This allowed witnesses to lie and withhold evidence which normally would have been felonies. I knew when that happened, that things were never going to be the same after that, security wise. And we have steadily gone downhill since then, until a day would come where 1500 people attending a funeral would be considered a “target of opportunity”. Jim W. Dean, managing editor for Veterans Today, producer/host of Heritage TV Atlanta, specially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”. ____________ Related Posts: NEO – Western Coup in Ukraine an Ongoing Disaster NEO – Arab world fears Trump presidency NEO – RT’s Bank Accounts Closed – It’s Nothing to Do With Syria NEO – Mosul Offensive Reveals Larger Geopolitical Game Plan Western Media attacks Aleppo with Guided Missile Lies The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 15, 2016, With 3035 Reads Filed under Investigations. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 9 Responses to "NEO – Western countries hold themselves unaccountable" nawlins  October 17, 2016 at 11:29 am Aziz, They were called the Redlegs of Barbados. I know of this as I have ancestors (as do most Irish, even the Kennedy’s) who were “Barbadosed”. This was long before Africans were traded. They brought in the Africans because the Irish couldn’t take the heat and were dying like flies. This was in the 1600’s. I know this personally because I have been to Barbados (great rum!) and seen my name on a headstone of a redleg graveyard. An IRISH name! Log in to Reply JS  October 17, 2016 at 6:09 am Excellent article. It’s nice to see calm analysis of politics, for a change. Log in to Reply Cosmodrome  October 16, 2016 at 7:40 pm Jim, what is the possibility that the Saudis are not in control of their own government any longer? Of late they seem to have erratic policy/war decisions suitable for maniac chancers. If there was a foreign shadow government in Saudi they would not share in any patriotic pride or concern for the future sustainability. They could easily bomb a state funeral and have a quiet chuckle in the shadows. Perhaps the funeral bombing was another case of radar hacking (that Gordon talked about re MH17). So, was it even the Saudis? Murky waters, I know! Log in to Reply Amelius  October 16, 2016 at 11:12 am Thanks Jim, very well done. There was a time when a White slave was 4X cheaper than a Black one. My generation never learned this in school either. In fact, I don’t recall learning much of anything useful in the institutionalized indoctrination system. What they teach is conformity and obedience to our dysfunctional society and the maintenance of the status quo. What I learned is that by asking questions, I was labelled as a disruptive “trouble maker.” With the cost of living being so high, both parents are forced to work long hours to pay the bills and this leaves our children to be raised by the system. A system who’s primary objective is to raise the next generation of obedient, “politically correct” zombies who will go along to get along, without question. Log in to Reply Aziz Khalfan  October 16, 2016 at 2:14 am @Jim, recently I came across an article about the Irish slaves and that was news to me. Of all the people He put on earth the Brits reign as the most perfidious and untrustworthy. No wonder Irish tunes has that melancholy edge to it that just endears you to these people. Log in to Reply Aziz Khalfan  October 16, 2016 at 1:25 am Smearing Trump in order to praise Hillary ? That’s a joke ! It is like cutting off your nose to spite your face. It is strange how Trump is held to a higher set of ethics and hurdles but the same standards do not apply to the rest and specifically to Hillary and the rotten crew running the US government circus. Why ? Is Trump Muslim ? But Hillary is free to bitch anyhow she wills. Why ? Is she Jewish ? Her selective memory recalls alone disqualify her for presidency on grounds of diminished responsibility let alone her covered-up criminial spree. Imagine having a president with a malfunctioning memory faculty. Now lets face the obvious, if all the nasty things said of Trump and Hillary are true then we are looking at 2 arch-criminals contending the US presidency. Does this not hint that the ‘exceptional’ American society is nothing more than a criminal society despite the tomes of laws that are applied selectively ? I guess the US needs more than select a president, it needs to peep on a mirror and do some introspection else they will take the entire world along on its manifest path to self-destruction. The rest of the world can get along quite well without the US any day however I have to agree that Western countries and their serfs do indeed hold themselves unaccountable for their many crimes but I doubt if the Law holds the same point of view. Log in to Reply joetv  October 15, 2016 at 1:34 pm As a grade school (PS 43 K-8) student, I remember learning this. For free passage (to the New World) the cost was 7 years of indentured servitude. If you were never taught this and, I am 68, then it will be easy for us to graph the decent of education. All we need is a 3rd point, (learned at PS43) to determine the angle of decline we are on. We can then figure out the year when independent thought will cease; completely. Log in to Reply Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor  October 15, 2016 at 8:12 pm The catch there was in the early days with the severe shortage of labor your owner could charge you with plotting to escape, where as a servant/slave you had not rights in court. You could be given another 7 years. SweetLove  October 15, 2016 at 1:17 pm Thank you. What kind of morale and ethics does an administration have that orders the bombing of a funeral with 1500 men, women and children? What kind of morale and ethics does a military commander have that plan and supervise the bombing of a funeral with 1500 men, women and children? What kind of morale and ethics does a fighter pilot/drone operator have that executes the bombing of a funeral with 1500 men, women and children? This is so disgusting it’s beyond words. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal Balochistan Blasts and the Issue of Pak-Afghan Border Syrian War Report – November 15, 2016: 500 Militants Were Killed in Clashes in Western Aleppo PART III: Neoconizing the Just War Doctrine in the service of American empire Empowering Veterans – Rebuilding the American Nation Army Special Forces soldiers killed in Jordan were working for the CIA SouthFront: Turkey Seizing More Syrian Territory while Russian Fleet Readies for Attack 1.8 Million Votes Behind, Trump Goes Neocon while voters stats suggesting “hack” are suppressed Israeli ministers okay draft bill to legalize Jewish settlements on private Palestinian land Iran Ready for Joint Military Drills with China Trump Asks to Postpone Fraud Trial until after His Inauguration Most Americans Go to Polls in History But Voting at Lowest Level Since 1996? Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (78621) Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) (23412) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (15732) Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? (15221) We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? (13480) Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) (10945) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9176) 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor (9171) Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans (8498) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? (8217) Worker Bee: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Simpsons Donkey: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” James Robertson: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” George Bowling: Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab LC: Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times JS: Election Wrapup LC: Making America Great Means Ending the War on Islam and the People of Afghanistan VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 We Should Take Our Cues From the Market — Not Politicians In personal finance, there’s a gender divide How to Streamline Your Business Using Video Conferences Short Term Investments for Veterans National News View all Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Chili’s under fire after manager takes free meal from vet on Veterans Day US, British ‘Clean House’ to Delete Syria Terror Links Leftist Loons Want a Civil War EU Holds Meeting to Discuss Trump VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now MDRC Joins HireVeterans.com! Kohler Joins HireVeterans.com! Former sergeant channels years of guilt into hope for veterans How You Can Pay Veterans Back With a Job Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: John Denugent and Kevin Barrett TCK Radio: Josh Tolley “Post Election Prognosis, Putin & Preparedness” RAG RADIO: ‘The Resisitible Rise of Donald J. Trump’ with Jonathan Tilove & Glenn W. Smith Freeing our Minds to Reclaim our Nations: Radio Free Kanata TRUTH JIHAD: Gordon Duff on Trump’s election theft TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) The City of London’s ReColonization of America The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Who Towers Behind Trump? Rodrigo Duterte to New World Order agents: “I’ll humiliate you” New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Qatari princess having sex with seven men Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 NEO – Mosul Offensive Reveals Larger Geopolitical Game Plan Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Rose McGowan: I was raped by a studio head in Hollywood Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Armageddon Proportions Western Media attacks Aleppo with Guided Missile Lies Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Assad: New World Order agents (like John Kerry) have no political or intellectual teeth The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Power, Pedophilia and the US Government Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU Linksys WRT3200ACM ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1266 25 20 507 947 18 178 291 99 71 726 316 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events November's Black Tag Specials Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search all Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Motherboards >  Intel Motherboards >  ASUS >  Item#: N82E16813132516 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Ultra-fast 10Gb/s USB 3.1 built in to the board Patent Pending OC Socket 5-Way Optimization by Dual Intelligent Processors 5 Dual 32Gb/s ultrafast M.2 x4 (onboard and PCIE add-in card) Crystal Sound 2 ASUS HomeCloud with 2x2 802.11ac Wi-Fi LOADING... ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A X99-A/USB 3.1 Unmatched performance and ultra-fast USB 3.1 onboard for your X99 build. Ultra-fast 10Gb/s USB 3.1 built in to the board Patent Pending OC Socket – Drive CPU and DDR4 performance beyond all expectations! 5-Way Optimization by Dual Intelligent Processors 5 – One click overclock and cooling, done! 32Gb/s ultrafast M.2 x4 Crystal Sound 2 - Flawless audio that makes you part of the game! Total control anytime, anywhere with Remote GO! USB BIOS Flashback Intel® LAN 2 x USB 3.1 4 x USB 3.1 8CH Audio with DTS Support 3x PCIe 3.0 (GEN3) 3-Way SLI & Quad GPU CFX Support Crystal Sound 2 Top notch audio profile EMI protection cover Audo shielding De-pop circuit Audio amplifier Separate layer for left/right track Premium Japan-made audio capacitors 4 x Front USB 3.0 32Gb/s M.2 x 4 support TPU 8xSATA 6Gb/s SATA Express DDR4 3333(O.C) SUPPORT O.C Socket Intel LGA 2011-v3 Socket EPU DIGI+ Power Control Flagship performance Drive CPU and DDR4 performance beyond all expectations! Patent Pending OC Socket Designed to break performance barriers, ASUS OC Socket utilizes extra pins to connect a proprietary circuit to contacts found on Haswell-E's land grid array (LGA). Combined with our customized UEFI, this exclusive feature enables higher DDR4 memory frequencies, lower latencies and enhanced stability while overclocking, extending all the way to extreme overclocking conditions, such as Liquid Nitrogen (LN2). OC Socket is 100% compatible with new Haswell-E LGA 2011-v3 CPUs, ensuring the ideal combination of overclocking performance and compatibility. Unique Cache Bus Voltage Adjustment Cache bus links areas such as CPU cores, DDR4 Memory Controllers, System Agent and the shared L3 Cache. It is a critical interconnect for the whole CPU subsystem. Higher cache bus frequency directly gives faster total sub-system performance. ASUS OC Socket exclusively provides an adjustable cache bus voltage to reach higher cache bus frequencies. Reference tuning ratio range is up to 30. ASUS OC Socket tuning ratio range is 45+! Cache bus links all the essential CPU areas together. Higher cache bus frequency boosts PC performance! 3DMark Physics CPU: Intel Core i7-5960X 4.8G| MB: X99-DELUXE | DDR4: Corsair DDR4-2133*4 | GFX: GTX780 | OS: Windows7 64-bit AIDA64 memory benchmark CPU: Intel Core i7-5960X | MB: X99-DELUXE | DDR4: Corsair DDR4-2133*4 | GFX: GTX780 | OS: Windows7 64-bit Make your memory go faster This is the first platform to support DDR4 memory and it's able to drive memory frequencies to 3200MHz (and beyond when overclocked)! ASUS-exclusive T-Topology circuit design plus OC Socket provides superb memory-overclocking capability to unleash the full power of DDR4 by minimizing coupling noise and signal reflection. With innovative equidistant memory channels, it delivers the most balanced control and powerful overclocking compatibility. ASUS works with almost every DDR4 memory vendor to ensure the best compatibility One click overclock and cooling, done! Get performance, efficiency, digital power, fan control and even networking and audio tuning tailored for you One click takes care of all that complex tuning. Your PC is smart with ASUS 5-Way Optimization. It dynamically optimizes essential aspects of your system based on real-time use – so you get superb CPU performance, everyday energy savings, ultra-stable digital power, cool and quiet fans and now even networking and audio settings that are tailored for the apps that you are using. In short, 5-Way Optimization ensures that your PC is perfect for gaming, entertainment, productivity or just about anything else! Games run swiftly and smoothly with high performance, prioritized bandwidth and vivid sound. Fans stay whisper-quiet for everyday computing and ensure extreme cooling efficiency when gaming. Never-stutter in professional apps and heavy loading. Energy waste is reduced so you'll save money. CPU Performance boost TPU Unleash your PC's full performance with a simple two-phase onboard switch or the ASUS AI Suite 3 utility! The Turbo Processor Unit (TPU) offers precise voltage control and advanced monitoring for the CPU and the graphics card, enabling great freedom to adjust CPU frequencies and ratios for optimized performance and to exploit the potential out of your graphics card*. *Refer to graphics card QVL All-round energy efficiency EPU With the Energy Processing Unit (EPU) you will enjoy from system-wide real-time power savings, controlled via a simple onboard switch or the AI Suite 3 utility. EPU detects and adjusts power consumption according to the PC's needs — automatically. It can also reduce CPU wattage to an indicated level or enjoy even more savings with Away Mode, which creates an extreme energy-saving scenario by shutting down unused extra I/O controllers and reduces the graphics cards' power level while you're away, so the PC consumes only the energy it needs — and not a drop more! Advanced fan controls for ultimate cooling and quietness EPU Fan Xpert 3 puts 4-pin/3-pin CPU and case fan controls in one place. It scans each fan's characteristics and delivers custom settings for each fan based on the dedicated area temperatures detected by hardware thermal sensors. Make sure every fan achieves the best balance of cooling performance and low noise. Fan Xpert 3 supports hardware-level PWM/DC combo mode for both the CPU and case fans. It even can reduce the CPU fan speed to below the default minimum, for extra-quiet and power saving operation during light loads. Precise Digital Power Control DIGI+ Power Control Power control is one of the most essential motherboard designs. Intelligent CPU power draw detection with ASUS DIGI+ Power Control is an innovative, industry-leading technology that fully complies with Intel® VRD12.5 specifications, increasing overclocking potential, enhancing system stability, and improving power efficiency with superior flexibility and accurate control. App specific optimization for professionals and gamers Turbo App Gamers and professionals can get benefit from app specific optimizations by the exclusive ASUS Turbo App. Its intuitive tuning panel boosts a range of hardware; overclock your CPU, tune your fans, prioritize network data and optimize audio settings automatically. Media-acclaimed UEFI BIOS The smoothest, slickest mouse-controlled graphical BIOS has been improved to make it even more appealing. Whether you're a PC novice or a seasoned overclocker, the EZ and Advanced Modes help you find your way, quickly and easily. Map to MyFavorite: Quickly find tuning options and add preferred tools to the MyFavorites list! EZ Tuning Wizard – OC and RAID: Select your hardware and use scenarios to tune system performance or streamline your RAID configuration for faster data retrieval and backups! EZ XMP: Improve your DRAM performance with a click! Intuitive graphical fan control: Fine-tune individual fans simply by dragging a curve with the mouse! Real-time hardware monitor: Benefit from instant information from the critical parts of your system! EZ Mode Fan Profile: Detailed CPU and case fan information for instant cooling! SATA Information: Displays SATA port details for you to easily recognize devices! Fast Clock Adjustment: Use mouse controls to change the time and date! EZ XMP: Improve your DRAM performance with a click! Advanced Mode GPU POST: Find more info about your graphics cards and slot bandwidth allocation. Great for 2 or 3-way SLI or CrossFireX Shortcut: Press Enter to create shortcuts to favorite settings, or select an existing shortcut and press F4 to go straight there! Quick Notes: Make notes and capture BIOS-related ideas, quickly and conveniently! Last Modified Log: Track last change and save preferred profiles onto a USB drive! SATA Port Renaming: Rename SATA ports for easy identification! Ultra-fast transfer speed 10Gb/s USB 3.1 built in to the board With the latest USB 3.1 connectivity built in and dual Type-A ports for the very fastest USB data transfers, you'll experience data-transfer speeds of up to 10Gbit/s — or twice as fast USB 3.0. The next-generation standard is completely backward-compatible with your existing USB devices, and you'll be all set for USB 3.1's breakneck speeds. And ASUS-exclusive USB 3.1 Boost technology automatically accelerates USB 3.1 performance even further! Evolve your storage speed with SATA Express SATA Express provides up to 10Gbit/s data-transfer speeds from two PCIE 2.0 lanes, resolving the higher bandwidth request in the near future. The current SSDs consume up to 550MB/s, which is close to saturation point for SATA 6Gbit/s connections. Backwardly compatible with up to two SATA drives, SATA Express is the next-generation connectivity standard — and ensures that you and your system won't get left behind. Speed up with onboard M.2 up to 32Gb/s With a 4 x PCI Express 3.0/2.0 bandwidth, M.2 supports up to 32Gb/s data-transfer speeds. It is the perfect choice for an operating system or application drive, making your whole PC or professional apps work as fast as possible. For Gamers and Professionals App specific optimization for professionals and gamers Turbo App Gamers and professionals can get benefit from app specific optimizations by the exclusive ASUS Turbo App. Its intuitive tuning panel boosts a range of hardware; overclock your CPU, tune your fans, prioritize network data and optimize audio settings automatically. Networking boost Prioritized game data for no-lag gameplay! Speed boost Easy overclocking for ultra-fast gaming performance! Sound boost Advanced audio design for crystal-clear sound and in-game chat! Fan boost Optimize fan settings for extreme cooling and quietness Flawless audio that makes you part of the game Crystal Sound 2 Crystal Sound 2 makes short work of optimizing audio settings for the way you want to listen, be it gaming, chatting, watching movies or relaxing to your favorite music. Onboard physical shielding, professional engineered design and premium components, including Japanese-made audio capacitors and operational amplifiers (op-amps), result in sound output that has exceptional clarity and fidelity. Discover a whole new dimension of superior audio and get ready to rule! Audio Shielding Ensures precision analog/digital separation and greatly reduced multi-lateral interference EMI protection Prevents electrical noise to affect the audio quality Unique de-pop circuit Reduces start-up popping noise to all audio outputs Audio amplifier Enhances the highest quality sound for headphone and speakers Premium Japanese-made audio capacitors Provides warm, natural and immersive sound with exceptional clarity and fidelity Dedicated audio PCB layers Separate layers for left and right channels to guard the quality of the sensitive audio signals A double win for gaming! The difference between defeat and victory can be measured in milliseconds. That's why ASUS motherboards are equipped with state-of-the-art networking technology that puts your frags first! Turbo LAN Turbo LAN with cFosSpeed traffic-shaping technology adds even more lag-reducing support and intuitive user interface. It allows you to lower lag with no expert knowledge – by up to 1.45X! If you're a tweaker, use Advanced Mode for hardcore controls. Real-time speed monitor Grouping your own favorite list Set priority to speed up for your application *Testing configuration: Intel® Core™ i7-4770K CPU @ 3.50 GHz ¦ Z97-DELUXE ¦ Transcend JM1600KLH-16GK DDR3 1600MHz*2 ¦ Windows Win8.1 Ultimate 64bit Intel® Gigabit Ethernet —top gaming choice that goes faster with your CPU Faster, smoother gaming – always. Intel® Gigabit Ethernet has the serious double advantage of communicating directly with CPUs and offering high TCP and UDP throughput. This significantly reduces the processor's workload, so there's more power for your game and your gameplay. Up to 2X-faster UDP game-data performance ASUS engineers used IxChariot, an independent network-assessment test tool, to determine just how much quicker Intel Gigabit Ethernet deals with the smaller (sub-256 byte) UDP data packets that are vital for responsive gaming. The results are in — and with X99 your game-data packets flow up to two times (2X) faster than competing gaming-LAN technologies! Multi-GPU support With support for both NVIDIA® SLI™ and AMD CrossFireX™ 2/3-WAY configurations, the X99 motherboard enables multi-GPU setups so you can harness the full power of the latest graphics technologies to drive games at 4K and beyond. CPU 40 Lane 3-Way/2-Way CPU 28 Lane 3-Way/2-Way Learn more about the ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 Model| Brand ASUS Model X99-A/USB 3.1 Supported CPU| CPU Socket Type LGA 2011-v3 CPU Type Core i7 (LGA2011-v3) Supported CPU Technologies Turbo Boost Technology 2.0 Chipsets| Chipset Intel X99 Onboard Video| Onboard Video Chipset None Memory| Number of Memory Slots 8×288pin Memory Standard DDR4 3300*(*O.C.)/ 3200*/ 3000*/ 2800*/ 2666*/ 2400*/ 2133 Non-ECC, Un-buffered Maximum Memory Supported 64GB Expansion Slots| PCI Express 3.0 x16 40-Lane CPU - 3 x PCIe 3.0/2.0 x16 (x16, x16/x16, x16/x16/x8) *1 28-Lane CPU - 3 x PCIe 3.0/2.0 x16 ( x16, x16/x8, x16/x8/x4) *2 1* The PCIe x16_4 shares bandwidth with M.2 x4. When M.2 socket is occupied, the PCIe x16_4 slot will be disabled. 2* The PCIe x16_4 shares bandwidth with M.2 x4. When M.2 socket is occupied, the PCIe x16_4 slot will be disabled.The PCIe x16_3 slot support x8 devices only. PCI Express 2.0 x16 28-Lane CPU - 1 x PCIe 2.0 x16 (x4 mode) *3 3* The PCIe x16_2, PCIe x1_1 and USB3_E56 connectors share the same bandwidth. By default, the PCIe x16_2 slot and PCIe x1_1 slot will automatically run at x1 mode with USB3_E56 enabled for best resource optimization. PCI Express x1 28-Lane CPU - 2 x PCIe 2.0 x1 (x1 mode) *3 3* The PCIe x16_2, PCIe x1_1 and USB3_E56 connectors share the same bandwidth. By default, the PCIe x16_2 slot and PCIe x1_1 slot will automatically run at x1 mode with USB3_E56 enabled for best resource optimization. Storage Devices| SATA 6Gb/s 8 x SATA 6Gb/s port(s) *4 4* Due to chipset behavior, The SATA6G_78, SATA6G_910 ports (black) do not support IRST including RAID configuration. SATA Express 1 x SATA Express port, compatible with 2 x SATA 6.0 Gb/s ports M.2 1 x M.2 Socket 3, with M Key, type 2242/2260/2280/22110 storage devices support (Support PCIE SSD only) SATA RAID 0/1/5/10 Onboard Audio| Audio Chipset Realtek ALC1150 Audio Channels 8 Channels Onboard LAN| LAN Chipset Intel I218V Max LAN Speed 10/100/1000Mbps Rear Panel Ports| PS/2 1 x PS/2 keyboard/mouse port RJ45 1 x LAN (RJ45) port(s) USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.1 (teal blue) USB 3.0 4 x USB 3.0 (blue) USB 1.1/2.0 4 x USB 2.0 S/PDIF Out 1 x Optical Audio Ports 5 Ports Internal I/O Connectors| Onboard USB 2 x USB 3.0 connector(s) support(s) additional 4 USB 3.0 port(s) (19-pin) 2 x USB 2.0 connector(s) support(s) additional 4 USB 2.0 port(s) Other Connectors 1 x AAFP connector 1 x TPM connector(s) 1 x COM port(s) connector(s) 1 x CPU Fan connector(s) (1 x 4 -pin) 1 x CPU OPT Fan connector(s) (1 x 4 -pin) 4 x Chassis Fan connector(s) (4 x 4 -pin) 1 x S/PDIF out header(s) 1 x Thunderbolt header(s) 1 x 24-pin EATX Power connector(s) 1 x 8-pin ATX 12V Power connector(s) 1 x EZ XMP switch 1 x System panel(s) (Q-Connector) 1 x Chassis Intrusion connector(s) 1 x DRCT header(s) 1 x MemOK! button(s) 1 x Thermal sensor connector(s) 1 x TPU switch(es) 1 x EPU switch(es) 1 x CPU/DRAM overvoltage jumper(s) 1 x Power-on button(s) 1 x Reset button(s) 1 x Clear CMOS jumper(s) 1 x 5-pin EXT_FAN(Extension Fan) connector Physical Spec| Form Factor ATX Dimensions (W x L) 12.0" x 9.6" Power Pin 24 Pin Features| Features Ultra-fast 10Gb/s USB 3.1 built in to the board Patent Pending OC Socket - Drive CPU and DDR4 performance beyond all expectations! 5-Way Optimization by Dual Intelligent Processors 5 - One click overclock and cooling, done! 32Gb/s ultrafast M.2 x4 Crystal Sound 2 - Flawless audio that makes you part of the game! Total control anytime, anywhere with Remote GO! Special Features 5-Way Optimization by Dual Intelligent Processors 5 - Whole system optimization with a single click! 5-Way Optimization tuning key perfectly consolidates TPU, EPU, DIGI+ Power Control, Fan Xpert 3, and Turbo App together, providing better CPU performance, efficient power saving, precise digital power control, whole system cooling and even tailor your own app usages. ASUS 5X Protection: - ASUS DIGI+ VRM - 8 Phase digital power design - ASUS Enhanced DRAM Overcurrent Protection - Short circuit damage prevention - ASUS ESD Guards - Enhanced ESD protection - ASUS High-Quality 5K-Hour Solid Capacitors - 2.5x long lifespan with excellent durability - ASUS Stainless Steel Back I/O - 3x more durable corrosion-resistant coating ASUS TPU: - Auto Tuning - GPU Boost - TPU switch ASUS EPU: - EPU switch ASUS Digital Power Design: - Industry leading Digital 8 Phase Power Design - Industry leading Digital 4 Phase DRAM Power Design - CPU Power Utility - DRAM Power Utility ASUS Exclusive Features: - Remote GO! - USB BIOS Flashback - MemOK! - AI Suite 3 - Ai Charger+ - USB Charger+ - M.2 & SATA Express - Anti-Surge - Onboard Button: Power/Reset - ASUS UEFI BIOS EZ Mode featuring friendly graphics user interface - USB 3.1 Boost - Disk Unlocker - Turbo LAN - Crystal Sound 2 Interactive HomeCloud - Media Streamer ASUS EZ DIY: - Precision Tweaker 2 - ASUS O.C. Tuner - ASUS CrashFree BIOS 3 - ASUS EZ Flash 2 - ASUS USB BIOS Flashback - Push Notice ASUS Q-Design: - ASUS Q-Shield - ASUS Q-Code - ASUS Q-LED (CPU, DRAM, VGA, Boot Device LED) - ASUS Q-Slot Packaging| Package Contents Accessories: User's manual ASUS Q-Shield 4 x SATA 6Gb/s cable(s) 1 x SLI bridge(s) 1 x Q-connector(s) (2 in 1) Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 3 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 3 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 1-510-739-3777 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund within: non-refundable Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Replacement-Only Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Receive a USD $30 prepaid card by mail from ASUS! Offer expires on 11/30/16. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form Best Service Sellers PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (2,256) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (9,959) Ships from United States. OutletPC Sold and Shipped by: OutletPC Ask OutletPC about: ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (1,149) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (681) Ships from United States. HPP ENTERPRISES Sold and Shipped by: HPP ENTERPRISES Ask HPP ENTERPRISES about: ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (727) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $229.99 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Get Educated Make informed decisions with expert advice. Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
