Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. ARB_gpu_shader_int64 Lands For Intel Mesa Git Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 20 January 2017 at 09:37 PM EST. 3 Comments There's some early feature development work that's landed in Mesa Git this Friday as the initial feature development towards Mesa 17.1. Ian Romanick of Intel has landed his ARB_gpu_shader_int64 extension support. This INT64 Mesa support and the Intel driver implementation has been going on for a few months now but has gotten into shape. If the extension name isn't a big enough hint, this GL extension is about introducing 64-bit integer support for OpenGL shaders. Won't be too useful for Linux gamers, but nevertheless is an important step for having the open-source OpenGL drivers step closer to the proprietary drivers. Fetch the code from Git and this ARB_gpu_shader_int64 Intel Mesa support is for Broadwell hardware and newer. 3 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News I Bent A Kabylake CPU & It Still Works Beignet 1.3 Released With OpenCL 2.0 Support Expanded Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Support Is Being Worked On For Linux Experimenting With Virtual GPU Support On Linux 4.10 + Libvirt Ivy Bridge Patches For OpenGL 4.0 In Mesa Updated Mesa 17.0 Git Lands OpenGL 4.5 Support For Intel Haswell Popular News PulseAudio 10.0 Officially Released Google Developers Working On Gaming Protocol For Wayland Firefox 51 Released With FLAC Audio Support, WebGL 2.0 By Default Librecore: Aiming To Be A Better Libre Spin Of Coreboot Text To Speech Goes In As A Tech Preview For Qt 5.8 Solus Linux Working On A Flatpak-Based, Optimized Steam Runtime Latest Linux News Wine 2.0 Makes Its Debut Khronos Open-Sources OpenGL / OpenGL ES Conformance Tests Arch Linux Preparing To Deprecate i686 Support I Bent A Kabylake CPU & It Still Works NVIDIA Issues Vulkan Linux Driver Beta With The New 1.0.39 Extensions Qt 5.9 Feature Freeze Soon, Adds Experimental Qt Quick OpenVG Backend systemd 228 Had A Local Root Exploit On-Disk Shader Cache Revised For Mesa, Close To Landing Microsoft Open-Sources DirectX Shader Compiler Vulkan 1.0.39 Adds A Number Of New Extensions Latest Featured Articles ASUS PRIME Z270-P Kabylake Motherboard Works Fine On Linux Intel Core i3 7100 Kabylake Linux Benchmarks Nouveau Maxwell: Mesa 17.0 + Linux 4.10 vs. NVIDIA's Linux Driver GCC 7.0 vs. 6.3 vs. 5.4 vs. 4.9 Compiler Benchmarks On Linux x86_64 Intel Kabylake: Windows 10 vs. Linux OpenGL Performance Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Trending: Which mobile data provider is best? Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Want to run your own Amazon 'region'? Stratoscale shows you how Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The essential guide to anti-malware tools The state of the IT contractor job market in 2017 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Robotics News Details emerge about Intel's super-small Euclid computer for robots Intel's Euclid computer for robots operates on a battery, has an HDMI port, 3D RealSense camera, an Atom processor and a range wireless sensors By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 20, 2017 2:38 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Agam Shah More like this Intel's new computer can serve as the brains of robots Intel ships $399 Aero board to make drones, and a $249 robotics kit Intel ships Joule 550x computer, but initial units overpriced Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel is getting proficient at developing small computers. First, came its Compute Sticks and then its credit-card-shaped Compute Cards. But nothing's quite like the mysterious Euclid, which is a self-contained computer the size of a thumb designed to be the brains and eyes of a robot. More details have emerged about the computer, which was announced in August and has yet to be released. The Euclid is so small and light that it can be held like a pen. It has a built-in 3D RealSense camera, making it like a PC fused into a Microsoft Kinect. The design makes it possible to install the Euclid where the eyes of a human-like robot would be typically placed. The 3D RealSense camera will act as the eyes of a robot, capturing images in real-time and helping with movement. Euclid has motion and position sensors that can help the robot move around both indoors and outdoors. Intel demonstrated the Euclid computer in a robot moving on stage during CEO Brian Krzanich's keynote at the Intel Developer Forum in August. The Euclid Developer Kit launch page is up on the website of Mouser Electronics. Intel didn't provide a specific launch date or pricing. Once the Euclid is placed in a robot, it can be operated remotely through a mobile device or PC. The Euclid has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity to communicate with the PC. The Euclid can also "serve as a full, autonomous brain with sensing capabilities, or as a smart sensor controlled by a more powerful computer," Mouser states on its website. The computer has GPS capabilities for navigation. The Euclid presentation about RealSense technologies was delivered last year at the Roscon robotics conference. The Atom CPU provides the horsepower to process and analyze the images collected by the 3D camera. The CPU will drive a robot's movement and help it complete tasks. The ZR300 is a 1080p camera bundled with an infrared camera and an infrared laser projector. The combined features will help robots get a better sense of depth and motion, which will aid in movement. The device operates on a battery and has environmental sensors on the back. One sensor is a barometric pressure sensor. Additionally, it has a microphone and speakers, and HDMI and USB 3.0 slots. Euclid supports Linux-based Ubuntu OS and Robotics Operating System (ROS), which typically sits on top of an OS. It will also support Arduino, a software package commonly used by developers to create basic electronics. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Robotics Computer Hardware Linux Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper Benefits of As-a-Service Models for Branch Infrastructure Video/Webcast Sponsored Spot and Correct Failures Fast: Using Hadoop in the Cloud - an IBM Webinar White Paper The Evolution of Consumer Identity: Five Predictions for 2016 White Paper Turning Anonymous Shoppers into Known Customers White Paper Why Identity is at the Heart of the IoT Go Top Stories HP recalls 101,000 more laptop batteries for fire hazard HP is recalling more laptop batteries that pose a fire hazard and could cause computer damage. 30 tasty tips for Android Nougat Take full advantage of your phone's latest features with this collection of 30 tips for Android Nougat... Why Apple will make smart glasses Instead of making unfashionable smart glasses, Apple will make fashionable glasses smart. Silicon Valley speaks up against intolerance A viral ad from Amazon has gotten a lot of attention, but it’s even better that several companies are... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 求人 広告主様へ Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS Fujitsu releases 18 new enterprise PC, tablet and workstation models New Products Jan. 21, 2017 - 06:30AM JST ( 0 ) Fujitsu's LIFEBOOK U937/P TOKYO — Fujitsu Limited and Fujitsu Client Computing Limited have released 18 new enterprise models in 12 product series, including nine laptop models in four series, four tablet models in three series, one desktop PC model, and four workstation models in four series. The new models are being rolled out in stages. In its Notebook LIFEBOOK family of laptops, Fujitsu is offering the new ultra-lightweight mobile LIFEBOOK U937/P, which weighs 799g or less, as well as the new folding convertible LIFEBOOK P727/P, which can also be used as a tablet. In addition, all nine LIFEBOOK models feature processors from the latest 7th generation Intel Core processor family. In the Tablet ARROWS Tab family of Windows tablets, Fujitsu is offering the new handheld ARROWS Tab V567/P tablet that features a full version of Windows 10 Pro on a 6.0” palm-sized device. In its Desktop ESPRIMO family of desktop PCs, Fujitsu is offering a new model featuring a processor from the latest 7th generation Intel Core processor family. In its Workstation CELSIUS family of workstations, Fujitsu is strengthening the lineup by offering four models that all support the Windows 10 Anniversary Update. In addition, Fujitsu is also now offering the ESPRIMO Q956/MRE, which features the Intel Unite Solution for sharing screens in meeting rooms. The Fujitsu Group is supporting the operations of its customers across a variety of industries by expanding the functionality of its various product lines. Main Features of the New Products The new ultra-light 13.3” LIFEBOOK U937/P, with a weight of 799g or less, a thickness of 15.5 mm, and added mobility, is available in two colors, black and red. In addition, Fujitsu has launched the new 12.5” LIFEBOOK P727/P folding convertible laptop, which, in addition to its normal notebook mode, can be used in a variety of forms, such as tent mode, stand mode and tablet mode, depending on the usage situation, because the screen can be rotated 360 degrees. Moreover, the entire laptop lineup has been strengthened by including processors from the latest 7th generation Intel Core processor family. The new 6.0” palm-sized ARROWS Tab V567/P tablet, a Windows-based ARROWS Tab, features a full version of Windows 10 that can be immediately used for existing tasks. The compact body is 85.4 mm wide, fitting in one hand, and weighs about 280g, roughly the same as a personal organizer, preventing fatigue even with lengthy operations. Users can easily carry this tablet, without worrying about finding a place to set up. Fujitsu has newly added the ESPRIMO D957/P, featuring a processor from the latest 7th generation Intel Core processor family, to the ESPRIMO lineup of desktop PCs. In its CELSIUS family of workstations, Fujitsu has strengthened the lineup by adding four models supporting the Windows 10 Anniversary Update to its R, M, C and H series. Fujitsu is also launching the new ESPRIMO Q956/MRE, featuring the Intel Unite Solution which maximizes the efficiency of meetings through such features as wireless screen sharing and file sharing during meetings. Using this solution supports smarter business meetings and promotes evolution of the workplace environment. Laptops range in price from 164,600 yen to 344,300 yen. Tablets range from 147,300 yen to 187,300 yen and CELSIUS Workstations from 346,900 yen to 661,000 yen. Tweet Back to top 0 Comments Login to comment Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight A Baby-Friendly Cinema Experience MORI LIVINGLuxury Living How to Enjoy Traditional Japanese Inn, Ryokan. Ms GreenTravel / Hotels Undergraduate: Information session (February 19) Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA Special Offers 5th Annual AJE Summer Camp Offer ends: n/a Work in Japan Search the Largest English Job Board in Japan. Find a Job Now! More in New Products Drone-mountable 4k camera module Jan. 24, 2017 - 05:49AM JST ( 0 ) Wristwatch-like blood pressure meter Jan. 18, 2017 - 05:53AM JST ( 1 ) Green tea Cup Noodle Jan. 16, 2017 - 06:17AM JST ( 0 ) 360-degree omnidirectional camera for 24-hour live-streaming Jan. 14, 2017 - 06:19AM JST ( 1 ) New smart outdoor watch with GPS Jan. 12, 2017 - 06:22AM JST ( 3 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 APA hotel chain under fire over book denying Rape of Nanking 163 2 Trump's 'war with the media' raises questions of trust 97 3 Promises, pomp and protests as Trump sworn in 97 4 Trump pulls U.S. out of TPP; raps Japan, China over trade 77 5 Protectionist policies such as the withdrawal from TPP and renegotiation of NAFTA will have a negative impact on the global economy including Japan's. These policies only enhance protectionist and populist movement spreading around the world, and could largely shake the free trade system that has supported global growth. 76 View all Utrack Jan. 25, 2017 - 06:12AM JST I want to have a coloring book.... odd to say at my age but I want… Posted in: Book lets you add color to famous kabuki scenes and characters gcbel Jan. 25, 2017 - 05:34AM JST Apparently, U.S. tax dollars were being used to pay for non-government organizations to provide abortions outside… Posted in: Trump bans federal funding for foreign NGOs that support abortion arrestpaul Jan. 25, 2017 - 05:23AM JST Simon Foston - I don't see why they should be. Trump's supporters are in a minority.… Posted in: Trump's 'war with the media' raises questions of trust Yubaru Jan. 25, 2017 - 05:20AM JST Prime Ministers can quit the job for whatever lame reason they find even within weeks in… Posted in: Japan enters uncharted waters over emperor's abdication SuperLib Jan. 25, 2017 - 05:17AM JST The United States is not a party to the South China Sea issue.” If our ships… Posted in: China says it will not back down on South China Sea View all Find Your Apartment in Japan 10,000’s of properties available today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us facebook twitter RSS
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: Have you heard of Phoronix Premium? It's what complements advertisements on this site for our premium ad-free service. For as little as $3 USD per month, you can help support our site while the funds generated allow us to keep doing Linux hardware reviews, performance benchmarking, maintain our community forums, and much more. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Beignet 1.3 Released With OpenCL 2.0 Support Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 20 January 2017 at 05:35 PM EST. 20 Comments Intel developers today announced the release of Beignet 1.3 and it's by far their most significant release yet for this open-source OpenCL implementation for Intel graphics hardware. Beignet 1.3 is significant in that it introduces OpenCL 2.0 support for Skylake hardware and newer. At the end of the year in Git is when they crossed the OpenCL 2.0 milestone for Skylake+ after years of work on this open-source OpenCL Linux implementation for HD/Iris Graphics hardware while today marks the stable release. Aside from OpenCL 2.0 support for newer Intel hardware, Beignet 1.3 also has OpenCL event and enqueue module re-implemented, OpenCL runtime driver refinements, LLVM 3.9 support, cl_khr_gl_sharing support, intel_subgroups_short support, faster compiling of large kernels, register allocation improvements, and bug fixes. Beignet 1.3 is a heck of a release and I look forward to benchmarking it over the weekend. More details on Beignet 1.3 via today's release announcement. This is a huge milestone for open-source OpenCL drivers with the Clover OpenCL Gallium3D effort basically being dead, AMD's ROCm OpenCL efforts not yet fully open, and while NVIDIA's proprietary Linux driver is in good shape there isn't any reliable open-source NVIDIA OpenCL compute support at this time. 20 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News I Bent A Kabylake CPU & It Still Works ARB_gpu_shader_int64 Lands For Intel Mesa Git Expanded Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Support Is Being Worked On For Linux Experimenting With Virtual GPU Support On Linux 4.10 + Libvirt Ivy Bridge Patches For OpenGL 4.0 In Mesa Updated Mesa 17.0 Git Lands OpenGL 4.5 Support For Intel Haswell Popular News PulseAudio 10.0 Officially Released Google Developers Working On Gaming Protocol For Wayland Firefox 51 Released With FLAC Audio Support, WebGL 2.0 By Default Librecore: Aiming To Be A Better Libre Spin Of Coreboot Text To Speech Goes In As A Tech Preview For Qt 5.8 Solus Linux Working On A Flatpak-Based, Optimized Steam Runtime Latest Linux News Wine 2.0 Makes Its Debut Khronos Open-Sources OpenGL / OpenGL ES Conformance Tests Arch Linux Preparing To Deprecate i686 Support I Bent A Kabylake CPU & It Still Works NVIDIA Issues Vulkan Linux Driver Beta With The New 1.0.39 Extensions Qt 5.9 Feature Freeze Soon, Adds Experimental Qt Quick OpenVG Backend systemd 228 Had A Local Root Exploit On-Disk Shader Cache Revised For Mesa, Close To Landing Microsoft Open-Sources DirectX Shader Compiler Vulkan 1.0.39 Adds A Number Of New Extensions Latest Featured Articles ASUS PRIME Z270-P Kabylake Motherboard Works Fine On Linux Intel Core i3 7100 Kabylake Linux Benchmarks Nouveau Maxwell: Mesa 17.0 + Linux 4.10 vs. NVIDIA's Linux Driver GCC 7.0 vs. 6.3 vs. 5.4 vs. 4.9 Compiler Benchmarks On Linux x86_64 Intel Kabylake: Windows 10 vs. Linux OpenGL Performance Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms The iPhone maker also says Qualcomm punished it for helping a South Korean probe into the chipmaker's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Sarah Tew/CNET Mobile by Shara Tibken January 20, 2017 1:05 PM PST @sharatibken Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Apple's latest lawsuit target? Qualcomm. The iPhone maker on Friday filed suit against Qualcomm, alleging the wireless chipmaker didn't give fair licensing terms for its processor technology. Apple also said Qualcomm sought to punish it for cooperating in a South Korean investigation into Qualcomm's licensing practices by withholding a $1 billion rebate. Apple wants a court to lower the amount it pays Qualcomm in licensing fees, as well as order the return of the $1 billion. The company said in its suit that Qualcomm should be paid royalties based on the value of its particular contribution, not for contributions from other patent holders. Currently, Qualcomm's royalties are based off the selling price of a phone, rather than what portion Qualcomm's technology enabled. "For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with," Apple said in a statement. "The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations." Qualcomm, meanwhile, fired back at Apple's allegations, calling them "baseless." Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm executive vice president and general counsel, said in a statement: Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent [South Korean Fair Trade Commission] decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits. Qualcomm is the world's biggest provider of mobile chips, and it created some of the essential standards for connecting phones to cellular networks. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from licensing that technology to other chipmakers. Apple designs the processors in its iPhones and iPads, but it buys chips from Qualcomm to connect to 4G LTE and other cellular networks. Under Qualcomm's licensing structure, Apple pays it a fee for its chips and another fee for the intellectual property included in those chips. Most components suppliers bundle the IP cost in with the chip sales price. See also Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says Qualcomm hit with $850M fine in South Korea antitrust probe Why your AT&T iPhone 7 won't work well on Verizon's network For the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus introduced this year, Apple also started buying 4G LTE chips from another supplier, Intel. Because Intel's chips use some of Qualcomm's essential technology, Apple pays Qualcomm a licensing fee for those processors, as well, which is based off the total value of the iPhone ($650) versus the value of the Intel chip (closer to $20). Apple says Qualcomm's practices are unfair, as are the clauses in Qualcomm's licensing terms that prevent Apple from seeking out other suppliers or participating in government inquiries into Qualcomm's practices. "This will likely be troublesome for Qualcomm who, by virtue of being so far ahead technologically with so much market share, has a painted target on its back," Moor Insights & Strategy analyst Patrick Moorhead said. Monopoly? Qualcomm has come under scrutiny in recent years for alleged monopolistic practices. Two years ago, it paid China nearly $1 billion to end a 14-month antitrust investigation in that country. Then, in December, South Korea hit Qualcomm with a $850 million fine following a three-year investigation. The South Korean Fair Trade Commission accused the chipset maker of having an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. Master the bokeh effect on the iPhone 7 Plus The dual-lens camera on Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is finally showing off its full potential with the update to iOS 10.1. We'll show you what the new portrait mode looks like and how to use it. by Vanessa Hand Orellana 2:09 Close Drag Earlier this week, the US jumped into the fray, with the US Federal Trade Commission filing a lawsuit that accused Qualcomm of forcing Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees, excluding competitors and harming competition. In its heavily redacted complaint (PDF), the FTC said the patents Qualcomm held are standard-essential patents -- technology that is essential to the industry and must be licensed to competitors under fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms (FRAND). But the complaint alleges that Qualcomm consistently refused to license some standard-essential patents to rival chipmakers, in violation of its FRAND commitments. Qualcomm said in response to the FTC complaint earlier this week that it "has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms." 10 10 tips every iPhone 7 owner should know Apple, meanwhile, has been involved in plenty of litigation of its own. The company faced off against Samsung at the Supreme Court in October over a design patent case. Ironically, at issue in that suit was whether Samsung had to pay damages based on the entire value of its infringing phones or only on the portion that infringed. The Supreme Court ultimately decided that damages don't have to be based on an entire device and sent the case back to the lower court. Apple on Friday said Qualcomm charges it "at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." The company added that Qualcomm recently withheld nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple "as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them." "Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use," the company said in its statement. "We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts." Apple filed the lawsuit in federal district court in the Southern District of California, Qualcomm's backyard instead of Apple's home in Northern California. The company has asked for a jury trial. Updated at 1:15 p.m. PT with additional details and Apple's comment. Updated at 2:30 p.m. PT with additional background and analyst comment. Updated at 4:40 p.m. PT with Qualcomm's comment. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Components Qualcomm Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 24 Apple's AirPods dancer shills, oh, for Lexus Jan 24 Apple's iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, 'Find My AirPods' Jan 20 Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing terms Jan 20 Apple's largest laptop adds Touch Bar support for serious design apps All Apple Stories Related Stories LG's G6 phone reportedly has rounded edges and thin bezel Samsung's chips make up for Galaxy Note 7 financial woes Apple's iOS 10.3 beta hits with cricket scores, 'Find My AirPods' Verizon stays mum on Yahoo as customer growth rebounds Close   Discuss: Apple sues Qualcomm over unfair licensing... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc. (EGRX) Position Boosted by BlackRock Fund Advisors CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Stake Maintained by Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC Quest Diagnostics Inc. (DGX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Raises Stake in Northwest Natural Gas Co. (NWN) Alaska Air Group Inc. (ALK) Shares Sold by Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Oracle Corp. (ORCL) Shares Bought by BB&T Securities LLC United Technologies Corp. (UTX) Shares Bought by Atlanta Capital Group Equities Analysts Set Expectations for U.S. Bancorp’s FY2019 Earnings (USB) Brokers Set Expectations for Union Pacific Corp.’s FY2019 Earnings (UNP) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Sells 990 Shares of Ensco PLC (ESV) Westpac Banking Corp Has $317,000 Stake in Continental Resources Inc. (CLR) Westpac Banking Corp Buys 50 Shares of Old Dominion Freight Line Inc. (ODFL) Hologic Inc. (HOLX) Given a $48.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity CBL & Associates Properties Inc. (CBL) Position Raised by Northern Trust Corp China Life Insurance Co. (LFC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Bought by Peak Asset Management LLC T2 Biosystems Inc. (TTOO) Given a $9.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity American International Group Inc. Raises Stake in Juniper Networks Inc. (JNPR) Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) Position Boosted by NewSquare Capital LLC Align Technology Inc. (ALGN) Price Target Raised to $110.00 at Jefferies Group Cottage Street Advisors LLC Has $1,749,000 Position in Intel Corp. (INTC) January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cottage Street Advisors LLC lowered its stake in Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 0.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 46,328 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 195 shares during the period. Cottage Street Advisors LLC’s holdings in Intel Corp. were worth $1,749,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 1.8% in the second quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 376,210 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $12,339,000 after buying an additional 6,720 shares during the period. Capital One National Association raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 2.8% in the second quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 68,261 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $2,238,000 after buying an additional 1,885 shares during the period. Kessler Investment Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 14.9% in the second quarter. Kessler Investment Group LLC now owns 70,705 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $2,319,000 after buying an additional 9,144 shares during the period. Telemus Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 53.2% in the second quarter. Telemus Capital LLC now owns 39,173 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,285,000 after buying an additional 13,599 shares during the period. Finally, D. Scott Neal Inc. raised its stake in shares of Intel Corp. by 0.7% in the second quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. now owns 4,969 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $163,000 after buying an additional 35 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 64.83% of the company’s stock. Shares of Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC) traded up 1.01% on Friday, reaching $36.94. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 23,884,966 shares. The company has a market cap of $175.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.33 and a beta of 1.06. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $36.29 and a 200 day moving average price of $35.72. Intel Corp. has a 52-week low of $27.68 and a 52-week high of $38.36. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 18th. The chip maker reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $15.78 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.58 billion. Intel Corp. had a return on equity of 21.05% and a net margin of 17.90%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 9.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.64 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Intel Corp. will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Cottage Street Advisors LLC Has $1,749,000 Position in Intel Corp. (INTC)” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/cottage-street-advisors-llc-has-1749000-position-in-intel-corp-intc.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on INTC shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Intel Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, September 26th. Brean Capital restated a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 price objective (up from $38.00) on shares of Intel Corp. in a report on Thursday, September 22nd. Vetr lowered shares of Intel Corp. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.20 price objective on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Pacific Crest restated a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 price objective on shares of Intel Corp. in a report on Thursday, October 6th. Finally, BlueFin Research restated a “buy” rating on shares of Intel Corp. in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, thirty-two have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.87. In other news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total value of $2,884,570.99. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 394,406 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $14,391,874.94. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP Venkata S. M. Renduchintala sold 13,997 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.92, for a total value of $488,775.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 817 shares in the company, valued at approximately $28,529.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 104,655 shares of company stock worth $3,776,573. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Intel Corp. Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login 'Metamaterial' can switch from soft to hard - and back again The Future IRL: Our Jetsons future has arrived Google X co-founder Yoky Matsuoka returns to Nest Latest in Culture US law enforcement can't ask companies to turn over foreign data 1h ago View Trump administration freezes grants and contracts at the EPA 2h ago View VR out-of-body experience could help assuage the fear of death 3h ago View Online learning improves when you feel like you belong 5h ago View Image credit: Getty Creative save Save share How artificial intelligence can be corrupted to repress free speech It's easier than you think, even here in America. Andrew Tarantola, @terrortola 01.20.17 in Robots Comments 2008 Shares Share Tweet Share Save The internet was supposed to become an overwhelming democratizing force against illiberal administrations. It didn't. It was supposed to open repressed citizens' eyes, expose them to new democratic ideals and help them rise up against their authoritarian governments in declaring their basic human rights. It hasn't. It was supposed to be inherently resistant to centralized control. It isn't. In fact, in many countries, the internet, the very thing that was supposed to smash down the walls of authoritarianism like a sledgehammer of liberty, has been instead been co-opted by those very regimes in order to push their own agendas while crushing dissent and opposition. And with the emergence of conversational AI -- the technology at the heart of services like Google's Allo and Jigsaw or Intel's Hack Harassment initiative -- these governments could have a new tool to further censor their citizens. Turkey, Brazil, Egypt, India and Uganda have all shut off internet access when politically beneficial to their ruling parties. Nations like Singapore, Russia and China all exert outsize control over the structure and function of their national networks, often relying on a mix of political, technical and social schemes to control the flow of information within their digital borders. The effects of these policies are self-evident. According to a 2016 report from internet-liberty watchdog Freedom House, two-thirds of all internet users reside in countries where criticism of the ruling administration is censored -- 27 percent of them live in nations where posting, sharing or supporting unpopular opinions on social media can get you arrested. Take China. An anonymous source within Facebook last November claimed to the NYT that the company had developed an automated censorship tool for the Communist Party of China -- a token of loyalty CEO Mark Zuckerberg hopes will open the Chinese market to the Western social network. While Facebook likely won't censor user-generated content directly, the effect will be the same if the tool is used by a third-party company in China. If Facebook is willing to do that in China, what's to stop the company from doing the same here in America at the behest of a Trump administration? What's to keep Twitter, Instagram (which is owned by FB) or Snapchat from following suit? Twitter, Facebook and Intel all declined to comment for this story. However, Dr. Toby Walsh, a leading researcher of AI and current guest professor at the Technical University of Berlin, believes such an outcome is plausible. "When we think of 1984-like scenarios, AI is definitely an enabling technology," he said. Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Alibaba's Jack Ma speak at the China Development Forum 2016 -- VCG via Getty Images While China has slowly warmed to capitalist markets and a more open economy, the CPC has long maintained a tight grip on digital culture. A quarter of the world's population -- nearly 700 million people -- are online in China. Ninety percent of web users in that nation access the web from a mobile device and, in 2015 alone, more than 40 million new users signed on for the first time. And yet, some of the biggest cultural stories in China's modern history simply don't exist within its borders. All references to the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown have been so thoroughly scrubbed from the Chinese national internet that, in 2015, financial institutions were reportedly unable to accept monetary transfers that included a 4 or 6 because those digits refer to the protests' June 4th anniversary. Of course, there is no such thing as perfect security. "People are creative in how they work around such systems," Jason I. Hong, associate professor at the Human Computer Interaction Institute at Carnegie Mellon University, wrote to Engadget. "In China, people sometimes refer to Tiananmen Square protests as May 35 (June 4), which evaded censors for a while." What's more, according to GreatFire.org, around 3,000 websites had been blocked by the country's government as of 2015. Those include Google, Facebook, Twitter and The New York Times. This ubiquitous censorship is a testament to China's top-down design for its national network. Essentially, Chinese censorship halts the flow of dissenting ideas before they can even start by continually keeping an eye on you. Unlike in the US, Chinese ISPs and websites are legally liable for what their users post, which has forced them into becoming unofficial editors for the state. So much as linking to political opinions critical of the CPC's conduct is a prosecutable offense. By keeping ISPs and websites under threat of closure, the government is able to leverage that additional labor force to help monitor a larger population than it would otherwise be able to. A conversational AI system would be able to accomplish the same effect more efficiently and at an even larger scale. State censorship even extends to social media. This past July, the Cyberspace Administration of China, the administration in charge of online censorship, issued new rules to websites and service providers that enabled the government to punish any outlet that publishes "directly as news reports unverified content found on online platforms such as social media." That is, if a news organization gets a tip from a reader via Weibo, that organization is going to be fined or shuttered. "It means political control of the media to ensure regime stability," David Bandurski of the University of Tokyo told The New York Times. "There is nothing at all ambiguous about the language, and it means we have to understand that 'fake news' will be stopped on political grounds, even if it is patently true and professionally verifiable." It's not that bad here in America, yet. Over the past 20 years, "self-expression has proliferated exponentially. And the Supreme Court, especially the Roberts Court, has been, on the main, a strong defender of free expression," Danielle Keats Citron, professor of law at the University of Maryland Carey School of Law, wrote to Engadget. Historically, the court has upheld specific forms of speech like snuff films, video-game violence and falsified military-service claims because they don't meet the intentionally narrow threshold for unprotected speech -- like yelling "fire" in a crowded theater. "At the same time," Keats Citron continued, "much expression occurs on third-party platforms whose speech decisions are not regulated by the First Amendment." A sizable portion of this expression takes the form of online harassment -- just look at the Gamergate, Pizzagate, Lizard Squad and Sad/Rabid Puppies debacles, or the cowardly attacks on Leslie Jones for her role in the GhostBusters reboot. Heck, even Donald Trump, the newly-installed president of the United States, has leveraged his Twitter feed and followers to attack those critical of his policies. "The thing to remember about these platforms is that the thing that makes them so powerful -- that so many people are on them -- is also what makes them so uniquely threatening to freedom of speech," Frank Pasquale, professor of law at the University of Maryland Carey School of Law said. All of this hate and vitriol has a stifling effect on speech. When constantly inundated with this abuse, many rational people prefer to remain silent or log off entirely, as Ms. Jones did. Either way, the effect is the same: The harassment acts as a form of peer censorship. However, a number of the biggest names in technology are working to leverage machine-learning algorithms and artificial intelligence to combat this online scourge. And why not? It certainly worked in League of Legends. The popular game managed to reduce toxic language and the abuse of other players by 11 percent and 6.2 percent, respectively, after LoL's developer, RiotGames, instituted an automated notification system that reminded players not to be jerks at various points throughout each match. Intel CEO Brian M. Krzanich speaking at the 2016 Intel AI Day in San Francisco -- YouTube Intel's Hack Harassment initiative, for another example, is "a cooperative effort with the mission of reducing the prevalence and severity of online harassment," according to Intel PR. Intel is developing an AI tool in conjunction with Vox Media and the Born This Way Foundation that actively "detects and deters" online harassment with the goal of eventually creating and releasing an open API. Ina Fried, senior editor at ReCode, spoke with Intel's Lori Smith-DeYoung about the program at the 2016 Intel AI Day in San Francisco last November. "Online harassment is a problem that technology created, so it's actually kind of important that we as an industry help solve it," Fried explained. ReCode's role is "really just talking about the issue, amplifying it and bringing voices to the issue showing the problem." The group has already built a demo app that looks at tweets and identifies content that constitutes harassment. It can warn users about their actions before they hit send or the system could, in theory, be built "into online communities and help monitor [harassment] and prevent some of it from being seen, or at least be seen as prevalently." Google has undertaken a similar effort with recently acquired subsidiary, Jigsaw. The team's Conversation AI system operates on the same fundamentals as Hack Harassment. It leverages machine learning to autonomously spot abusive language. "I want to use the best technology we have at our disposal to begin to take on trolling and other nefarious tactics that give hostile voices disproportionate weight," Jigsaw president, Jared Cohen, told Wired. "To do everything we can to level the playing field." One major hurdle for these systems is sarcasm -- something even people have trouble discerning in online writing without the help of additional contextual clues like emoji. "Context is crucial to many free-speech questions like whether a threat amounts to a true threat and whether a person is a limited-purpose public figure," professor Keats Citron told Engadget. "Yet often the full context of a threat or a person's public-figure status depends upon a wide array of circumstances--not just what happens on Twitter or Facebook but the whole picture of the interaction." In Conversation AI's case, Jigsaw's engineers educated the machine-learning system by inundating it with roughly 17 million flagged comments from The New York Times website. It was also exposed to 130,000 bits of text from Wikipedia discussions. All of the Wiki snippets were also viewed by a crowdsourced 10-person panel that independently determined if each one constituted a "personal attack" or harassment. After providing the system all of these examples, Conversation AI can recognize harassment a startling 92 percent of the time with only a 10 percent false-positive rate compared to a 10-member human panel. The results are so impressive that the NYT now employs the system to auto-block abusive comments before they can be vetted by a human moderator. The team hopes to further improve the system's accuracy by expanding its scope to look at long-term trends like the number of posts a certain account has made over a set period of time. Both of these programs are pursuing a noble goal. However, it's one that could set a dangerous precedent. As Fried said during a subsequent AI Day panel discussion, "An unpopular opinion isn't necessarily harassment." But that decision is often left to those in power. And under authoritarian regimes, you can safely bet that it won't be the will of the people. "I'm really surprised there hasn't been more of a discussion of this post-Snowden," TU's Walsh told Engadget. "I'm surprised that people were surprised that our emails are being read. Email is the easiest thing to read; it's already machine-readable text. You've got to assume that any email being read is not private." Keats Citron made a similar point. "As private actors, intermediaries like Facebook, Twitter, and Google have free reign to decide what content appears online," she said. "Whereas government cannot censor offensive, hateful, annoying, or disturbing expression, intermediaries can do as they please. For that reason, I've urged platforms to adopt clear rules about what speech is prohibited on their sites and some form of due process when speech is removed or accounts suspended on the grounds of a ToS violation." These are not small issues and they are not inconsequential, especially given the authoritarian tenor struck by the new presidential administration. "What I find most troubling from over the past few weeks is that you have Trump surrogate Newt Gingrich go on the news and say 'Look, the rules are the president can order someone to do something terrible and then pardon,'" Pasquale noted. He further explained that Trump's current actions are not wholly unprecedented, but rather a "logical extension of the Unitary Executive Theory...which would effectively put the executive branch above the law." As mentioned above, even the threat of oversight from a government is enough to curtail free speech online and off. "Even though there are many rights, either under the First Amendment or subsequent statutes passed after J. Edgar Hoover's COINTELPRO program," Pasquale said. "You barely ever see someone taking advantage of that statute to, say, win monetary damages or otherwise deter the [government's] activity." However, the industry itself is beginning to wake up to the dangers of misusing AI systems. "There's increasing awareness within the AI community of the risks -- both intentional and unintentional -- so there are a number of initiatives now to promote best practices to think about some of these ethical questions," Walsh said. "I've been involved with initiatives from IEEE, the largest professional organization within the space, to draw up ethical guidelines for people building AI systems." Should our government implement an automated censorship system akin to the one Facebook developed, even if it had only a fraction of the capability of Jigsaw's Conversation AI, the threat to civil liberties and the First Amendment would be immediate and overwhelming. "[Edward] Snowden did America and the world a service by revealing the extent of the wiretapping that was going on and the fact that it was not just external parties but citizens of the United States," Walsh concluded. "I don't think we've seen enough of [the discussion Snowden was attempting to instigate], people are not fully aware of quite how much the intelligence services must already be reading and the technologies that they're able to bring to bear." Lead image: Getty Creative In this article: Alibaba, Brazil, Carnegie Mellon University, China, COINTELPRO, Communist Party of China, CPC, culture, Cyberspace, DonaldTrump, Egypt, Engadget, Facebook, FirstAmendment, FreedomHouse, Getty Images, Ghostbusters, Google, India, Instagram, Intel, internet, J. Edgar Hoover, Jack Ma, League of Legends, LeagueOfLegends, Leslie Jones, Look, Mark Zuckerberg, Newt Gingrich, NewYorkTimes, PeoplesRepublicOfChina, Recode, robots, Russia, Saudi Arabia, security, Singapore, Tiananmen Square, Twitter, UnitedStates, UniversityOfTokyo, Western, Wikipedia, Wired By Andrew Tarantola @terrortola Andrew Tarantola has lived in San Francisco since 1982 and has been writing clever things about technology since 2011. When not arguing the finer points of portable vaporizers and military defense systems with strangers on the Internet, he enjoys tooling around his garden, knitting, and binge watching anime. 2008 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 6m 6m ago in Personal Computing Apple is bringing the iPhone's night mode to the Mac Night Shift has surfaced in the latest macOS beta. By J. Fingas,  6m ago save Save share View 30m 30m ago in Mobile The developers of 'Alto's Adventure' are building a skateboarding game 'Skate City' looks like a cross between 'Alto's' and 'Olli Olli,' and that could be a very good thing. By N. Ingraham,  30m ago save Save share View 50m 50m ago in Home Use Google Home to control WeMo and Honeywell connected devices "Ok Google, turn the temperature up downstairs.” By B. Steele,  50m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Gadgetry Amazon pushes Star Trek future with new Alexa wake word Live your Starship Enterprise dreams while turning on your lights. By R. Baldwin,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Wearables Latest Android Wear 2.0 preview delivers better iOS support The update to Google's OS is almost ready for its public release. By C. Low,  1h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel launches new IoT retail platform, plans $100 million retail tech investment The platform works to bring together retail hardware, software, APIs, and sensors in a standardized way. ByNatalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | January 16, 2017 -- 15:35 GMT (07:35 PST) | Topic: Internet of Things Image: Intel Intel CEO Brian Krzanich spoke at the National Retail Federation's Big Show conference on Monday and announced the chipmaker's latest platform for the retail sector. What's Hot on ZDnet ​Samsung's report should quell fears, but brand recoveries take time The biggest barrier to Windows 10 success is still Windows 7 For national security, Trump gets a new secure 'smartphone' How social media is crippling democracy, and why we seem powerless to stop it It's called the Responsive Retail Platform (RRP), and according to Intel, it connects disparate islands of in-store technology and makes it easier to develop and deploy Internet of Things (IoT) software and services. Simply put, it works to bring together retail hardware, software, APIs, and sensors in a standardized way. "Think of it as a Xeon-based multi-tenant processor for the store," said Intel marketing director Ryan Parker, during a pre-briefing on the news. The core of the platform is Intel's low-power integrated sensor with RFID capability and an expandable sensor suite that allows for the eventual inclusion of other sensors from third-party sensor vendors. The sensors can be used to track inventory and generate in-store data that highlights store activity and customer preferences. The RRP also includes an open source analytics platform-as-a-service (PaaS) for cloud applications from independent software vendors (ISVs). The current RRP runs on an Intel Core i7 processor-based gateway, but as more use cases become available, Intel said it will enable Intel Xeon processor-based gateways for better efficiency. The platform is available today through Intel's partner ecosystem. "This is one of those rare situations where it's a win-win-win," Parker added. "It's a win for Intel, and a win for sensor vendors and ISVs because they don't currently have access to the market. And retailers get a lot of choice." Intel also announced plans to invest more than $100 million over the next five years in the retail industry. The investment supports Intel's wider efforts to integrate aspects of IoT and other technologies like virtual reality and robotics into retail to address needs ranging from inventory management to checkout. Krzanich made sure to note that this kind of technology innovation is not intended to displace workers -- a growing concern with the rise of robotics, artificial intelligence and automation in the workplace -- but rather to allow stores to shift human resources to other areas in operations. "With technology like robots and artificial intelligence to free up employees, every aspect of the store and supply chain will allow retail employees to better focus on the customer and improve the store's performance," Krzanich said. "By bringing together virtual reality and the power of data, we'll help create the store of the future -- one that is smart, responsive, connected and secure." Also at NRF, Intel is showcasing new technology for on-demand, in-store 3D knitting, real-time clothing and shoe matching platforms, and interactive product displays designed to boost customer engagement. Why building IoT solutions remains a challenge for developers: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Networking Verizon eyes IoT, smart cities to fuel growth as Q4 profit slips Internet of Things Regulating IoT: Where Trump and the GOP should start IT Priorities Why a software-first attitude is a must for Internet of Things era ahead Mobility Singapore consortium to test smart mobility tech × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Desktop Hardware Workstations Reviews InterPro IPW-SL review InterPro IPW-SL review An excellent choice for fast modelling and image editing, with oodles of storage in a keenly priced package Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email James Morris Reviews 20 Jan, 2017 5 Price  £1,999 exc VAT Pros  Excellent performance for design tasks; Tidy internal cavity; Good value; Cons  Only quad-core; disk write speeds are a little behind competitors; Verdict  The InterPro IPW-SL has a lot going for it as a modelling and image-editing workstation. The price is also keen for the spec, particularly with the generous storage: this is our top choice if your focus is on the kind of applications where it’s strong. The IPW-SL has the honour of being the fastest workstation – at least in terms of processor speed – we've tested for a while. This turn of pace is built on Intel’s Skylake chips rather than its predecessor Haswell, with InterPro taking advantage of the extra headroom afforded by the K version of the Intel Core i7-6700. It was already fast at 4GHz, but InterPro boosted the clock to 4.6GHz with the help of Corsair H80i watercooling. InterPro partners the CPU with 32GB of 2,666MHz DDR4 SDRAM, although this takes all four DIMM slots so there won’t be any upgrade option without substitution. Since the Intel Core i7-6700K has a dual-channel memory controller, rather than the quad-core controllers in some six-core CPUs, there’s no need to add DIMMs in multiples of four. We’d have preferred two 16GB modules. Like other manufacturers, InterPro opts for Nvidia’s Quadro M4000 graphics, which currently hits the sweet spot between price and performance for high-end professional 3D acceleration. Storage is generous, with a 400GB Intel 750 Series PCI Express SSD included for the OS and apps, while a capacious 4TB WD Black 7,200rpm mechanical hard disk takes one of the eight SATA ports. The Intel SSD offers fast sustained reads, but disk-specific benchmarks showed writing is a little behind most, while the hard disk also proved relatively slow. But the key word here is “relatively”– this remains a fast storage system compared to what it’s likely to replace. The optical drive is a Blu-ray writer, too, so can be used for backing up large amounts of project work. InterPro uses the Fractal Design Define R5 chassis, but you’ll find no complaints from us: it’s an excellent choice, not least due to its solid construction. The side panel is secured by a catch as well as screws, so you can leave the latter off if you regularly swap components. It has eight tool-free hard disk bays, and with seven still free, there’s plenty of room to expand. Plus, with the 650W version of Corsair’s CS Series Modular 80 Plus power supply in place, the internal wiring clutter is kept to a minimum because you only need to connect the power cables you’re actually using. Thanks to the extra clock speed, the InterPro achieved the best Maxon Cinebench R15 rendering score of any quad-core Skylake workstation in recent memory; a great result, but note that many six-core Haswells are faster still. The LuxMark and Bunkspeed rendering tests told a similar story. It was also among the most accomplished in our image-editing test, although video encoding and multitasking brought the overall benchmark score down. Scores in SPECviewperf 12 were mostly as expected for a system sporting a Quadro M4000, but there were standout areas. In particular, the result of 72 in the maya-04 viewset will please 3D animators, and 116 in the SolidWorks sw-03 viewset will tempt product designers. The InterPro IPW-SL has a lot going for it as a modelling and image-editing workstation. Although its rendering and video encoding are behind six-core alternatives, if your main need is design, this system offers some of the best overall performance around. The price is also keen for the spec, particularly with the generous storage: this is our top choice if your focus is on the kind of applications where it’s strong. This review originally appeared in PC Pro issue 261. Read more about Workstations View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Workstations Chillblast Fusion Render OC M4000 review Reviews 4 Global PC shipments decline for fifth year running, says Gartner News Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 and XPS 27: hands-on Reviews HP Inc blames Windows 10 for drop in PC sales News HP Z1 G2 review - The most upgradeable all-in-one is expensive Reviews 4 See all Popular Android Wear 2.0 release date and features: Google partners with LG to launch two new smartwatches Android DDoS attack hits Lloyds Banking Group mobile apps Security 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops Samsung Galaxy S8 price, specs, release date & features: Galaxy S8 won't debut at MWC, says Samsung Smartphones Mozilla’s rebrand confuses web browsers Strategy Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5901 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.329% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
M Tuesday, Jan 24 2017 | Updated at 04:08 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Jan 20, 2017 09:19 AM EST By Avery Robbins, UniversityHerald Reporter New MacBook Pro Production Schedule Revealed; Check Out The Latest Update on Specs and Release Date! MacBook Pro 2017 is said to be the most redesigned Apple's laptop (Photo : Apple/YouTube) Apple's new MacBook Pro will be getting Intel's latest processor, the Kaby Lake. Details here! 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro with 32 GB RAM It seems that there's nothing that Ming-Chi Kuo doesn't know of Apple's upcoming products. The reputed analyst claimed that Apple will unveil the redesigned MacBook Pro with 15-inch size and 32 GB of RAM on board. LaptopMag has learned that all of these new laptops will be using Intel's 7th gen chipset Kaby Lake. Furthering the detail, Kuo mentioned September as the production schedule of the premium MacBook Pro. A MacBook with larger RAM space could satisfy high-end users but for consumers with a budget, the 13-inch variant without Touch Bar is said to get a price slash this year. MacBook Air will most likely be reaching the end of its line as Apple will gradually replace it with a cheaper MacBook Pro. 12-inch MacBook Pros with 16 GB RAM Apple will reportedly launch two variants of MacBook Pro with 16 GB of RAM under the hood. These models, according to Kuo, will enter mass production in July. .@Apple to offer 32GB of desktop RAM in top-end 2017 #MacBook Pro, 16GB for 12" MacBook https://t.co/lrY9HyPhDW pic.twitter.com/t9ZQs36gMo — AppleInsider (@appleinsider) January 16, 2017 Intel Kaby Lake is expected It is no surprise that Apple finally moves to Kaby Lake as it offers plenty of benefits to the devices. The MacBook Pro 2017 will be power efficient and receive performance boost with the processor on board. As for the outward appearance and other components, the laptops will likely adopt the 2016's MacBook Pro design. MacBook Pro 2017 release date Many reports have speculated a September appearance for MacBook Pro unveiling but Forbes has noted a November schedule as the production starts in Q3. Check out the latest update on the new MacBook Pro in the video below!     Tags New MacBook Pro, macbook pro 2017, MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date, MacBook Pro 2017 Specs, apple macbook pro 2017, apple rumor, apple macbook pro features, Intel Kaby Lake © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPad Pro 2 Update: Will The High-End Model Say Goodbye to iPad Mini? Check Out F ... iOS 10.1 Jailbreak is Bad but Thankfully, iOS 10.2 Jailbreak is Reportedly Aroun ... iPhone 8 to Deviate Far from Original Design with Foldable Display from LG?; App ... Apple to Launch Bezel-Less iPad Pro 2 Rocking A10X Chip in 2017? Get Yourself An Honor 6X: Here’s How To Get The Huawei Honor 6X For Free [VIDE ... Must Read Betsy DeVos: What You Need To Know About Trump’s Choice For Secretary of Education Jan 21, 2017 AM ESTHere are some things you need to know about Betsy DeVos, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of Education ... The Pros and Cons of Taking A Double Major In College Jan 20, 2017 PM ESTIf you are considering taking double majors in college, here are the pros and cons you need to consider. ... Washington University Offers College Course on Kanye West Jan 20, 2017 PM ESTKanye West college course is now being offered in Washington University. ... Tips On How To Save on College Textbooks Jan 20, 2017 PM ESTLooking for ways to lower college expenses? Try saving on college textbooks with these tips. ... Most Popular Anti-Fake News Tool: UK University Researchers May Have Found Solution Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTA Cambridge University study has found a psychological tool against fake news. ... ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Trailer: Legendary Female Super Saiyan Leaked In New Universe Survival Arc – Broly Canon Is Back [PREVIEW] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTBREAKING NEWS: “Dragon Ball Super” trailer shocks fans with the introduction of female Broly in the Universe Survival Arc. Her teased appearance ... AMD Vega 10 vs NVIDIA GTX 1080 Ti: AMD Graphics Card Can Finally Compete With Top-End Nvidia’s GPU Stack [VIDEO] Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTThe latest Vega speculations have the initial releasing of the Vega 10 graphics card just before Taiwan's Computex at the end of May 2017. In spite of ... Android Nougat Officially Released to Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge; See Update Schedule for Other Samsung Flagship Smartphones [VIDEO] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTAs the Galaxy Note 7 has officially out of the picture, Samsung is reportedly putting too much effort in releasing the Android 7 Nougat updates to ... ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Movie Update: Jamie Dornan Unfazed With Films Bad Review; His Last Film As Christian Grey Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTJamie Dornan is being a sport about the bad reviews his upcoming film "Fifty Shades Darker" is getting from vocal haters. ... iPhone 6s vs iPhone 7: iPhone 7 The Most Selling iPhone In U.S., While iPhone 6s Has Battery Issue [VIDEO] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTThe iPhone 7 Plus is the best handset that Apple Inc. has ever produced. Nevertheless, the iPhone 7 was a bit of a disappointment, even for die-hard ... Huawei Android Nougat Roadmap Leaked: Mate 8, P9, and P9 Plus Gets EMUI 5.0 Update First Jan 22, 2017 PM ESTHere's all you need to know about the Huawei Android Nougat roadmap leak. ... ‘Justice League’ Update: Superman Black Costume Surfaces; Tagline Revealed [VIDEO] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTBy now, it's very obvious Superman will appear in "Justice League" but judging on how he sacrificed himself in "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice," ... Xbox Games With Gold: Free February 2017 Games Forecast Includes ‘Battlefield: Bad Company’ While Backwards Compatibility Adds ‘Tekken 6’ [VIDEO] Jan 23, 2017 AM ESTThere will be two for the Xbox 360 and two for the Xbox One, rounding a total of four new games for next the Xbox games with gold february 2017 free ... 3 Reasons Why Nexus UI is Comfortably Better than Pixel UI Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTAndroid in Google Pixel is said to offer better experience than the UI in Nexus but these are the few reasons why there isn't much to note about the ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2017 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 2118 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.138% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5901 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.329% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 2118 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.138% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5901 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.329% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5901 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.329% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 2118 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.138% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5901 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.329% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5901 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.329% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Gumstix Launches MAV Control Board for Intel Joule IoT Market Gumstix, Inc. - Leave a Comment AeroCore 2 for Intel Joule module supports MAV and IoT markets AeroCore 2 gives users complete Linux or Windows IoT installations on a PX4-compatible platform. New Rapid Path To Production for Drone, Robotic and IoT Pro Makers REDWOOD CITY, CA. January 19, 2017— Gumstix®, Inc., the leader in design-to-order embedded systems, announced its support for the MAV and IoT markets with the launch of the AeroCore 2 Intel® Joule™ module expansion board and module integration into the Geppetto® Design to Order (D2O) platform. The AeroCore 2 for Intel® Joule™ module expansion board priced at $179.00 can be purchased at gumstix.com. The AeroCore 2 can also be instantly copied, customized and ordered online in Geppetto® D2O. With these additions, Intel designers can rapidly design and manufacture small form-factor expansion boards for their drone, robotics and IoT devices. This new board expands the Gumstix AeroCore 2 series which includes the AeroCore 2 for the DragonBoard 410C, Gumstix Overo and Gumstix DuOvero. Featuring an ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller running NuttX RTOS and an integrated connection to the Intel® Joule™ module, this new AeroCore 2 gives users complete Linux or Windows IoT installations on a PX4-compatible platform. With the inclusion of the NimbeLink Skywire LTE modem, the AeroCore 2 for Intel® Joule™ module is a powerful platform for MAV projects requiring a remote high-speed LTE connection for texting and data streaming. This is also the first AeroCore 2 to include USB 3.0 and micro-HDMI. The addition of USB 3.0 brings next-gen devices, such as spherical imaging systems or Intel’s own RealSense cameras to the AeroCore 2 ecosystem. The 9-axis internal measurement unit, along with an altimeter, monitored in real time by the embedded ARM M4 microcontroller, combined with optional geopositioning with the GPS connector, provides accurate positional feedback. “We created Gumstix to give robot enthusiasts powerful software development platforms,” says Gordon Kruberg, Gumstix CEO, “The expansion of the AeroCore 2 series and the integration of Linux® and Windows® capable modules like the Intel® Joule™ module into Geppetto® D2O is core to our mission to provide innovators the fastest, most versatile, path to production for their ideas.” The AeroCore 2 for Intel® Joule™ module can be customized in minutes to specific design requirements in Geppetto® D2O, a free online tool. During the design process, users can compare alternatives for features and costs, create multiple projects, and share ideas and go straight from a design to an order in one session. Complete custom BSPs and documentation are available with orders and production quality boards are shipped in 15 business days. Gumstix engineers verify all Geppetto-manufactured devices before shipping. The initial total manufacturing cost is $1999 with reduced rates for quantity discounts and repeat board spins. Gumstix products and quantity discounts are available at the Gumstix online store. ### About Gumstix, Inc. As a global leader in design-to-order hardware and manufacturing solutions. Gumstix® gives its customers the power to solve their electronic design challenges with Geppetto® D2O -- the online design-to-order system-- and a broad portfolio of small computers and embedded boards. In addition to engineers and industrial designers, Gumstix® helps students, educators, and makers unlock their creative ideas to bring them to market. Since pioneering the concept of an extremely small computer-on-module (COM) with a full implementation of Linux in 2003, the company has grown to support over 20,000 diverse customers. Gumstix systems have launched some of the world’s coolest products - from phones to drones - on commercial, university, and hobbyist workbenches in over 45 countries. For more information, visit www.gumstix.com Topics covered in this article hardware boards Linux lte IoT Inc Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVII Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Sun, 22 Jan 2017 12:34:14 +0000
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Tuesday, January 24, 2017 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now UbuCon Summit at SCALE 15x to Take Place March 2-3 in Pasadena, California The days of downloading Android apps might be numbered – here’s why Ubuntu Developers Now Tracking Linux Kernel 4.10 for Ubuntu 17.04 (Zesty Zapus) Canonical launches Ubuntu Tutorials Important CentOS 7 Linux Kernel Security Patch Released, 3 Vulnerabilities Fixed Home news Forget About OpenGL 4.2, Intel Haswell GPUs Now Support OpenGL 4.5 in... news Forget About OpenGL 4.2, Intel Haswell GPUs Now Support OpenGL 4.5 in Ubuntu By rascal23 - Jan 20, 2017 1900 1 Paulo Miguel Dias updated his Padoka PPA (Personal Package Archive) for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and Ubuntu 16.10 operating systems to the latest Mesa 17.0.0-git, bringing us OpenGL 4.5 support for Intel Haswell GPUs. Yes, we’re aware of the fact that just last week we told you Intel Haswell graphics cards supported OpenGL 4.2 for better gaming, thanks to a set of recent patches submitted by developer Juan A. Suarez Romero to implement support for 64-bit vertex attributes, which enabled OpenGL 4.2 for Intel Haswell. Think that was big news for Intel Haswell users? Think again, because Intel’s senior graphics software engineer Kenneth Graunke published a new patch for the open-source Intel i965 graphics driver to enable OpenGL 4.5 on Intel Haswell GPUs, and since it soon landed in Mesa Git, you can have it on Ubuntu. How? It’s simple, by installing either the Padoka or Oibaf PPAs, which are well known among the Ubuntu gaming community for providing up-to-date open-source graphics drivers for Intel, AMD Radeon, and Nvidia GPUs. These PPAs offer frequent updates of the latest Mesa 17.0.0-git 3D Graphics Library. Source: http://news.softpedia.com/news/forget-about-opengl-4-2-intel-haswell-gpus-now-support-opengl-4-5-in-ubuntu-511979.shtml Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleCanonical to Remove Old Unity 7 Scopes from Ubuntu Because They're Not Secure Next articleMac, Linux malware discovered targeting biomedical research rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR UbuCon Summit at SCALE 15x to Take Place March 2-3 in Pasadena, California The days of downloading Android apps might be numbered – here’s why Ubuntu Developers Now Tracking Linux Kernel 4.10 for Ubuntu 17.04 (Zesty Zapus) 1 COMMENT Jouni "rautamiekka" Järvinen Jan 20, 2017 at 12:38 pm GZDoom recently committed a patch which bans the program from running on systems using Mesa for broken OpenGL. Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: (get email updates) Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Raspberry Pi imitator has GbE, 2GB RAM, and 4K video Google seeks dev feedback for putting AI on Raspberry Pi Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Table compares 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Rugged, compact IoT gateway runs Linux on Apollo Lake Keeping Linux devices secure with rigorous long-term maintenance Fanless mini-PC runs Linux Mint on Kaby Lake Snapdragon 410E SBC offers long lifecycle support at $85 Wireless ready, 3.5-inch signage SBC runs Android Open spec, $29 COM shrinks Pine A64 to SODIMM dimensions Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Linux-friendly drone controller flies on Intel Joule power Jan 19, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 901 views Gumstix launched a customizable version of its LTE-enabled, PX4-compatible AeroCore 2 MAV controller board that works with the Intel Joule. Gumstix announced the AeroCore 2 Expansion Board for Intel Joule expansion board in August along with five other expansion boards designed for the Intel Joule, a follow-on to the Intel Edison computer-on-module with a much faster Atom SoC. Now available for $179 without the soon-to-ship Joule module, the AeroCore 2 for Intel Joule is a variation on the AeroCore 2 controller board. The new model similarly runs NuttX on a Cortex-M4 MCU, supports the PX4 drone controller standard, and targets micro-aerial vehicle (MAV) and other UAVs and robots. AeroCore 2 Expansion Board for Intel Joule (left) and working with the board in Geppetto DSO (click images to enlarge) Like all new Gumstix carrier boards, including the AeroCore 2, as well as the AeroCore 2 Expansion Board for DragonBoard 410C and the Joule-based, 96Boards compatible Nodana 96BCE, the AeroCore 2 for Intel Joule was designed with the Gumstix Geppetto Design-to-Order (DSO) online development platform. Customers can use Geppetto DSO to customize the board using a library of hundreds of modules. Gumstix engineers will then test and validate the board design, and manufacture and ship the production ready board in 15 days. The AeroCore 2 for Intel Joule is the most powerful AeroCore 2 board yet. The original AeroCore 2 runs Linux on Gumstix’s own Cortex-A8 based Overo and Cortex-A9-based (TI OMAP4430) DuoVero modules. The AeroCore 2 for DragonBoard 410C runs Linux or Android on Arrow’s Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 SBC, which has four 1.2GHz Cortex-A53 cores and an Adreno 306 GPU. The Intel Joule module’s Atom SoC is a modest upgrade from the Snapdragon 410. The Joule offers a choice of 14nm-fabricated, quad-core Intel Atom T5700 (1.7GHz) or Atom T5500 (1.5GHz) SoCs featuring Intel HD Graphics with 4K video capture and display. The module is also compatible with Intel’s RealSense depth-sensing camera, which Intel is aggressively targeting at the drone market. Intel Joule detail views (click image to enlarge) The 48 x 24 x 3.5mm Intel Joule is further equipped with 4GB RAM, 16GB eMMC, WiFi, Bluetooth, and support for interfaces including MIPI CSI/DSI, GPIO, and multiple USB and serial ports. Intel supports the Joule module with an open source carrier board and a Yocto Project-based Ostro Linux distribution, as well as Windows 10 IoT. Both of these platforms are supported by the AeroCore 2 for Intel Joule board, which offers dual connectors and space for the Joule to plug in. Although both AeroCore 2 boards share a standard feature set, each has somewhat different configurations and ports. Since the August announcement, Gumstix has redesigned the AeroCore 2 for Intel Joule prototype to add micro-HDMI, USB 3.0 host, and USB OTG ports. The USB 3.0 expands support to newer peripherals like spherical imaging systems or Intel’s RealSense camera. This is the first AeroCore 2 to include USB 3.0 and micro-HDMI ports, and the first to support RealSense, AeroCore 2 for Intel Joule detail view (click image to enlarge) Like the DragonBoard version, the Joule board integrates a NimbeLink Skywire LTE modem, enabling drones with 4G texting and data streaming capabilities. It also similarly features a 9-axis internal measurement unit (IMU), along with an altimeter, monitored by the open source Nuttx RTOS in real time using the Cortex-M4 MCU. Combined with optional geopositioning from the built-in GPS connector, the IMU provides accurate positional feedback. Gumstix doesn’t say what MCU it’s using, but the DragonBoard version used an ST Microelectronics STM32F427. The AeroCore 2 board is further equipped with a 40-pin GPIO connector, as well as Octal PWM and DSM-2 remote connectors. There are also headers for CAN, SPI, 4x UART, 2x I2C, and ADC. Other features include a barometer, battery connector, and a buzzer. Many of these features can be moved around or removed using the online Geppetto D2O environment. Geppetto is free to use, letting developers try out different ideas, compare alternatives for features and costs, create multiple projects, and share ideas across a design team, says Gumstix. You can move straight from a Geppetto design to an order in one session. The $1,999 manufacturing service (plus appropriate BOM costs) provides your custom board in 15 days, complete with custom BSPs and documentation. Gumstix engineers verify all Geppetto-manufactured devices before shipping. There are reduced rates for quantity discounts and repeat board spins.   Further information The AeroCore 2 Expansion Board for Intel Joule module expansion is shipping for $179. The separately available Intel Joule module should be available “soon,” says Gumstix. More information may be found at the Gumstix AeroCore 2 for Intel Joule product and shopping page.   Related posts: Intel Joule IoT module gains a family of DIY companion… 96Boards SBCs host Intel Joule and Curie IoT modules Carrier board aims DragonBoard 410c SBC at UAV apps Micro-UAV controller features open, modifiable design iMX6-based IoT module gains an easily customizable carrier… Linux-powered quadcopter acts like a smart shuttlecock Tiny Intel "Joule" IoT module runs Ostro Linux on… Intel "Aero" drone board runs Yocto on Cherry… Intel reveals Broxton Atoms with Gen9 GPUs Customizable carrier for OMAP4430 COM has RPi style CSI-2… (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW One response to “Linux-friendly drone controller flies on Intel Joule power” Grumpy Old Coot says: Jan. 19, 2017 at 7:59 pm Anyone know if this board has a port of Ardupilot or DroneCode? Reply Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 2118 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.138% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Some Questions About Intel Corporation's Fledgling Foundry Business Intel has been talking about becoming a contract chip manufacturer for years. Now, it's time for the company to start laying out some financial goals for these efforts. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 19, 2017 at 8:28PM More than three years ago, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) told the world that it would "open foundry to any company able to utilize [its] leading-edge silicon." Image source: Intel.  In other words, it signaled to investors that it was ready to get more serious about trying to make money from building chips for other chip design houses. Over the past several years, some companies have announced manufacturing deals with Intel's contract chip manufacturing division, called Intel Custom Foundry (ICF). These have typically been smaller chipmakers, often opting to build just a small portion of their product portfolios at Intel. Back in August, Intel went into a little more detail on its strategy in regard to contract chip manufacturing. The company highlighted that its two focus areas for the business would be on mobile applications processors and on chips aimed at network infrastructure. Although Intel has done a reasonable job of explaining its high-level strategy for this business, there's one thing that's been sorely lacking: a financial perspective. What I'd like to see Intel talk about Every so often, Intel will talk about its technologies or even announce new customers, but it's hard at this point for investors to get a good sense of what kind of financial contributions Intel is expecting from this business over the long term. Today, the revenue contribution from contract chip making is pretty much zero to Intel -- its highest-profile customer was programmable logic specialist Altera, but Intel scooped the company up before the first product of their collaboration emerged. The Stratix 10 FPGA is built using Intel's 14nm technology. Image source: Intel.  Intel has said that China-based smartphone chip maker Spreadtrum and smartphone maker LG would be using building chips at ICF, although it will likely be some time before revenue from those customers starts coming in, since neither LG nor Spreadtrum has launched Intel-built products. And, naturally, Intel hasn't given much guidance on what kind of revenue it expects to generate from these deals.  Although it's still early, at this point Intel should have enough visibility into its design win pipeline to get a rough sense of what kind of revenue and revenue growth trajectory it expects to see from its contract chip manufacturing business over the next couple of years. With that in mind, here are the key points and questions I'd like to see Intel address at its February investor meeting in regard to ICF: When will Intel start to generate enough revenue from ICF so that those revenues are worth reporting to investors? What kind of revenue growth rate is Intel projecting from this business over the next three to five years? Does Intel believe that it can successfully win over major high volume mobile customers, such as Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Huawei, or MediaTek? If not, is this business still worthwhile to pursue? Can Intel successfully build chips for network infrastructure customers without significant risk of those customers competing with Intel's in-house products? Would Intel be OK with such competition? What kind of gross profit margin profile is Intel targeting from its ICF business? Why this matters If Intel can generate meaningful incremental revenue by building chips for others, then that would be a good way for it to increase shareholder value. However, before getting too excited about the prospects here, it'd be nice to see Intel provide some insight into what it's looking to achieve financially in this business, as this is what ultimately matters.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 19, 2017 at 8:28PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.62 up $0.85 (2.31%) Read More 3 Stocks to Watch in January Intel Corporation's Best Moves in 2016 Instant Analysis: Mobileye, Intel, and BMW to Deploy Autonomous Vehicles by H2 2017 What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Some Questions About Intel Corporation's Fledgling Foundry Business @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Cloud   /   Intel's Cloud-Friendly Clear Linux Hits Microsoft Azure       Intel's Cloud-Friendly Clear Linux Hits Microsoft Azure     By Pedro Hernandez  |  Posted 2017-01-19 Print               Microsoft says that Intel's Clear Linux, a lightweight distribution of Linux that is optimized to run on Intel processors and is now available as a virtual machine in the Azure Marketplace. Microsoft Azure customers looking for another Linux operating system (OS) option for their cloud workloads have another alternative to weigh this week. Clear Linux, a distribution of the open-source OS that is optimized for Intel processors, is now available as a virtual machine (VM) in the Azure Marketplace. Launched in 2015 by chip making giant Intel, Clear Linux is aimed at cloud and data center workloads that run on Intel-based servers, enabling those workloads to exploit the advanced silicon features and latest innovations that Intel bakes into its chips. Instead of developing another general-purpose distribution of the Linux OS suitable for a variety of workloads, Intel opted for a lightweight, "lean-and-fast" approach, according to the Clear Linux project website. On Azure, the availability of Clear Linux not only promises brisk performance on Microsoft's cloud, but also streamlined DevOps courtesy of the operating system's stateless capabilities. "By separating the system defaults and distribution best practices from the user configuration, Clear Linux simplifies maintenance and deployment which becomes very important as infrastructure scales," explained Jose Miguel Parrella, a Microsoft Azure Open Source product manager, in a Jan. 18 blog post. "This also pairs well with bundles, a powerful way of distributing software that allows for scenarios like this system update with new kernel and reboot in just a few seconds." Clear Linux is available as in bare-bones configuration, allowing users to build out solutions with their preferred bundles, Parrella said. Also available is a Docker-based container image as well as a working sample machine-learning image with preloaded open-source tools. Breaking from it's long policy of promoting Windows everywhere, Microsoft has come to embrace Linux to help grow its Azure solutions ecosystem and entice enterprises into moving their workloads to the company's Azure cloud. Linux first appeared on Azure in 2012 when CentOS, OpenSUSE, Ubuntu and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server all came to the cloud platform. In 2014, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella famously declared that "Microsoft Loves Linux," during a press event, and since then more flavors of Linux have joined in, including CoreOS, Debian, Oracle Linux and Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL). In November, the company made its biggest move yet to ingratiate itself with the Linux community. Shedding its image as the mortal enemy of the open-source OS, Microsoft joined the Linux Foundation as a Platinum Member, the highest level attainable. Microsoft will pay $500,000 to the foundation and pledges to support its open-source efforts. The company joins other IT heavyweights at the top, including IBM, Cisco, Intel, Oracle, Qualcomm and Samsung. "By becoming a Linux Foundation Platinum member, Microsoft is better able to collaborate with the open source community to deliver transformative mobile and cloud experiences to more people," remarked Jim Zemlin, executive director of The Linux Foundation, in a Nov. 16 announcement. "Microsoft has been a key contributor to many projects, and we see the company intensifying its involvement and commitment to open development."           LATEST CLOUD ARTICLES   Administrators Can Now Visualize Azure AD Insights With Power BI LinkedIn Adding Mobile Look to Social Network Desktop Experience Google Offers Advice on Optimizing Sites for Web Crawling, Indexing Intel's Cloud-Friendly Clear Linux Hits Microsoft Azure Google Makes Audit Logging Technology Available Across Cloud Stack                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Some Questions About Intel Corporation's Fledgling Foundry Business Intel has been talking about becoming a contract chip manufacturer for years. Now, it's time for the company to start laying out some financial goals for these efforts. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 19, 2017 at 8:28PM More than three years ago, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) told the world that it would "open foundry to any company able to utilize [its] leading-edge silicon." Image source: Intel.  In other words, it signaled to investors that it was ready to get more serious about trying to make money from building chips for other chip design houses. Over the past several years, some companies have announced manufacturing deals with Intel's contract chip manufacturing division, called Intel Custom Foundry (ICF). These have typically been smaller chipmakers, often opting to build just a small portion of their product portfolios at Intel. Back in August, Intel went into a little more detail on its strategy in regard to contract chip manufacturing. The company highlighted that its two focus areas for the business would be on mobile applications processors and on chips aimed at network infrastructure. Although Intel has done a reasonable job of explaining its high-level strategy for this business, there's one thing that's been sorely lacking: a financial perspective. What I'd like to see Intel talk about Every so often, Intel will talk about its technologies or even announce new customers, but it's hard at this point for investors to get a good sense of what kind of financial contributions Intel is expecting from this business over the long term. Today, the revenue contribution from contract chip making is pretty much zero to Intel -- its highest-profile customer was programmable logic specialist Altera, but Intel scooped the company up before the first product of their collaboration emerged. The Stratix 10 FPGA is built using Intel's 14nm technology. Image source: Intel.  Intel has said that China-based smartphone chip maker Spreadtrum and smartphone maker LG would be using building chips at ICF, although it will likely be some time before revenue from those customers starts coming in, since neither LG nor Spreadtrum has launched Intel-built products. And, naturally, Intel hasn't given much guidance on what kind of revenue it expects to generate from these deals.  Although it's still early, at this point Intel should have enough visibility into its design win pipeline to get a rough sense of what kind of revenue and revenue growth trajectory it expects to see from its contract chip manufacturing business over the next couple of years. With that in mind, here are the key points and questions I'd like to see Intel address at its February investor meeting in regard to ICF: When will Intel start to generate enough revenue from ICF so that those revenues are worth reporting to investors? What kind of revenue growth rate is Intel projecting from this business over the next three to five years? Does Intel believe that it can successfully win over major high volume mobile customers, such as Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Huawei, or MediaTek? If not, is this business still worthwhile to pursue? Can Intel successfully build chips for network infrastructure customers without significant risk of those customers competing with Intel's in-house products? Would Intel be OK with such competition? What kind of gross profit margin profile is Intel targeting from its ICF business? Why this matters If Intel can generate meaningful incremental revenue by building chips for others, then that would be a good way for it to increase shareholder value. However, before getting too excited about the prospects here, it'd be nice to see Intel provide some insight into what it's looking to achieve financially in this business, as this is what ultimately matters.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 19, 2017 at 8:28PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.62 up $0.85 (2.31%) Read More 3 Stocks to Watch in January Intel Corporation's Best Moves in 2016 Instant Analysis: Mobileye, Intel, and BMW to Deploy Autonomous Vehicles by H2 2017 What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Some Questions About Intel Corporation's Fledgling Foundry Business @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Terrible name, promising CPU Home Hardware AMD’s Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? By Jeremy Laird on January 19th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Something good is about to happen. I’m fairly sure of that. RPS isn’t exactly hardware rumour central, of course. There’s plenty of that elsewhere and, frankly, I can’t compete. But after the downbeat tone of my recent Intel Kaby Lake coverage, I reckon it would be remiss not to balance things out with a quick preview of what to expect from AMD’s new Ryzen CPU. It’s definitely coming soon and will probably go on sale in around six weeks. Exactly how good is Ryzen going to be? I don’t know. But all the indications are that it’s going to be at least good enough to make AMD CPUs relevant for gaming again. The unavoidable context to all this is the question of whether CPUs even matter for gaming. We haven’t really the space to do that justice. It’ll have to suffice to say that I think CPUs do matter and I think having faster CPUs will enable better games. That aside, what’s for sure is that AMD’s inability to really compete over the last, say, five years has allowed Intel to sandbag pretty spectacularly. We are all paying more for less processor performance than would have been the case had AMD kept Intel honest. With that party-political polemic despatched, let’s talk about Ryzen. As the name implies, it’s based on AMD’s new Zen CPU architecture. I believe it’s pronounced with a long ‘i’ as in ‘high’, but it’s also seemingly play on ‘risen’, which has a short ‘i’. It’s a fairly odd name for a CPU, but then marketing has never been AMD’s strong point. I’ve covered the basics before, but the short version is that the new chip is something of a back to basics design. It’s all about proper old-school CPU cores that get a lot of work done each operating cycle, just like Intel’s CPUs. In fact, AMD’s approach is arguably even more old school than Intel since it won’t insist on lumping the CPU die with huge amount of non-processor circuitry, like Intel does with many of its chips. You can no long buy a mainstream Intel CPU without integrated graphics. I reckon that’s critical. Check out the die map of of a quad-core Intel processor above. It’s a Broadwell chip (so a Core i7-5xxx Series) with the biggest integrated graphics option. Roughly half the chip is graphics. That’s an awful lot of largely useless baggage you have to pay for. Admittedly, most of what you might call Intel’s gaming-centric mainstream desktop chips don’t have the biggest available graphics solution. But here’s a Kaby Lake map of the die used in the Core i5 and Core i7 chips I covered last week. Yup, it’s 35, maybe 40 per cent graphics. OK, the graphics bits are used for more than just gaming. But the point is that Intel blows a lot of die space of stuff that we gamers mostly don’t care about on the desktop because we all have a proper graphics card. That’s a huge let off for AMD and helps offset the fact that Intel will typically have a process advantage. If Intel used all those transistors for CPU cores in its mainstream chips, AMD wouldn’t have a chance. But Intel doesn’t. So AMD does, thank goodness. Anyway, the alleged specifics of AMD’s product plans have now emerged and there will purportedly be three basic models – the four-core SR3, the six-core SR5 and the eight-core SR7 (AMD has said publicly that the first chips will top out at eight cores, each with the ability to process two threads a la Intel’s HyperThreading). There will also be AMD APUs based on the same core architecture and with graphics built in. But most of the pure-CPU Ryzen chips will be priced up against mainstream Intel chips with that integrated graphics baggage. Speaking of pricing, supposedly it’ll be $150 for the quad-core chip, $250 for the six-core model and $350 for the full eight cores, plus a special overclocking model for $500 (though all models will be unlocked and overclocking friendly, which is another easy win versus Intel and its restrictive approach to overclocking). But what of performance, I hear you cry? AMD has said all chips will have a minimum baseclocks of 3.4GHz. Of course, clockspeeds don’t mean much when you’re comparing different architectures. However, AMD has performed various public demonstrations in recent months. Probably the most intriguing involved an eight-core Ryzen versus an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K. The AMD chip was slightly faster in a range of demo benchmarks including, critically, Battlefield 1. The 6900K is a $1,000 CPU. You can watch the demo here on AMD’s Youtube channel. Hmmm. Various alleged benchmarks of early engineering sample Ryzens have also been doing the rounds and make for a similar story. I’m not sure I totally buy the idea that AMD is going to be selling a chip that matches or beats a $1,000 Intel chip for just $350. But I think AMD has almost certainly closed much of the per-core performance gap to Intel. It’s also worth noting that the financial markets are much more bullish about AMD of late. As recently as February last year, AMD was trading at $1.80 a share. It’s now up over $10. Clearly, the self-styled master race of financiers are pricing in expectations of something very good coming down the line. Similarly, I cannot help but notice that at around the same time that Intel will very likely have found out just how competitive Ryzen is likely to be (if anyone outside AMD knows what to expect from Ryzen, it will be Intel) a six-core CPU first appeared on its mainstream CPU roadmap. I do not believe that is a coincidence. The bit of the story I won’t cover here is the supporting motherboard chipsets that come with Ryzen. Arguably, they’re just as desperately needed as the CPU itself, so utterly antiquated have AMD’s desktop chipsets become. The outlook here looks fairly promising, too. But we’ll cover the details when the chips finally launch, probably at the beginning of March. Much of the above, therefore, is just a bit of fun. I don’t think Ryzen is going to blow Intel away. If the rumoured Ryzen pricing is right, that indicates a competitive CPU, not an Intel killer. But that’s all we actually need. Something competitive to wake Intel up and keep prices honest. I reckon a six-core Ryzen for $250 / £225 with a spot of overclocking could well be the gamer and sensible-money PC enthusiast’s weapon of choice this summer. But worst case scenario, Ryzen will mean we’ll all have to pay less for a gameable CPU, whoever we buy it from. And that cannot be a bad thing. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. « Wot I Think: Ittle Dew 2 Writer of Traffic and Syriana to film The Division » AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature. From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 47 Comments 19/01/2017 at 21:14 Sp4rkR4t says: Good write up, although the last I heard there were doubts about any 6 core models at least in the launch window since the core packages come in batches of 4 unlike previous AMD chips which came in 2’s. If they do bring a 6 core to market it will be because of heavy binning and you might even be able to switch them back on like the early AMD multi-core chips. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:39 Generico says: On the CPU relevance in gaming, they could be a lot more important than they are. I think a lot of their seeming irrelevance is due to the fact that most devs really don’t put a lot of effort into their AI code, which is where the CPU can really make a difference. I think a lot of this is the result of generations of consoles that had in-order processors that are great for nice clean operations like graphics and physics, but really terrible for unpredictable highly conditional things like AI. The long standing impotence of console processors in that category has, I think, dulled the perception of what AI could do in games for an entire generation of game designers. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:29 Bremze says: You’d think if AI was such of a big deal, there would be PC games making use of the beefy OoO CPUs with good branch prediction and loads of cache. The truth is, AI that’s makes you think that it’s good is generally more convincing and way less performance and development intensive than actual good AI because people don’t care whether the behaviour is generated by clever hacks or actual simulation and nor they should. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 04:39 Don Reba says: But wouldn’t it be nice if Civ actually got better AI instead of cheating at higher difficulties? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:23 fuzziest says: Writing good gameplay AI is way more complex than just throwing more CPU at it. You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. I’ve heard many stories of devs spending time on complicated smarter AI that was way less fun to play against than something dumb but easier to tweak so they ripped it out. Often when gamers have angst over a cut feature that a company was “lying” about at trade shows they don’t realize devs probably spent ages getting it to even 90% of the way there but that last bit might have taken years to sort out or make consistent. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:26 dashausdiefrau says: The problem is rarely that features are cut. The problem is that the changes are not communicated before release, then they withhold review copies. Simply, they deliberately try to mislead the consumer. 20/01/2017 at 11:11 Rumpelstiltskin says: Yeah, AI quality depends mostly on the amount of R&D time spent on it. What does scale well with CPU power is physics/simulation. 20/01/2017 at 11:50 Hedgeclipper says: They’d find the money and the hours if AI was something you could sell. The trouble is that its not an easy point to explain or market. With graphics (and note how much time and money goes into this on AAA games) you can literally see the difference and it doesn’t change game play to have a range of settings for low to high power graphics cards. AI though is much more ‘hidden’ you can’t see the difference between CPUs unless you play a while at different computers and I’m not sure how you’d even approach game design where the AI worked more effectively for some customers. 20/01/2017 at 13:04 Don Reba says: You can brute force improved graphics but no way to get better AI without a lot of engineer and designer hours. Not at all. AI often scales well, especially in a strategic game. When you have more computing power, you can plan more moves ahead, take more variables into account, use more exact algorithms. 19/01/2017 at 21:42 Penguin_Factory says: Interesting. I’m planning on getting a new gaming PC some time after the release of the Nintendo Switch (sweet gamer $$$ are locked up for that at the moment), so I’ll definitely be keeping an eye on this. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:43 kud13 says: Hmm. I upgraded from my barebones AMD chip to the 8-core FX 8350 two(I think?) years ago, in anticipation of the Witcher 3. It cost me less than $200 in a regular retail store. Never had any issues with my machine after that. Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 05:01 Raoul Duke says: Ditto, running the same chip and yet to be cpu bound in anything. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:53 Xenotone says: You’re not wrong, but you’d be getting better framerates with an Intel setup even if you’re not strictly cpu bound. You’d pay more, sure, but AMD has no equivalent in the high end consumer segment. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:33 phuzz says: “Not sure how AMD was considered “not relevant” for years.” Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money. Unless you had a massively parallel workload (ie, not games), there has been no point to buying AMD. That said, CPU has been much less of a factor in gaming for the last five(ish?) years. Spending money on a better graphics card is a better use of your hard-earned. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:05 Horg says: ”Because you could spend less on an Intel chip, and get more for your money.” Hell no. Intel have been far worse than AMD in terms for cost / power ratio for a long time. AMD CPUs have been the go to for budget buyers for several generations becasue the equivalent intel chip is frequently more than twice as expensive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:28 Moraven says: AMD has only been competitive in the $100 range. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:45 Horg says: AMD haven’t been competitive at any range. They have been affordable for several generations for people on a budget, while Intel have not. 20/01/2017 at 16:26 Moraven says: i5-35xx for $200 would have been a better value than a $180 (USD) AMD FX-8350. The i5 is 20-30% better in single thread performance (most games) along with the smaller intel chip had better power consumption. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:06 Horg says: Those prices are way off. The FX8350 has never been that expensive, it’s always been closer to $140. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 21:59 montorsi says: Uh huh. Roughly 0% chance that this will be competitive for anyone who isn’t on a very tight budget, which is fine. They are what they are and it’s an important market to serve, but it’s about time we stopped implying or suggesting AMD is really going to be competitive with anyone (again). They aren’t. They’re their own thing. It’s OK. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 23:39 Lukasz says: No. Chances are high that they will be competitive with Intel in mainstream market. Maybe not at the 800-1000 dollar CPU level but at level where majority of us operate. No idea where you are coming from with that zero percent. Secondly amd not being competitive is really bad thing which we have seen in past five years. Crappy progression on part of Intel combined with very high prices…. Decent CPU is over 300 AUD… That’s silly Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 00:13 SquarePeg says: The IPC (instructions per clock) difference between Haswell and Kaby Lake is only around 5.7%. This is a good write-up on Skylake. Since for gaming Kaby Lake is just a process optimization with zero increase to IPC versus Skylake this applies mightily. link to anandtech.com Ryzen has already shown that it can overclock to 5ghz on air. So if you can grab a Ryzen 6c/12t R5 cpu for the same cost as a Kaby Lake i7 7700k and overclock to near 5ghz with just a good $30 cooler it negates Intel’s minor IPC advantage. Ryzen will compete with Kaby Lake on all fronts, efficiency, performance, and bang for buck. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 08:57 Nosada says: It’s good to be sceptical of hype, but we shouldn’t go overboard either. Everything indicates that AMD has fixed its IPC deficiency, so if even half of what they claim is true, near-parity with Intel is certainly an option. When people say “but Intel has a far larger R&D budget than AMD, so catching up to them is impossible”, I can only assume they weren’t around for the launch of the Athlon 64’s. AMD had a far smaller R&D budget back then as well, and pretty much wiped the floor with Intel. Gamers back then didn’t even consider Intel’s Pentium 4’s an option, they were that inferior to AMD’s architecture. One can only hope Jim Keller (the architect of the Athlon) performed another miracle (he was hired for Zen as well). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 11:11 PoulWrist says: What an absolutely dismissive opinion you had to share. If you followed anything you’d also know that the 8c/16t CPU is 95w TDP, that’s around 60% of the Intel equivalent. So that’s rather competitive. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:11 ColonelFlanders says: When did the watts thing get so important? I don’t recall ever seeing an appreciable change in my electricity bill after using my computer a lot. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:46 Don Reba says: Fewer watts don’t just show up on your electricity bill, but they also mean less heat, and therefore less noise from cooling systems and fewer problems from overheating. Log in to Reply 19/01/2017 at 22:18 Saiko Kila says: Me only cares for single thread performance, i.e. Dwarf Fortress. And with that, for now Intel wins. Funnily, till Kaby Lake, it was winning with a 3 year old chip (i7-4790K), because its successor (i7-6700K) was slower in Turbo mode, unless overclocked (and after burying three motherboards I say “thanks, no” to overclocking). Anyway, I’m really looking to real life tests with single thread. Also I lied earlier about caring about ONLY single thread performance, because I also play AAA titles and such, though ultimately it is a deciding factor to me. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:58 thenevernow says: Dwarf Fortress requires a top-level CPU? I’m baffled. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:08 ColonelFlanders says: Dwarf Fortress is the most processor expensive game on the market. Doesnt matter how shit yiur graphics are, if you want to simulate the you need a good CPU. Dwarf Fortress does a LOT of simulating. In fact I’m pretty sure that there isn’t a processor on the market that wouldnt choke on your fortress eventually Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 16:30 MacPoedel says: If you killed three motherboards by overclocking, you were doing something wrong. Most likely your voltages were too high, either because you were a bit overambitious or because you left them on automatic (voltages when in automatic mode tend to get way too high when overclocking). You also need an appropriate motherboard for overclocking, not every board has power circuitry that can handle the extra stress. I’m not saying you need a €400 RoG Elite whatever, but you just need to pay attention to the components, there are perfectly fine sub €150 overclocking Z170/Z270 boards. I have a 6 year motherboard running a 1GHz overclock on a Core i7 860 and it’s still 100% functional (and waiting to be replaced by Ryzen or Kaby/Coffee/Cannon Lake if AMD fails to meet the hype). Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:21 HumpX says: Ive had a cheap 6 core AMD CPU for the past 4 years along with a middle-to-lower-end Nvidia GPU. Ive been able to play every game in that/this time to my satisfaction. The “chase” for premium hardware ended for me many years ago. Its futile and it drains ones finances. Stop reading hardware reviews and hardware sites. Buy a middle-of-the-road system and enjoy the games and ignore the framerate numbers. You’ll be far happier. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:36 phuzz says: “Stop reading hardware reviews” Not paying much attention to your own advice there eh? Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:06 ColonelFlanders says: This isn’t a hardware review. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 17:25 phuzz says: you can’t spell preview without review :p Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:24 Don Reba says: I find the AVX2 instruction support exciting. Eight cores, each processing 8 floating-point instructions at a time — there is so much you can do with this! Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 01:56 Don Reba says: Oh, wait, just checked, and it looks like it does it at 2 cycles per instruction — so, the instruction set is supported but gives no performance benefit over SSE. That’s no fun. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:20 Jeremy Laird says: Yeah, IIRC, Zen’s floating point units are still 128-bit width to Intel’s 256-bit ALUs. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 FriendlyFire says: Even Intel’s AVX implementation isn’t ideal. Apparently running it full-tilt at 256-bit width produces a tremendous amount of heat, so throttling happens really fast. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 13:09 Don Reba says: My 4-core Haswell with the stock cooler has been able to run heavy AVX2 computations for hours and days on end with no overheating. I guess it could be a problem for 8-core or overclocked chips. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 03:22 geldonyetich says: I had predicted when it came time to finally drop this FX-8120 that I would graduate to an Intel CPU. But in light of this news, Intel’s layoffs, and Intel’s refocusing on mobile devices, perhaps not. Well, since when was it not the case that predicting technology was a fool’s errand? When it comes time to upgrade, I’ll put the chip that performs the best on benchmarks without costing many tines the runner up in my system, per usual. If Intel wants that to be them, they’ll have to exert themselves a little more. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 07:48 kazriko says: If you watched their reveal stream where they announced the name, they were emphasizing that it was a new “horizon” for AMD, which is why Ryzen is pronounced with the long I. Nothing at all to do with “risen.” Log in to Reply 22/01/2017 at 11:07 dozurdogbite says: But wait… On the horizon! A new dawn seems to be rising. Yes I can see them now, the Zon cpu family. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 09:00 ColonelFlanders says: To be honest I don’t see the point of getting horny over new CPUs. The i7 2600k which launched 6 years ago is still more than capable of running every game on its maximum settings. Anything above and beyond that is just us falling for their bollocks marketing. CPUs are so fast and changing so little, and the instruction set has been mega efficient for years. What AMD and Intel BOTH need to be doing is making graphics cards work a bit harder for the supper – they are horribly inefficient and need replacing every 3 years so that you don’t have to turn your games down to ‘snes mode’ to get them to run. Also widen them buses Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 10:14 Grovester says: Whilst people are right in saying that even a 4-5 year old CPU cuts the mustard in most games, there’s the counter-argument that other supporting technologies such as NVME SSD’s that have come in over the last few years, that a new Motherboard will utilise. That makes it worthwhile to upgrade once every five years or so, and if Ryzen is a good value CPU with a strong motherboard chipset behind it, then it could well be worth it. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:23 slartibartfast says: All I think when I hear people querying if a CPU is really that important for gaming is “but have you played ARMA?”. Seriously though there are a lot of games (albeit a lot of them early access) that depend massively on single core performance. I speak as a former AMD user that found this out the hard way. Log in to Reply 20/01/2017 at 12:25 slartibartfast says: Also I wonder how they intend on avoiding confusion with the Riesen chocolate chew??? Log in to Reply 21/01/2017 at 07:57 Saturday Boy says: I see the AMD CTO is a keynote speaker at the imagination technologies graphics summit in Santa Clara in about six weeks time. Could AMD be about to license PowerVR or Ray Tracing? Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> News and things Steam expands controller support, adds game-moving Get grasped Nvidia 1050: Cheap 1080p/60FPS Graphics? Overwatch this Steam Dev Days Goss: New Vive Controllers, Steam Link In TVs Whispers and snippets Get Gogged: Oculus Rift Hits European Retail Today Cyberdreams And much more… The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Wot I Think: Tiles & Tales - A 'free' game that forgets to cost money Getting stuffed on a free lunch Search for clues Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Boondock : “I noticed that the game looked really strange when I maxed out the settings, the ...” on Initial thoughts on Resi 7’s performance & Evil Deadiness thekelvingreen : “Sensible Golf wasn't brilliant, but it wasn't bad. I think reviewers were harsh towards it ...” on Have You Played… Sensible Golf? brucethemoose : “Anyone remember Ibiza in TDU2?” on Whoah! Rainbow Six Siege is going to Ibiza engion3 : “Waited a few months to buy it runs like complete garbage still, guess I'll wait ...” on Dishonored 2 adds custom difficulty & mission select engion3 : “I thought it looked discustingly awful and my buddy bought it for me. It's pretty ...” on Steam Charts: The Awakening The 50 best strategy games on PC Hit Parade Have You Played... Sensible Golf? Bigger people, smaller balls Steam Charts: The Awakening Actual 2017 games at last! The 50 Best Free Games On PC No free-to-play, just free. I didn't really want to write about Evangeline An Acadian Game The Tragedy of Timberwolf Mountain - A Long Dark Tale Touching the void IF Only: Text Adventures For People Who Hate Guessing The Verb Parsers Verbed Hidden Object Game: The Movie Take that, Big Fish The RPG Scrollbars: The genius in the inventory The Psychopath's Toybox Blood, Sweat & Laughter: The Beauty Of The Build Engine 2.5D remembered. Free Loaders: Flipping the bird in Helping Hand The best free games of the week What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? XCOM 2 Guide To Strategy, Performance, Mods & More Everything you need to know. Wot I Think: Urban Empire Protest vote Wot I Think - Warhammer 40K: Sanctus Reach Exciting battles but a dull campaign Best Fallout 4 Mods For graphics, weapons, the UI and more. The Flare Path: Propliner Perfection Tim ♥ Connie AMD's Ryzen: A gaming CPU worth waiting for? Terrible name, promising CPU All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5901 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.329% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  Review Review: Asus Strix Gaming X99 motherboard by  Bennett Ring  |  Friday 20 January 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 55 "There’s a whole lot of goodies packed onto this board, but perhaps what we’re most impressed by is the price." Price $565 AUD > Pricing info Specs Intel Socket 2011-v3 Core i7 X-Series Processors; 8 x DDR4 3333MHz slots; 3 x PCIe 3.0, 2 x PCIe 2.0, 1 x PCIe x1. Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Broadwell-E finds another home. While we’re not sold on the benefits of Broadwell-E as a gaming CPU except for those users who need extra PCIe lanes for multiple graphics cards and storage devices, it seems the industry doesn’t agree. There’s been a major push since Computex of X99 motherboards using the new LGA 2011-v3 socket, a slightly updated version of the X99 chipset that came out a couple of years ago. If you’re looking to build a machine around one of these many-cored beasts, Asus has just delivered its gaming branded board, the Strix Gaming X99. Strix is the sub-brand that Asus reserves for the very best of its Republic of Gamers brands, so you can expect this motherboard to come packed to the gills with gaming and overclocking tech.  Obviously, this board supports the new Intel Socket 2011-v3 Core i7 X-Series, and depending on which one you buy will decide on how many PCIe 3.0 lanes you’ll have access to. Most of them deliver a full 40 lanes of PCIe 3.0, giving you plenty of options when it comes to installing drives and graphics cards, and it’s this benefit that arguably makes Broadwell-E a compelling choice for hardcore PC owners, despite its lower clocks-peed and IPC than today’s 6th Gen Core CPUs. Asus has made use of such a huge number of PCIe lanes by providing plenty of opportunities to fill them up with data. There are three PCIe 3.0 slots, and thanks to all those PCIe lanes it can run triple SLI  x8/x16/x8; even though Nvidia doesn’t recommend anything more than dual SLI with its new GeForce GTX 10XX series. There’s also another PCIe 2.0 x16 lane, along with two more PCIe 2.0 x1. Considering this is an ATX board, the placement of all of these slots is a little cramped; good luck filling them all. There’s also a stack of room for memory, with a whopping eight memory slots delivering a total capacity of 128GB of DDR4 memory. Asus has rated this to run at a maximum speed of 3333MHz when overclocked, which isn’t too shabby considering just how many memory slots need to run in synch. Asus’ proprietary Aura RGB illumination is also included, which allows all compatible Asus Aura products to use the same lighting scheme, and also reacts to sounds in games. Asus has gone with Intel’s I218-V Ethernet solution, while Wi-Fi is delivered courtesy of Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, which apparently supports MU-MIMO.  Audio is very important for a gaming board, and Asus has used its SupremeFX shielded audio tech here. Asus claim an excellent 115db SNR, which is incredible for onboard audio, and it’s delivered via a Realtek 1150 chip with high-end amplifiers, capacitors and audio shield.  It also includes Asus’ controversial Sonic Radar II, software which puts an on-screen “radar” up to show you where gunfire is originating from – in other words, a bit of a cheat.  Once again we see Asus adding an extra pin to the CPU socket for overclockers, which is meant to deliver higher, more stable frequencies. It apparently does so by stabilising the frequency delivered to the CPU. More interesting though is the ability to adjust the cache-bus voltage, which seems unique to Asus products. There’s also a specific water pump header, high-amp fan controllers, as well as an external fan extension header if you’d like to build your own windfarm.  There’s a whole lot of goodies packed onto this board, but perhaps what we’re most impressed by is the price. We expected the Strix brand to come packing a $750 price tag, but Asus has delivered all of this for $565, which is very competitive compared to the competition. It’s pure overkill for most of us, but that’s what the Strix brand is for – while most of us are happy running the equivalent of a Lotus Elise PC, some want a Bugatti, and that’s who this board is aimed at.  Related Reviews Review: Asus ZenBook Flip UX360UA convertible laptop Review: Asus Zenbook 3 UX390 is a super-thin delight Review: Asus PCE-AC88 AC3100 Asus ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Review: Asus ROG Strix GL502 Gaming Laptop Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  asus  |  gaming board  |  memory slots  |  review  |  strix gaming x99  |  x99 motherboard   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Anonymous threatens Donald Trump. Again     Sorry Graeme, your legal sticks won’t stop piracy     The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it?     Hands-on Preview: Razer Blade Pro (2016)     Review: GeForce GTX 1060 Founder’s Edition   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Kaby Lake-X and Skylake-X processors delayed to August << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS 80% of IoT devices not tested for security flaws, says Ponemon Institute << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Corsair MM800 RGB Polaris mouse pad << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS A user's guide to surviving Trump << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus Strix Gaming X99 motherboard << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Devs behind Mordheim: City of the Damned announce Necromunda: Underhive Wars << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Antec and EK Water Blocks join forces for new Cube PC case << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD PC << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Acronis True Image Next Generation brings anti-ransomware, blockchain-based features << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS AMD releases new Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.1.1 drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Kaby Lake-X and Skylake-X processors delayed to August Review One Minute Review: Corsair MM800 RGB Polaris mouse pad Feature The best new indie games on Steam: January 2017 Edition Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 36 top productivity-enhancing mobile apps How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Sydney MSP Brennan IT cracks $93 million in first year under new CEO Stephen Sims Ignia director Joshua Boys joins Microsoft as new Azure lead Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' NBN Co anticipating 'new problems' in metro rollout CEO ousted in AISA coup Meet Qld Health's five new technology execs 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,353 Reviews & Articles | 53,840 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Press Releases Motherboards Light up your gaming with BIOSTAR B250 motherboard series Posted: 4 days, 21 hours ago | Motherboards Press Releases | Stock Ticker: TPE:2399, NASDAQ:INTC Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA BIOSTAR is proud to announce its line-up of new motherboards based on the Intel B250 chipset as part of the 2nd-generation RACING series family of products with the announcement of the BIOSTAR RACING B250GT5 and B250GT3. Both motherboards support Intel's 7th-generation Core processors as well as native support for Intel Optane Memory technology for next-generation high-speed storage.     More LED possibilities with BIOSTAR's new feature: 5050 LED Fun Zone   The BIOSTAR RACING B250GT5 will have an MSRP of $109 and will come bundled with a BIOSTAR VIVID LED fan. The BIOSTAR RACING B250GT3 will have an MSRP of $79.   BIOSTAR 2nd-Gen RACING B250 Motherboard Series Lets You Light It Your Way   The new BIOSTAR B250 series motherboard will support processors for the LGA1151 socket and will have native support for DDR4-2400 memory. Both motherboard in the series will feature high-reliability Intel LAN ethernet solution with built-in BIOSTAR LAN surge protection for maximum protection. Built-in M.2 connectors allow high-speed storage support. Both motherboards are also protected by BIOSTAR DUAL-BIOS technology which allows you to recover from a defective BIOS update or corruption in an instant.   The B250 family of 2nd-Gen RACING series motherboards from BIOSTAR all features VIVID LED DJ support and two 5050 LED Fun Zone headers for full customization freedom. Be future-ready with BIOSTAR RACING series for tomorrow's storage technology with built-in Intel Optane Memory support.   VIVID LED DJ Design your own LED effect with BIOSTAR VIVID LED DJ. Control your motherboard LED light via VIVID LED DJ utility including special effects like music-reactive LED animation.   5050 LED Fun Zone The brand-new 5050 LED Fun Zone comes with two 5050 LED headers to bring more colorful lighting options to DIY lovers. This improves upon the original feature allowing for a much more flexible way of adding lights to your system.   Experience Intense Armor Warfare with World of Tanks together with BIOSTAR RACING Series   Indulge in the most realistic armored warfare experience with BIOSTAR and World of Tanks as they bring gamers closer to the actual battlefield with superb performance. Enjoy the BIOSTAR advantage in World of Tanks when you buy a BIOSTAR RACING motherboard, VGA or gaming peripheral where you will receive an exclusive invite codes for premium gift packs for World of Tanks Asia server players. Charge into battle with the BIOSTAR advantage. Specifications   Recommended for You TYAN's servers and motherboards add support for new... BIOSTAR announces Z270 motherboard lineup ZOTAC unleashes nForce 630i-ITX motherboard ECS claims first Intel vPro AMT 5.0 certified mobo Related Tags BIOSTAR Intel Got an opinion? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Xbox boss 'really happy' on Project Scorpio's progress First footage of Nintendo Switch's touchscreen in action Faraday Future receives only 60 deposits for the FF 91 Huawei P10 to have the highest pricing in the series Honor 8 successor comes with 6GB of RAM and 128GB ROMView More News Posts Forum Activity Asrock B150M-HDS problem How do i brake the boot loop? (no post) Z170X Gamming 5 - Sata Expansion alternatives Gigabyte (Business) Partner Questions Upgrading to Z270View More Forum Posts Press Releases AVerMedia's AVerCaster HEVC RS9280 brings 3G-SDI to professional 4K HEVC video Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus 12 LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition Radiator Fan with Riing Plus RGB Software Call of Duty World League (CWL) presented by PlayStation 4 invades Texas with CWL Open Event PAX South attendees can play Nintendo Switch before it launches Acer unveils versatile and robust TravelMate Spin B1 convertible notebook at BETT 2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Computerworld New Zealand How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory Tsinghua Unigroup is investing $30 billion in a factory that will make DRAM and flash storage, striking at the heart of a chip battle between the US and China Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 07:30 - - - - print email Comments For China, actions speak louder than words, especially in the escalating chip battle with the U.S., which has been hurling out verbal threats in recent months. The Chinese chip infrastructure is getting a serious boost from Tsinghua Unigroup, which is investing US$30 billion in a new foundry to make chips. The state-owned Tsinghua Holdings is a majority shareholder in Tsinghua Unigroup. This news comes just two weeks after U.S. accused China of rigging the chip market and artificially reducing the prices of semiconductors. The tough talk came from the administration of former President Barack Obama but will continue under Donald Trump, who was sworn in as president Friday. The factory in Nanjing will primarily make 3D NAND flash and DRAM chips to bulk up the country's semiconductor and storage markets. The first stage of investment will be $10 billion and produce 100,000 chips per month. The manufacturing facilities will stretch over 1,500 acres, or 2.34 square miles. Beyond the investment in the chip factory, Tsinghua Unigroup will also invest about $4.3 billion to build a complimentary IC (integrated circuit) international city that will include a science technology park, a school, commercial facilities, and apartments. China has a poor chip-manufacturing infrastructure, and this investment should fill a hole in the country's long-term effort to be self-reliant with technology products. Companies like Intel, Samsung, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.) and GlobalFoundries, which invest billions in fabs, will feel the pinch. Intel and GlobalFoundries operate factories in the U.S., and those companies also spend billions to upgrade manufacturing facilities. But the U.S. will certainly take notice. Earlier this month, a White House working group said China was not playing fair in the semiconductor market, by artificially reducing the prices of chips through government assistance. The working group, called the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology or PCAST, recommended the U.S. respond to the Chinese chip threat by investing more in innovation and education and creating new types of quantum and neuromorphic computers. The U.S. and China have conflicting technology agendas. China has made it difficult for U.S. technology companies to do business in the country. Most hardware companies have turned to partnerships or joint ventures to operate, with the Chinese government having some level of ownership. Security and intellectual property theft have also been major U.S. concerns. The U.S. has been placing more emphasis on China's semiconductor market in recent months. China today hosts the world's fastest supercomputer called TaihuLight. Fast supercomputers are used in weapons development, economic forecasts, and scientific research, making them central to a country's security and economic strategies. The U.S. in the past has banned the export of supercomputing chips to China, citing concerns that it could be against U.S. national interests. In 2014, China said it would invest $150 billion to subsidize chip development over a 10-year period. That's partly because China wants 70 percent of devices in the country to use homegrown chips by 2025. That investment helped spur the development of low-cost semiconductors, which are also shipping outside China. But the U.S. charges that Chinese semiconductors are inferior and have affected the quality of devices. The flood of Chinese chips has slowed down demand for chips and hurt the bottom line of U.S. companies, giving them less money to spend on the research and development of new chip technologies. Products like the iPhone and iPad are assembled in Chinese factories, helping to keep down the price of those devices. The cheap Chinese chips have also reduced the cost related to building electronics, appliances, and cars. U.S. companies are also moving factories to China, which offers a cheaper way to make chips. Intel is making its memory chips at a factory in Dalian, China. Cloud Flexibility Freeing New Zealand Businesses From the Tyranny of Distance More from Interactive Intelligence Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags hacking More about IntelSamsungTaiwan Semiconductor ManufacturingTechnologyTSMC Editor's Recommendations Inland Revenue to invest $25m in knowledge management Kiwi exporters to gain from Customs data sharing with China Statistics NZ opts for Fujitsu’s Citrix-based desktop-as-a-service Southern Cross deploys SDN to serve Pacific Islands Bosch backs Kiwi email reading app for in-car use Taxpayers Union says Motu study shows UFB a waste of money Related Whitepapers EMA Survey Report Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Avaya says bankruptcy is a step toward software and services Samsung sees 2016 profit jump despite Note 7 debacle As security vendors double down on ANZ, businesses must tap resources to ... CSO Online In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO New details emerge about Intel's super-small Euclid computer for robots New details emerge about Intel's super-small Euclid computer for robots Intel's Euclid computer for robots operates on a battery, has an HDMI port, 3D RealSense camera, Atom processor, and a range wireless sensors Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 09:04 - - - - print email Comments Intel is getting proficient at developing small computers. First, came its Compute Sticks and then its credit-card-shaped Compute Cards. But nothing's quite like the mysterious Euclid, which is a self-contained computer the size of a thumb designed to be the brains and eyes of a robot. More details have emerged about the computer, which was announced in August and has yet to be released. The Euclid is so small and light that's possible to hold like a pen. It has a built-in 3D RealSense camera, making it like a PC fused into a Microsoft Kinect. [Related: The best Japan Robot, gadget and car expo gallery] The design makes it possible to install the Euclid where the eyes of a human-like robot would be typically placed. The 3D RealSense camera will act as the eyes of a robot, capturing images in real-time and helping with movement. Euclid has motion and position sensors that can help the robot move around both indoors and outdoors. Intel announced and demonstrated the Euclid computer in a robot moving on stage during CEO Brian Krzanich's keynote at the Intel Developer Forum in August. The Euclid Developer Kit launch page is up on the website of Mouser Electronics. Intel didn't provide a specific launch date or pricing. Once the Euclid is placed in a robot, it can be operated remotely through a mobile device or PC. The Euclid has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity to communicate with the PC. The Euclid can also "serve as a full, autonomous brain with sensing capabilities, or as a smart sensor controlled by a more powerful computer," Mouser states on its website. The computer has GPS capabilities for navigation. The Euclid presentation about RealSense technologies last year at the Roscon robotics conference. The Atom CPU provides the horsepower to process and analyze the images collected by the 3D camera. The CPU will drive a robot's movement and help it complete tasks. The ZR300 is a 1080p camera bundled with an infrared camera and an infrared laser projector. The combined features will help robots get a better sense of depth and motion, which will aid in movement. The device operates on a battery and has environmental sensors on the back. One sensor is a barometric pressure sensor. Additionally, it has a microphone and speakers, and HDMI and USB 3.0 slots. Euclid supports Linux-based Ubuntu OS and Robotics Operating System (ROS), which typically sits on top of an OS. It will also support Arduino, a software package commonly used by developers to create basic electronics. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags robots More about IntelLinuxMicrosoftUbuntu Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Dell EMC Global data protection index II The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed Email Security in a Zero Trust World Latest Jobs Java Developer SA Cloud Solution Architect - Financial Services - Continuous Integration NSW Regional Sales Manager - Telco/ICT - Employer of choice QLD System Administrator QLD Junior Business Analyst NSW Digital Business Analyst l Salesforce NSW .Net Developer VIC Senior Test Analyst - DETE QLD Project Manager - Telco VIC Project Director VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Your top 5 priorities this year, according to Forrester Samsung details 8-point battery safety check for all new devices ​Reviewing first SAP Security update in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge Court denies US government appeal in Microsoft overseas email case ​Android HummingBad malware returns to Google Play Report: Half of ransomware's SMB victims pay up Pompeo sworn in as CIA chief amid opposition from surveillance critics Computerworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Independent review of ATO outage begins Apple quashes bugs in iOS, macOS and Safari Optus rolls out more small cells in NT, SA ARN HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend Optus ramps up regional mobile coverage Dell EMC: Behind the makings of a global channel program Techworld LinkedIn pumps water down to its server racks, uses an interesting spine and leaf network fabric Lenovo tunes N23 Yoga Chromebook for Android apps with ARM processor Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 U.S. solar industry passes oil, coal and gas for job creation Cisco's all-in-one Spark Board puts the cloud on a wall CMO Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge The Outnet offers ‘personalised approach’ with refreshed brand strategy RedBalloon gets new CMO, CTO CMO-CIO NZ roundtable: Shifting gears from digital enablement to business transformation Guzman y Gomez appoints new marketing chief Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Computerworld How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory Tsinghua Unigroup is investing $30 billion in a factory that will make DRAM and flash storage, striking at the heart of a chip battle between the US and China Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 07:30 - - - - print email Comments For China, actions speak louder than words, especially in the escalating chip battle with the U.S., which has been hurling out verbal threats in recent months. The Chinese chip infrastructure is getting a serious boost from Tsinghua Unigroup, which is investing US$30 billion in a new foundry to make chips. The state-owned Tsinghua Holdings is a majority shareholder in Tsinghua Unigroup. This news comes just two weeks after U.S. accused China of rigging the chip market and artificially reducing the prices of semiconductors. The tough talk came from the administration of former President Barack Obama but will continue under Donald Trump, who was sworn in as president Friday. The factory in Nanjing will primarily make 3D NAND flash and DRAM chips to bulk up the country's semiconductor and storage markets. The first stage of investment will be $10 billion and produce 100,000 chips per month. The manufacturing facilities will stretch over 1,500 acres, or 2.34 square miles. Beyond the investment in the chip factory, Tsinghua Unigroup will also invest about $4.3 billion to build a complimentary IC (integrated circuit) international city that will include a science technology park, a school, commercial facilities, and apartments. China has a poor chip-manufacturing infrastructure, and this investment should fill a hole in the country's long-term effort to be self-reliant with technology products. Companies like Intel, Samsung, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.) and GlobalFoundries, which invest billions in fabs, will feel the pinch. Intel and GlobalFoundries operate factories in the U.S., and those companies also spend billions to upgrade manufacturing facilities. But the U.S. will certainly take notice. Earlier this month, a White House working group said China was not playing fair in the semiconductor market, by artificially reducing the prices of chips through government assistance. The working group, called the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology or PCAST, recommended the U.S. respond to the Chinese chip threat by investing more in innovation and education and creating new types of quantum and neuromorphic computers. The U.S. and China have conflicting technology agendas. China has made it difficult for U.S. technology companies to do business in the country. Most hardware companies have turned to partnerships or joint ventures to operate, with the Chinese government having some level of ownership. Security and intellectual property theft have also been major U.S. concerns. The U.S. has been placing more emphasis on China's semiconductor market in recent months. China today hosts the world's fastest supercomputer called TaihuLight. Fast supercomputers are used in weapons development, economic forecasts, and scientific research, making them central to a country's security and economic strategies. The U.S. in the past has banned the export of supercomputing chips to China, citing concerns that it could be against U.S. national interests. In 2014, China said it would invest $150 billion to subsidize chip development over a 10-year period. That's partly because China wants 70 percent of devices in the country to use homegrown chips by 2025. That investment helped spur the development of low-cost semiconductors, which are also shipping outside China. But the U.S. charges that Chinese semiconductors are inferior and have affected the quality of devices. The flood of Chinese chips has slowed down demand for chips and hurt the bottom line of U.S. companies, giving them less money to spend on the research and development of new chip technologies. Products like the iPhone and iPad are assembled in Chinese factories, helping to keep down the price of those devices. The cheap Chinese chips have also reduced the cost related to building electronics, appliances, and cars. U.S. companies are also moving factories to China, which offers a cheaper way to make chips. Intel is making its memory chips at a factory in Dalian, China. Demand for 3rd Party ERP Support Soars More from Rimini Street Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags hacking More about IntelSamsungTaiwan Semiconductor ManufacturingTechnologyTSMC Editor's Recommendations Independent review of ATO outage begins ASD to brief political parties on hacking threat DNS: The ‘Achilles’ Heel’ of the Internet GreenSync eyes global opportunities Government eyes regional cyber security boost WA govt signs contracts for GovNext overhaul Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS Cyber Ransom Survival Guide: The Growing Threat of Ransomware and RDoS – and What to Do About It Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Your phone: Smarter in 2017, says Deloitte Microsoft to retire original Windows 10 on March 26 As security vendors double down on ANZ, businesses must tap resources to ... CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Optus rolls out small cells in WA Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Trending: Which mobile data provider is best? Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Want to run your own Amazon 'region'? Stratoscale shows you how Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The essential guide to anti-malware tools The state of the IT contractor job market in 2017 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management IT Industry News China responds to U.S. chip threats with a $30 billion factory Tsinghua Unigroup is investing $30 billion in a factory that will make DRAM and flash storage, striking at the heart of a chip battle between the U.S. and China By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 20, 2017 1:00 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Jack Dongarra's report on TaihuLight system More like this As Trump presidency nears, U.S. warns China on semiconductors U.S. government warns China to play fair in the chip market Worried about China, the U.S. pushes for homegrown chip development Video 6 startups from CES to watch in 2017 For China, actions speak louder than words, especially in the escalating chip battle with the U.S., which has been hurling out verbal threats in recent months. The Chinese chip infrastructure is getting a serious boost from Tsinghua Unigroup, which is investing $30 billion in a new foundry to make chips. The state-owned Tsinghua Holdings is a majority shareholder in Tsinghua Unigroup. This news after the U.S. accused China of rigging the chip market and artificially reducing the prices of semiconductors. The tough talk came from the administration of former President Barack Obama but will continue under Donald Trump, who was sworn in as president Friday. The factory in Nanjing will primarily make 3D NAND flash and DRAM chips to bulk up the country's semiconductor and storage markets. The first stage of investment will be $10 billion and produce 100,000 chips per month. The manufacturing facilities will stretch over 1,500 acres, or 2.34 square miles. [ Further reading: China builds world's fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips ] Beyond the investment in the chip factory, Tsinghua Unigroup will also invest about $4.3 billion to build a complimentary IC (integrated circuit) international city that will include a science technology park, a school, commercial facilities, and apartments. China has a poor chip-manufacturing infrastructure, and this investment should fill a hole in the country's long-term effort to be self-reliant with technology products. Companies like Intel, Samsung, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.) and GlobalFoundries, which invest billions in fabs, will feel the pinch. Intel and GlobalFoundries operate factories in the U.S., and those companies also spend billions to upgrade manufacturing facilities. But the U.S. will certainly take notice. Earlier this month, a White House working group said China was not playing fair in the semiconductor market, by artificially reducing the prices of chips through government assistance. The working group, called the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology or PCAST, recommended the U.S. respond to the Chinese chip threat by investing more in innovation and education and creating new types of quantum and neuromorphic computers. The U.S. and China have conflicting technology agendas. China has made it difficult for U.S. technology companies to do business in the country. Most hardware companies have turned to partnerships or joint ventures to operate, with the Chinese government having some level of ownership. Security and intellectual property theft have also been major U.S. concerns. The U.S. has been placing more emphasis on China's semiconductor market in recent months. China today hosts the world's fastest supercomputer called TaihuLight. Fast supercomputers are used in weapons development, economic forecasts, and scientific research, making them central to a country's security and economic strategies. The U.S. in the past has banned the export of supercomputing chips to China, citing concerns that it could be against U.S. national interests. In 2014, China said it would invest $150 billion to subsidize chip development over a 10-year period. That's partly because China wants 70 percent of devices in the country to use homegrown chips by 2025. That investment helped spur the development of low-cost semiconductors, which are also shipping outside China. But the U.S. charges that Chinese semiconductors are inferior and have affected the quality of devices. The flood of Chinese chips has slowed down demand for chips and hurt the bottom line of U.S. companies, giving them less money to spend on the research and development of new chip technologies. Products like the iPhone and iPad are assembled in Chinese factories, helping to keep down the price of those devices. The cheap Chinese chips have also reduced the cost related to building electronics, appliances, and cars. U.S. companies are also moving factories to China, which offers a cheaper way to make chips. Intel is making its memory chips at a factory in Dalian, China. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Industry Computer Processors Computer Hardware Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper Benefits of As-a-Service Models for Branch Infrastructure White Paper Customer Identity Comes Into Focus: Five Predictions for 2017 Video/Webcast Sponsored Spot and Correct Failures Fast: Using Hadoop in the Cloud - an IBM Webinar White Paper Turning Anonymous Shoppers into Known Customers White Paper Why Identity is at the Heart of the IoT Go Top Stories HP recalls 101,000 more laptop batteries for fire hazard HP is recalling more laptop batteries that pose a fire hazard and could cause computer damage. 30 tasty tips for Android Nougat Take full advantage of your phone's latest features with this collection of 30 tips for Android Nougat... Why Apple will make smart glasses Instead of making unfashionable smart glasses, Apple will make fashionable glasses smart. Silicon Valley speaks up against intolerance A viral ad from Amazon has gotten a lot of attention, but it’s even better that several companies are... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory How does China respond to US chip threats? With a $30 billion factory Tsinghua Unigroup is investing $30 billion in a factory that will make DRAM and flash storage, striking at the heart of a chip battle between the US and China Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 07:30 - - - - print email Comments For China, actions speak louder than words, especially in the escalating chip battle with the U.S., which has been hurling out verbal threats in recent months. The Chinese chip infrastructure is getting a serious boost from Tsinghua Unigroup, which is investing US$30 billion in a new foundry to make chips. The state-owned Tsinghua Holdings is a majority shareholder in Tsinghua Unigroup. This news comes just two weeks after U.S. accused China of rigging the chip market and artificially reducing the prices of semiconductors. The tough talk came from the administration of former President Barack Obama but will continue under Donald Trump, who was sworn in as president Friday. The factory in Nanjing will primarily make 3D NAND flash and DRAM chips to bulk up the country's semiconductor and storage markets. The first stage of investment will be $10 billion and produce 100,000 chips per month. The manufacturing facilities will stretch over 1,500 acres, or 2.34 square miles. Beyond the investment in the chip factory, Tsinghua Unigroup will also invest about $4.3 billion to build a complimentary IC (integrated circuit) international city that will include a science technology park, a school, commercial facilities, and apartments. China has a poor chip-manufacturing infrastructure, and this investment should fill a hole in the country's long-term effort to be self-reliant with technology products. Companies like Intel, Samsung, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.) and GlobalFoundries, which invest billions in fabs, will feel the pinch. Intel and GlobalFoundries operate factories in the U.S., and those companies also spend billions to upgrade manufacturing facilities. But the U.S. will certainly take notice. Earlier this month, a White House working group said China was not playing fair in the semiconductor market, by artificially reducing the prices of chips through government assistance. The working group, called the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology or PCAST, recommended the U.S. respond to the Chinese chip threat by investing more in innovation and education and creating new types of quantum and neuromorphic computers. The U.S. and China have conflicting technology agendas. China has made it difficult for U.S. technology companies to do business in the country. Most hardware companies have turned to partnerships or joint ventures to operate, with the Chinese government having some level of ownership. Security and intellectual property theft have also been major U.S. concerns. The U.S. has been placing more emphasis on China's semiconductor market in recent months. China today hosts the world's fastest supercomputer called TaihuLight. Fast supercomputers are used in weapons development, economic forecasts, and scientific research, making them central to a country's security and economic strategies. The U.S. in the past has banned the export of supercomputing chips to China, citing concerns that it could be against U.S. national interests. In 2014, China said it would invest $150 billion to subsidize chip development over a 10-year period. That's partly because China wants 70 percent of devices in the country to use homegrown chips by 2025. That investment helped spur the development of low-cost semiconductors, which are also shipping outside China. But the U.S. charges that Chinese semiconductors are inferior and have affected the quality of devices. The flood of Chinese chips has slowed down demand for chips and hurt the bottom line of U.S. companies, giving them less money to spend on the research and development of new chip technologies. Products like the iPhone and iPad are assembled in Chinese factories, helping to keep down the price of those devices. The cheap Chinese chips have also reduced the cost related to building electronics, appliances, and cars. U.S. companies are also moving factories to China, which offers a cheaper way to make chips. Intel is making its memory chips at a factory in Dalian, China. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags hacking More about IntelSamsungTaiwan Semiconductor ManufacturingTechnologyTSMC Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Dell EMC Global data protection index II The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed Email Security in a Zero Trust World Latest Jobs Regional Sales Manager - Telco/ICT - Employer of choice QLD Web Developer SA Dynamics CRM Technical Delivery Manager VIC Project Services Opportunities SA Devops Engineer VIC Business Project Manager Integration NSW Junior Project Manager QLD Data Analyst VIC Program Manager NSW Salesforce Technical Business Analyst (Brisbane based) Other Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​WA government finalises contracts for IT overhaul ​ME exploring artificial intelligence The week in security: Hackers plunder online databases as Trump nominee flags ... CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge Court denies US government appeal in Microsoft overseas email case Report: Half of ransomware's SMB victims pay up Pompeo sworn in as CIA chief amid opposition from surveillance critics As security vendors double down on ANZ, businesses must tap resources to survive 2017 unscathed Computerworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Independent review of ATO outage begins Apple quashes bugs in iOS, macOS and Safari Optus rolls out more small cells in NT, SA ARN HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend Optus ramps up regional mobile coverage Dell EMC: Behind the makings of a global channel program Techworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 U.S. solar industry passes oil, coal and gas for job creation Cisco's all-in-one Spark Board puts the cloud on a wall Box launches standalone Notes app to help teams collaborate HP recalls over 100,000 more laptop batteries for fire hazard CMO The Outnet offers ‘personalised approach’ with refreshed brand strategy RedBalloon gets new CMO, CTO CMO-CIO NZ roundtable: Shifting gears from digital enablement to business transformation Guzman y Gomez appoints new marketing chief Fairfax uses eye tracking study to provide digital ad effectiveness Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health

Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      NVIDIA Could Be Kingmaker As Linux, BlackBerry, Microsoft Battle For The Connected Car Related Content Topic :  Vulnerabilities and Patches  Weaknesses require a fix. Don't leave your system open to attack. Blog :  Nothing Artificial About AI’s Attractiveness to Business Article :  Artificial Intelligence: Present Trends and Its Future NVIDIA Could Be Kingmaker as Linux, BlackBerry, Microsoft Battle for the Connected Car Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 20 Jan, 2017          |         |     Share This last week, I saw presentations from AGL (Automotive Grade Linux) and Microsoft in their battle for the connected car. It reminded me a lot of the early days of the PC: lots of platforms from very different kinds of companies, but only one clear leader. Ironically, that leader is BlackBerry, largely because QNX is already entrenched in the automotive world. But none of these efforts have fully pivoted yet to self-driving cars on the hardware side. NVIDIA is currently dominant, with Qualcomm and Intel trailing, making this a very interesting and very different dynamic. This is really a time when partnerships between the technology players could make a huge difference, but everyone seems to be in their own boat at the moment. That suggests that this is closer to being anyone’s game than many realize. Hardware vs. Software for Self-Driving Cars We start with a class of vendors, car makers, that don’t partner well, are relatively slow moving and, for the most part, don’t get technology. This really suggests to me a massive disruption. A number of new car makers, with Tesla in the lead, are moving to fully disrupt the market on either the pivot to electrical cars or self-driving cars, or both. Since, as Tesla has showcased, the move to the next generation of cars will take us to something far closer to rolling computers, the same kind of evolution is likely. This means that the current hardware-based power structure could switch to a software and component dynamic, which is what both the NVIDIA-led hardware effort and BlackBerry-led software group are betting on. That suggests that the partnership that would be nearly impossible to beat would be NVIDIA and BlackBerry. And if the market standardized on NVIDIA’s Drive PX 2 platform and QNX, the market would lock out most of the other players, much like Intel and Microsoft did with PCs. But we have another dynamic in play and that is AGL and open source. AGL Wild Card Car companies are not fans of lock in and have had a high affinity, at least outside of the U.S., for Linux and the idea that they can effectively have their cake and eat it too. In other words, they can still standardize on AGL but customize it enough to meet their unique needs, getting a blend of standards and lowering their cost and time to market and differentiable customization. This bets that cars will be more like servers, and not PC or smartphones, in that the common applications will be few and customized apps will rule, which is consistent with the way the market is. With smartphone interfaces for broader app support, this would appear to be one of the more interesting platforms, were it not for the fact that, like many Linux projects, AGL seems underfunded. To work, it also requires a higher level of cooperation between car companies than they are currently used to and may be comfortable with. Microsoft Microsoft is another potential disruptive entry. While under Steve Ballmer, this effort would have had little chance of success, given that the firm lost Ford as its biggest car supporter, but Satya Nadella as CEO seems to have a clue and understands that a huge potential advantage could be the Azure development platform, which is central to the effort. But to win, Microsoft will need to substantially increase its level of investment, find synergy with additional Microsoft products currently not optimized or even appropriate for cars, and execute far better than it did with Ford Sync and AutoPC. BlackBerry As noted, BlackBerry’s QNX is the closest thing we have to an entrenched product and the firm has cut distractions to focus more tightly on this automotive opportunity. Because the company has been engaged with the car companies the longest, it knows the market and its players more deeply and should be able to dominate. But given that self-driving cars are still, and likely will remain, mostly in test for the next several years and Tesla, likely first to market, doesn’t appear to be using the platform, its leadership position remains precarious. It is interesting to note that BlackBerry did pick up Ford from Microsoft. Wrapping Up: Who Will Define the Self-Driving Car Segment Overall, I think the hardware vendors, NVIDIA, Qualcomm and Intel, are far more focused on this market than any of the software vendors, and that partnering up could better showcase the coming winners and losers than going it alone now does. In effect, we are waiting for the same kind of moment that Microsoft and IBM made when they partnered on DOS and the modern PC was born, to define the self-driving car segment. We’ll see who gets it first. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan 2017's best Linux laptop: The latest Dell XPS 13 Dell continues to build the best out-of-the-box Linux and open-source laptops. Check out the latest Dell XPS 13 developer edition and you'll see what I mean. BySteven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Linux and Open Source | January 20, 2017 -- 19:38 GMT (11:38 PST) | Topic: Hardware If you still think laptops are generic and the only difference between them are their price-tags, Dell invites you to think again. The latest Dell XPS 13 developer editon is everything a programmer could want from a high-end laptop. The latest Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition is the best of the best Linux laptops. (Image: CNET) You don't have to believe me. Linus Torvalds himself picked out the Dell XPS 13 for his Linux laptop. Special Feature Cloud - How to Do SaaS Right Software as a Service offers irresistible benefits for organizations of all sizes — from cost savings to scalability to mobile accessibility. Read More Why? I'll let the features speak for themselves. For starters, the high-end model in the new line is powered by an 2.7Ghz four-core Intel i7-7500U Kaby Lake chip backed by 16GB of RAM and a 512GB solid state drive. Kaby Lake is Intel's newest, best processor. It's built-in Intel HD Graphics 620 is the fastest, most-powerful graphics engine in Intel's history. No, it's not as fast as a top-of-the-line, dedicated graphics chip, such as a Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M or AMD Radeon PRO 455, but if you're not doing video-editing, the 620 is more than powerful enough for programming, normal use, or Linux gaming. For networking, the XPS 13 uses a Killer 1535 802.11ac 2x2 Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 chipset. No, "killer" is an adjective. It's a high-end 802.11ac Wave 2 Wi-Fi chipset from Qualcomm/Athero. It's Linux drivers are open source and the firmware is now upstream. It also supports 802.11a/b/g/n/ac. If you pair it with a top-of-the-line Wi-Fi router, like the Linksys WRT1900ACS that supports Wave 2, you can see real-world speeds of over 500Mbps. That's a good thing, because one thing the XPS 13 lacks is a Gigabit Ethernet port. As for its other ports, the new XPS 13 has a pair of USB 3.0 ports. There's one on each edge and one with PowerShare. There's also a USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 port, an SD card reader, and a 3.5mm headset jack. For its display, it uses a fabulous 13.3-inch (3,200-by-1,800) IPS touchscreen. Making it even more lovely, Dell's InfinityEdge display turns its screen into what otherwise looks like an ultra-light 11-inch laptop. With its aluminum frame, it's also sturdy. At 2.7 pounds, it's a great grab-and-go laptop. There is one design quirk: To make the most of the screen real-estate while using little bezel as possible, the 720p webcam is in the display's bottom-left corner. It matters less in practice than I thought it would, but it takes getting used to. As it should be on a laptop meant for serious coding, the keyboard and touchpad are great. I'm very picky about keyboards -- I use a restored Avant Stellar keyboard on my PC, which costs more than a low-end laptop -- and the XPS 13 keyboard is a pleasure to use. Dell claims the XPS 13 can run for 22 hours if you get the model with the lower-resolution 1920x1080 display. With the i7 I tested and the high-resolution screen, I saw battery life that came in at about 13 hours. Unless you're flying non-stop from Los Angeles, Calif., to Sydney, Australia, you won't have any battery worries. Ubuntu 16.04 LTS works well on the system, but other Linux distros also do just fine on it. I used Linux Mint 18.1 and openSUSE Leap 42.2 on it. The one caution I'd add is that while GNOME and GNOME-related desktop managers, such as Ubuntu Unity and Cinnamon, work well with the display, the KDE Plasma Desktop has trouble scaling with this display. This isn't a problem with the Dell itself but with how KDE has trouble with any High Dots Per Inch (HiDPI), aka Retina display. The Dell XPS 13 comes in four versions: i5/8GB/128GB, FHD - $949.99 i5/8GB/256GB, FHD - $1,349.99 i7/8GB/256GB, QHD+ (touch) in Rose Gold - $1,599.99 i7/16GB/512GB, QHD+ (touch) - $1,799.99 The top-end model, which is the one I reviewed, costs $200 less than the last run of Ubuntu-powered Dell XPS 13s Is it worth the money? Let me put it this way: Do you want to use the best possible tools for your daily work, or do you want to pay just enough to get by? If, like me, your answer is you want the best to be the best, then you'll get the XPS 13, and you'll be glad you did. Related Stories: CES 2017: Dell's killer new XPS 13 2-in-1 Dell XPS 13 (2016) review: Powerful, light and well-made Dell updates Torvalds' preferred XPS 13 laptop: New Intel chips, rose-gold finish Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Google is bringing AI to your Raspberry Pi Storage Toshiba unveils 6TB N300 high-reliability hard drives for NAS SMBs Netgear Arlo: A battery-powered wireless security camera system we really wanted to like Hardware Don't panic: Despite Galaxy Note 7 fires, batteries are incredibly safe × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Mobile Security Market Synopsis and Highlights, Key Findings, Major Companies Analysis, Market Share and Forecast to 2022 Mobile Security Market Synopsis and Highlights, Key Findings, Major Companies Analysis, Market Share and Forecast to 2022 Posted on January 20, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Mobile Security Market has grown rapidly; this market research report presents a detailed analysis of the key vendors, The market has been segmented on the basis of Method, Application, Threat Type, Region Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 01/20/2017 — Market Scenario The major growth driver of Mobile Security Market includes growing usage of smartphones and various apps, growing technology addiction for improving lifestyle, and rise in data security threats such as cyber-attacks among others. However, technology limitation and lack of awareness about technical threats via internet are some of the factors which are hindering the growth of Mobile Security Market. Key Players Some of the major players in Global Mobile Security Market include -Symantec Corporation (U.S.), -Microsoft corporation (U.S.), -Google Inc. (U.S.), -IBM Corporation (U.S.), -AVG Technologies (Netherlands), -Intel security group (U.S.), -Kaspersky Lab (Russia), -Apple Inc. (U.S.), -AT&T Inc. (U.S.), -Verizon Communication Inc. (U.S.) among others. Industry News: -Verizon has acquired Fleetmatics in January 2016. Through this acquisition Verizon wishes to increase fleet management solution market and also to increase its distribution channel in the industry. -Intel security group announced about its expansion of partner ecosystem by adding 24 partners to the Intel Security Innovation alliance. The expansion is done to increase the integrated security solutions Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1192 "Analysis also includes consumption. Import and export data for Regions North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India." Segments Segmentation by Threat Type: -mobile malware, -Eavesdropping, -unauthorized access, -theft & loss, -unlicensed application among others. Segmentation by Methods: -multi-factor authentication, -containerized deployment, -data encryption and software. Segmentation by Applications: -consumer electronics, -healthcare, -telecommunication, -education and government, -aerospace & defense, -banking & finance among others. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 110 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on "Mobile Security Market Research Report- Global Forecast to 2022" Objective Study of Mobile Security Market: -To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 10 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the global Mobile Security Market. -To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. -To Analyze the Mobile Security Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc. -To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). -To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective -To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by threat type, by method, by applications and sub-segments. -To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. Key questions answered in this report -What will the market size be in 2022 and what will the growth rate be? -What are the key market trends? -What is driving this market? -What are the challenges to market growth? -Who are the key vendors in this market space? -What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? -What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Make an Enquiry @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/1192 Related Report Mobile application development platform Market on Market Information, by Deployment (Cloud (Public, Private, Hybrid), On Premises), by End User (SBUs and Large Business Units), by Verticals (Healthcare, Retail, Transportation, Logistic, Telecom) – Forecast 2016-2022.Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/mobile-application-development-platform-market About Market Research Future At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India 646-845-9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/mobile-security-market-synopsis-and-highlights-key-findings-major-companies-analysis-market-share-and-forecast-to-2022-762386.htm Media Relations Contact Akash Anand Market Research Future Telephone: 646-845-9312 Email: Click to Email Akash Anand Web: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/mobile-security-market Latest News Mattress Recycling Council’s Bye Bye Mattress Program Marks “Millionth Mattress” Milestone WHAM INC. Announces Enhanced Release of its Android Mobile Encryption Application 2017 Institute for CSR Annual Developments in Global Manufacturing Analytics Industry 2017 Market Solutions for Asset Management & Maintenance Service Global IP Video Surveillance Industry 2017 Market Reviews, Security Solutions, Key Developments & Surveillance Applications Impact of Existing and Emerging Chromatography Instrumentation Market Trends and Forecast 2015-2025 AgriProtein Named in Global Top 100 Cat Parasite Linked to Likelihood of Alzheimer’s Disease Express Employment Professionals Tops Entrepreneur Franchise 500 List Attorney Thomas Dunlap Returns to Sundance Film Festival to Speak on the Panel on Challenges in Independent Film © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Qualcomm Faces a Nasty New Lawsuit Regarding Apple The FTC accuses the chipmaker of bribing Apple to neglect WiMax networks. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Jan 20, 2017 at 1:43PM The U.S. Federal Trade Commission recently filed an antitrust lawsuit against Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), claiming that the mobile chipmaker leveraged its portfolio of crucial wireless patents to force competitors out of the market. The Commission claims that Qualcomm charged its baseband modem competitors higher license fees for its wireless patents, making it more expensive for smartphone makers to use rival modems. Image source: Qualcomm. At the center of this case is Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which once considered launching an iPhone for the 4G WiMax networks championed by Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Sprint (NYSE:S). Qualcomm opposed WiMax, since it generated much lower royalties from that standard, and supported the LTE standard instead. The FTC claims that to prevent Apple from launching a WiMax iPhone after Sprint deployed its first WiMax network in 2008, Qualcomm "agreed to rebate to Apple royalties" received from the iPhone maker's contract manufacturers "in excess of a specified per-handset cap." In other words, Qualcomm allegedly let Apple pay lower royalties to secure a long-term spot in the iPhone, lock rivals out of the baseband market, and deal a fatal blow to the WiMax standard. The consequences of that deal That alleged deal certainly helped Qualcomm, which remained Apple's exclusive supplier of baseband modems until the iPhone 7, which uses both Qualcomm and Intel modems. Qualcomm's biggest baseband modem rivals -- Texas Instruments and Broadcom -- both retreated from the market as Qualcomm's market share rose. The death of WiMax dealt a devastating blow to Sprint, which had invested billions in a dying standard and was forced to invest billions more in LTE networks. The FTC didn't outline any specific penalties against Qualcomm, but ordered it "to cease its anticompetitive conduct and take actions to restore competitive conditions." But with the iPhone 7's modem production already split between Qualcomm and Intel, Qualcomm could easily argue that "competitive conditions" have been restored. Furthermore, Qualcomm could note that Intel's payment of "contra revenues" (discounted chips, co-marketing agreements, and financial assistance in redesigning logic boards) to OEMs in exchange for using its mobile Atom chips was similar to its rebate agreement with Apple. The sound and fury (probably) signifies nothing Most importantly, a Republican-led FTC probably won't prosecute Qualcomm. The FTC voted 2-1 to charge Qualcomm -- with two Democrats supporting the lawsuit and one Republican, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, voting against it, declaring that there was "no robust economic evidence" of anticompetitive effects from the deal. One of those Democrats has already resigned, and the other commissioner's term will expire soon. President-elect Trump is expected to name Ohlhausen as the acting chairwoman, and the new vacancies could be filled with Republicans who will likely support Ohlhausen's argument. Therefore, Qualcomm could simply receive a slap on the wrist without any serious fines. But the antitrust drama isn't over yet... Even if the FTC lawsuit fades away, Qualcomm still faces billions of dollars in overseas fines. Chinese regulators hit Qualcomm with a $975 million fine and forced it to lower its licensing fees in 2015, South Korea fined it $854 million at the end of 2016, and it could face up to $3 billion in additional fines in Europe and Taiwan -- which are both currently investigating the company for anticompetitive practices. These lawsuits could all hurt Qualcomm's QTL (licensing) business, which generates the lion's share of its profits and offsets the lower margins of its QCT (chipmaking) business. With margins declining across the heavily commoditized smartphone market, more OEMs and regulators will likely revolt against Qualcomm's 3G/4G licensing fees -- which can equal up to 5% of a device's wholesale price. That could put tremendous pressure on Qualcomm's earnings over the next few quarters. Should investors worry about these lawsuits? The lawsuits against Qualcomm reveal how badly the commoditization of the smartphone market hurts the company. Its QCT revenues are falling due to fierce competition from cheaper ARM licensees like MediaTek, but its QTL revenues are also being weighed down by desperate OEMs which hope lower licensing fees can help them squeeze out more profits per handset. These antitrust lawsuits won't sink Qualcomm, which is expected to generate nearly $24 billion in revenues this year. But they represent a dangerous paradigm shift in the market, and explains why the chipmaker is aggressively diversifying into adjacent markets like connected cars, drones, wearables, and Internet of Things devices. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Jan 20, 2017 at 1:43PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Sprint NYSE:S $9.19 up $0.01 (0.05%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.62 up $0.85 (2.31%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $55.03 up $0.15 (0.27%) Texas Instruments NASDAQ:TXN $77.08 up $1.35 (1.78%) Broadcom NASDAQ:AVGO $197.77 up $6.77 (3.54%) Read More 3 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Buy in 2017 Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Qualcomm Faces a Nasty New Lawsuit Regarding Apple @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $S, $INTC, $QCOM, $TXN, $AVGO
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. ARB_transform_feedback_overflow_query For Intel's Mesa Driver Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 20 January 2017 at 01:01 PM EST. 4 Comments Intel's Mesa driver is at OpenGL 4.5 compliance but there are many extensions still left to be implemented that haven't appeared in a formal OpenGL specification. One of those extensions now being implemented is ARB_transform_feedback_overflow_query. ARB_transform_feedback_overflow_query adds query types for detecting overflow of transform feedback buffers, as implied by its name. Rafael Antognolli of Intel published the six patches today for wiring this extension inside Intel's Mesa driver. Patches are here with the nearly 300 lines of new code. 4 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News On-Disk Shader Cache Revised For Mesa, Close To Landing Mesa's Libdrm Gets USB DRM/KMS Device Detection Mesa 17.0 Saw Less Code Changes Than Earlier Releases, But More Notable Features Mesa 17.0-RC1 Released Mesa 17.0 Has Been Branched Etnaviv Gallium3D Implements Enough To Expose OpenGL 2, Run Ioquake3 Popular News PulseAudio 10.0 Officially Released Google Developers Working On Gaming Protocol For Wayland Firefox 51 Released With FLAC Audio Support, WebGL 2.0 By Default Librecore: Aiming To Be A Better Libre Spin Of Coreboot Text To Speech Goes In As A Tech Preview For Qt 5.8 Solus Linux Working On A Flatpak-Based, Optimized Steam Runtime Latest Linux News Wine 2.0 Makes Its Debut Khronos Open-Sources OpenGL / OpenGL ES Conformance Tests Arch Linux Preparing To Deprecate i686 Support I Bent A Kabylake CPU & It Still Works NVIDIA Issues Vulkan Linux Driver Beta With The New 1.0.39 Extensions Qt 5.9 Feature Freeze Soon, Adds Experimental Qt Quick OpenVG Backend systemd 228 Had A Local Root Exploit On-Disk Shader Cache Revised For Mesa, Close To Landing Microsoft Open-Sources DirectX Shader Compiler Vulkan 1.0.39 Adds A Number Of New Extensions Latest Featured Articles ASUS PRIME Z270-P Kabylake Motherboard Works Fine On Linux Intel Core i3 7100 Kabylake Linux Benchmarks Nouveau Maxwell: Mesa 17.0 + Linux 4.10 vs. NVIDIA's Linux Driver GCC 7.0 vs. 6.3 vs. 5.4 vs. 4.9 Compiler Benchmarks On Linux x86_64 Intel Kabylake: Windows 10 vs. Linux OpenGL Performance Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in Most commented stories • Asus Tinker Board gives the Raspberry Pi 3 a run for its money [52] • Report: PC gaming hardware market expands to an all-time high [50] • Samsung details the cause of Note 7 battery fires [38] • Mushkin enters the keyboard market with the Carbon KB-001 [35] Hot forum threads • Linux for College Students • Nintendo Switch • Desktop environments suck • Verizon capping my data prematurely Eurocom Tornado F5 SE mobile server can eat desktops for lunch by Wayne Manion  11:30 AM on January 20, 2017 Eurocom's Tornado F5 SE looks like a standard desktop replacement-style laptop that you might find on a shelf in a big box electronics store. However, its unassuming all-black chassis hides hardware that's fairly unique in portable systems, and the company believes these bits give it the leeway to call the F5 a "mobile server." The eye of the Tornado is a choice among three Intel Xeon E3 v5 four-core, eight-thread Skylake-based CPUs. The processor communicates with the system's parts through an Intel C236 server chipset, which is certainly uncommon in laptops. Eurocom offers nine different Nvidia GeForce and Quadro graphics options, from the base Quadro M1000M up to a Pascal-based M5000M with 8GB of VRAM. The machine has four SODIMM slots for taking in up to 64GB of DDR4. While Xeon E3 CPUs offer support for ECC memory, Eurocom doesn't appear to show it as on option for the Tornado. Storage configurations include a host of devices for populating the machine's pair of M.2 slots and single 2.5" drive bay. The Tornado may appear compact when compared to a 1U server chasis, but the 15.6" x 10.7" x 1.6" (39 cm x 27 cm x 4 cm) dimensions and 6.5 lb (2.92 kg) weight are fairly substantial compared to many other laptops. That bulk is necessary to pack all the desktop-class parts and the 15.6" screen, which is available in 1920x1080 and 3840x2160 flavors. The F5 is not left wanting for connectivity options. The machine can drive up to four displays including the integrated panel. Gigabit Ethernet comes by way of a Qualcomm solution, and buyers get to choose between five different Wi-Fi and Bluetooth modules. The laptop has a single Thunderbolt 3 port and three USB 3.0 Type-A connectors. While the CPU, chipset, and graphics options certainly make the Tornado sound like a server-class system, the lack of ECC support in the memory options chips away at Eurocom's "mobile server" claim a bit—as does the company's description of the laptop's battery as an "integrated UPS." The Eurocom Tornado F5 SE can be custom-configured right away. Prices start at $2,000 without an operating system. Virtually every aspect of the machine can be customized to the buyer's performance requirements, so the upper bound on pricing is sky-high.   Tags: Systems Mobile computing Servers Workstations User name:  Password:  Remember me Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Cancel Remember me | Register Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF BlackWidow Chroma V2 arrives with Razer's Yellow switches 5 Toshiba N300 hard drives are ready for NAS service 7 GeForce 378.49 drivers are ready to face Resident Evil 7 7 Google Voice gets a long-overdue update 8 iOS 10.2.1 update plugs multiple security holes 8 Android apps coming to all future Chromebooks 9 Steam client lets users move games and use Xbox controllers 13 Samsung Galaxy S8 phones won't appear at MWC 12 Xiaomi exec Hugo Barra leaves Chinese handheld maker 5 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS Voldenuit Face it. We all know the success of PC Gaming is because of the invention of the RGB LED. +53 tipoo No one came into this article thinking TomsHardware actually took a hammer to an... +43 superjawes "Management learns" is an oxymoron. +26 just brew it! ...and SSDs... +20 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Stadiums Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Stadiums Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects Stadiums FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Stadium Journey Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. Sniper's Hide The #1 source of information for the world of long-range shooting and precision marksmanship. Deadliest Blogger Military history from ancient battles to modern warfare. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Stadium Journey The authority for stadium reviews, rankings, and ratings. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List SI Members Board Football Board Basketball Board Football Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats Stadium FB Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Eligibility Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats Arena BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Gift Join Bob Przybylo/Scout Sooner Intel: Calvin Thibodeaux still making moves Bob Przybylo Friday at 3:04 PM Intel returns with a look at the weekend coming up for OU. The Sooner Intel, created by Bob Przybylo in 2011, is an inside look into Oklahoma football and basketball recruiting and is solely for Sooners Illustrated subscribers. It is a sneak peek into what’s happening with OU recruiting and is not to be distributed anywhere else. You knew January was going to be a busy time for Oklahoma defensive line coach Calvin Thibodeaux. He spent most of December making offers with the hope that some of those guys would come to Norman in January. So far that plan has been working out. For the second consecutive week, Thibodeaux takes the spotlight as just one official visitor is set to arrive in Norman, and it’s a defensive lineman. http://www.scout.com/player/205845-tyreece-lott?s=73 This time around it’s a homegrown talent as Ardmore (Okla.) High’s Tyreece Lott will make an official visit, a month removed from his commitment to TCU. Lott has been an interesting tale to follow. Thibodeaux has kept his eye on Lott throughout Lott’s senior season, and OU wanted Lott on campus a number of times. The first was for OU’s game against Baylor, but Lott couldn’t get transportation to make the trip. Then it was for Bedlam against Oklahoma State, but Lott had already agreed to seeing TCU. The week after he officially visited TCU before committing to the Frogs a few days later. He had originally scheduled a trip to OU for this weekend as Thibodeaux and the Sooners made the offer in early December. At the time of his commitment, Lott said he wasn’t making any more trips. But that was December and this is January as it so often happens in recruiting where things change on a daily basis. The one thing OU has working in its favor is Lott’s father. A diehard OU fan, when Thibodeaux offered Lott, it meant the world to Lott’s father. Now there’s no doubt that won’t be the No. 1 factor, but it won’t hurt. And having the stage set for Lott doesn’t hurt, either. He’s going to get all the one-on-one time necessary with Thibodeaux and Bob Stoops as OU tries to make its push here going down the stretch. Last week’s visitor, Santa Ana (Calif.) Mater Dei’s Austin Faoliu dropped a bit of a bomb by saying OU was exploring the idea of returning to four-man front defense. If not outright returning to it, then at least utilizing it once again. This seems to be Lott’s calling card. Because right now not sure where he fits in a 3-4 front at either end or tackle. Lott has been honest about realizing if he either needs to gain weight to become a tackle or work on his speed to become an end. If OU does indeed go back to the four-man front, then Lott would easily have a home in Norman where you wouldn’t have to fit a square peg in a round hole. OU has two defensive linemen commits right now. But if you want to be honest, the Sooners would be well advised to get at least two and maybe even three more. Right now, that crop will come from: http://www.scout.com/player/209131-austin-faoliu?s=73 *Santa Ana (Calif.) Mater Dei’s Austin Faoliu http://www.scout.com/player/205845-tyreece-lott?s=73 *Ardmore (Okla.) High’s Tyreece Lott http://www.scout.com/player/192587-marvin-wilson?s=73 *Houston Bellaire Episcopal’s Marvin Wilson http://www.scout.com/player/196348-josh-rogers?s=73 *Houston Christian’s Josh Rogers http://www.scout.com/player/195794-taquon-graham?s=73 *Temple (Texas) High’s Taquon Graham Stating the obvious, of course, would be that Wilson is an automatic take. And OU moving to a four-man front might give the five-star defensive tackle something to think about. OU coaches Mike Stoops and Thibodeaux were back in Houston earlier this week as OU continues to not throw in the towel on this one. http://www.scout.com/player/194194-jacob-phillips Off campus, all eyes will be in Baton Rouge as Nashville (Tenn.) East Literature’s Jacob Phillips makes that long awaited (dreaded?) unofficial visit to LSU. Phillips, now ranked No. 91 in the Scout 100, has said all the right things about OU, and the Sooners responded with a five-coach visit Monday evening with Bob Stoops, Mike Stoops, Tim Kish, Kerry Cooks and Dennis Simmons. OU is going to have to withstand one final push from the Tigers. If you want an elite class, these are the things you have to deal with. If Alabama can survive with Dylan Moses (LSU) and Najee Harris (Michigan), then OU has to accept this one with Phillips. Still feel like Phillips will stick with SoonerSquad17, but it will be a tense weekend until that is confirmed. null   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout SoonerSquad17 profile: Kenneth Murray Scout's Top 25 Recruiting Classes OU's Baker Mayfield the Heisman favorite? SoonerSquad17 profile: Addison Gumbs It's Boring, But for UCLA Hoops It's About D SoonerSquad17 profile: Addison Gumbs Full Story Sooners Illustrated Top Stories SoonerSquad17 profile: Addison Gumbs Eleven members of SoonerSquad17 have arrived in Norman. Time to get to know the newest Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners Illustrated8:45 AM Breaking News Tre Norwood commits to SoonersThe latest addition to SoonerSquad17 is in. Defensive back Tre Norwood makes the call. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 7:17 PM OU's Baker Mayfield the Heisman favorite?And the early favorite for the Heisman Trophy is in Norman in quarterback Baker Mayfield. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 9:24 AM SoonerSquad17 profile: Kenneth Murray Eleven members of SoonerSquad17 have arrived in Norman. Time to get to know the newest Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 9:10 AM OU recruiting chaos (Week 3) Last full week before signing day. Come along for the OU recruiting chaos. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 7:52 AM OU gives Tyreece Lott something to consider So what did TCU commit Tyreece Lott say about his OU visit? Where do the Sooners stand? by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedSunday at 11:30 AM SoonerSquad17 profile: Creed Humphrey Eleven members of SoonerSquad17 have arrived in Norman. Time to get to know the newest Sooners. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedSaturday at 6:35 PM Sooner Intel: CeeDee Lamb Intel returns with an update with SoonerSquad17 wide receiver commit CeeDee Lamb. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedFriday at 2:58 PM SoonerSquad17 rankings show OU's resurgenceThe final Scout 300 has been released, and that's great news for OU fans. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 8:13 PM OU with deja vu after tough defeat to TexasAnother nail-biter, another loss for OU. 84-83 at Texas. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 8:48 PM Updated Scout 300 Trend Meter For 2017 It is less than two weeks to signing day and the updated Scout 300 Trend Meter for the 2017 class takes a look at which schools are trending for each uncommitted member in the… by Staff Scout FootballYesterday at 9:53 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets FOX Sports Sign In Sign Up Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Jobs © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search VIDEO: The Battle For Custom Content 16 minutes ago Array 0 Women's Marches This Weekend Get Ad Campaign From McGarryBowen, Intel's Teresa Herd By Lindsay Stein - 16 minutes ago Array 0 Philadelphia Cream Cheese Finds Joy in Budget Meetings By Jessica Wohl - 16 minutes ago Array 0 Case Study: How a New York Hospital Chain Overhauled Its Brand By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 16 minutes ago Array 0 Super Bowl or Trump Bowl? By Jeanine Poggi - 16 minutes ago Array 0 This Brand Sent Its Bedding to Trump So He'll Sleep Better and Stop Tweeting By Alexandra Jardine - 22 hours ago 0 Chipotle Moves Account to Venables Bell and MullenLowe Mediahub By Jessica Wohl and Lindsay Stein - 21 hours ago 0 Why Budweiser Backed Out of the Olympics By E.J. Schultz - 20 hours ago 0 Bai Jumps in Super Bowl With Justin Timberlake By E.J. Schultz - 19 hours ago 0 Persil ProClean Laundry Detergent Returns to Super Bowl By Jeanine Poggi - 21 hours ago 0 5 Awesome, Illegal Uses for Alexa By Shelly Palmer - Yesterday 0 Hyundai Will Shoot Its Super Bowl Ad During the Game By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Fox Rejects Super Bowl Ad That Depicts a Giant Border Wall By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chipotle Hires Venables Bell and MullenLowe Mediahub By Jessica Wohl and Lindsay Stein - 20 hours ago 0 AB Previews Super Bowl Lineup Including New Bud Light Campaign and This Tagline By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Women's Marches This Weekend Get Ad Campaign From McGarryBowen, Intel's Teresa Herd By Lindsay Stein. Published on January 20, 2017. McGarryBowen and Intel Global Creative Director Teresa Herd are helping to promote the planned global marches for women's rights on Saturday with a new campaign. According to the Women's March website, more than 600 marches around the globe are expected to take place one day after Donald Trump's inauguration as president of the United States. Ms. Herd got involved with Gathering For Justice, the nonprofit organizing the marches, through a friend, she said. Ms. Herd then connected with McGarryBowen Managing Director and Executive Creative Director Marianne Besch, who brought the agency along on a pro bono basis. Ms. Herd and Ms. Besch, along with a number of editors, colorists and mixers and the production company Hungry Man collaborated to create various PSAs, including a 60-second spot that began airing on Thursday. "It was one of those special things," she said. "You could just feel the energy on the set and the empowerment that everyone had when they came together to say, 'We need to do something.'" While the campaign's creators said the ads will appear on various TV and digital outlets using donated time and space, they declined to identify those venues. The video above is also circulating on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter. A number of networks and stations declined to air the PSA because they said it was "too political," said Ms. Herd. The march "is not a political movement," she argued. "It's a human and civil rights movement." Ms. Herd is flying from California to Washington, D.C. for the march, and Ms. Besch is marching with her 14-year-old son in Oakland, Calif. In this article: Agencies Digital Video TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  News  | The New Asus Chromebook Flip is a Premium Hybrid Machine The New Asus Chromebook Flip is a Premium Hybrid Machine The latest iteration of Chromebook Flip by Asus is a premium hybrid with a 12.5-inch Full HD multi-touch display that can rotate 360 degrees. By: Rohit Arora Updated: Thursday, January 5, 2017, 9:45 [IST] Asus has announced the latest iteration of its Chromebook Flip which brings some noticeable updates in terms of design, hardware and features. The new Chromebook Flip flaunts a 12.5-inch Full HD multi-touch display that rotates 360 degrees to offer tablet-PC functionality, making it a hybrid machine for users who are looking for a portable but feature-loaded computing machine. SEE ALSO: Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom is the Company's Take on Dual Camera Space Asus Chromebook Flip will come in two variants, one featuring Intel's M3 CPU paired with 4GB/8GB RAM, and the other packing Intel's M7 processor paired with 4GB/8GB to take care of multitasking. As far as storage is concerned, consumers will be able to choose between 32/64/128 GB storage variants. SEE ALSO: Industry's First Tango and Daydream Ready Smartphone, Asus Zenfone AR Goes Official at the CES 2017 With the new Chromebook Flip, Asus wants to tap on the higher end of the market that demands performance and style. The new Chromebook Flip weighs less than 1.2 kg and is 13.7mm thick. The 360-degree hinge that supports the full HD display allows you to use the hybrid machine in several modes including tent Mode, tablet mode, stand mode and as a full-fledged laptop.The new Chromebook Flip has two fast USB 3.1 Type-C ports, one microSD card reader and a 3.5mm headset jack. As far as connectivity is concerned, the new hybrid machine has 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2. SEE ALSO: CES 2017: This Sticker Can Add Wireless Charging to Any Smartphone or Tablet Asus Chromebook FLip is backed by a 39 Wh battrey that as per ASUS promises up to 10 hours of battery life. The chromebook runs Chrome OS, which gives access to a plethora of Chrome apps in the Web Store, and also let users install the Android apps from the Play Store. Asus Chromebook Flip is priced at $499 for the base variant in th US market. Asus has not mentioned anything about the global availability of the hybrid machine, but we expect the Taiwanese tech giant to make an announcement soon. Read More About pc | news | CES 2017 | technology | mobiles | asus Story first published: Thursday, January 5, 2017, 9:37 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 5, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 will be up for sale again on January 30 on Flipkart and Mi.com Facebook can make us isolated, narrow-minded: Study Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 now out of stock: here are the best alternative phones Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Meizu to launch the MX5S model smartphone soon Samsung to launch its first smartphone with Tizen 3.0 OS Smartphone user in India tops 300 mn: Report Google statrts testing its Android Instant Apps feature iBall unveils Slide Nimble 4GF tablet with 4G and 3GB RAM at Rs. 9,999 LeEco announces irresistible offers on SuperTVs and accessories Swipe Elite Power to be launch via Flipkart on January 31 US President appoints Ajit Pai as Chairman of FCC HTC U Ultra sapphire variant will be up for pre-orders by mid-February Android 7.0 Nougat for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 is out now Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo P2XOLO Era 2XVideocon Virat V3BCiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-24 WorldStarHipHop Founder Lee ‘Q’ O’Denat Dead at 43 Entertainment 2017-01-24 Razzies 2017: Who Is Worse — Ben Affleck Or Ben Stiller? Entertainment 2017-01-24 Oscars Apologize: Amy Adams Snubbed, ‘Arrival’ Fans Disappointed Entertainment 2017-01-24 Mel Gibson: ‘Hacksaw Ridge’ Director Welcomes Ninth Child, Earns Oscar Nod News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-24 President Trump Signs Executive Order To Abandon Obama’s Signature Policy On Keystone XL and Dakota Pipelines News 2017-01-24 Want To See What $20 Million Hidden In A Mattress Looks Like? Feds Tweet Picture Of Latest Find News 2017-01-24 President Trump Freezes EPA Grants, Institutes Social Media Blackout Opinion 2017-01-24 Melania Trump’s Smile Turns Instantly Into A Frown: What Did She Hear? [Opinion] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE Raw 1/23/17 In Cleveland: Spoilers, Results And Commentary Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Mickie James Talks Return, Dating John Cena and Kenny Dykstra Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Goldberg To Work Full-Time Schedule If He Becomes Universal Champion? Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Roman Reigns Talks About Becoming A Heel Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Opinion 2017-01-24 Carnism: The Invisible Belief System That Excuses Cruelty Towards Animals Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘Assassin’s Creed: Empire’ Release Date Revealed? Ubisoft Hints At 2017 For Egypt Setting Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘Monster Hunter XX’ Sword ‘Urano Metria’ Designed By ‘Fairy Tail’ Creator Hiro Mashima Revealed: Mystical Weapon Available As Expansion DLC For Nintendo 3DS Game Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘League of Legends’ Clubs and ULoL: The Big Ten Network Signs Up For ‘LoL’ League Gaming 2017-01-23 ‘Resident Evil 7: Biohazard’ Reviews Indicate A Revival In The Series BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Donald Trump Parody Video Gets Boulder Creek High School Principal And Assistant Principal Suspended – With Pay BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Dippin Dots Wins With Free Press After Sean Spicer Launched Five-Year Twitter War With The Company BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Melania’s Scowl After Trump Passes Comment In Inauguration Video Goes Viral: What Did Donald Say That Made The First Lady’s Expression Darken?[Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-23 Carrie Fisher News: Princess Leia Became The Inspiration For Many At Women’s March SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Surface Pro 5 Release Date Set For MWC 2017? Core i7-7700HQ, LTE Capability, 4K Screen, Bigger Batteries, And More Technology 2 0 0 January 20, 2017 Surface Pro 5 Release Date Set For MWC 2017? Core i7-7700HQ, LTE Capability, 4K Screen, Bigger Batteries, And More Simon Alvarez The Surface Pro 5 is one of Microsoft’s most anticipated devices. After the successful run of the Surface Pro 4, fans of the powerhouse hybrid device have been eager to see what the tech giant has in store for the iconic line’s future. After the release of the Surface Studio and the revamped Surface Book i7 last October, all eyes have been focused on the Surface Pro 5, a device that is yet to be officially announced, yet has already taken the computing world by storm. The release date for the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 has been in question since its predecessor hit the market more than a year ago. Initial speculations pointed to an October, 2016, release, but the date ultimately proved to be set for the Surface Studio and the Surface Book i7 instead. With the powerful hybrid device not making an appearance last October, recent rumors have emerged speculating that the most likely date for the Surface Pro 5’s release would be March, 2017, during the MWC in Barcelona. A March, 2017, release date for the Surface Pro 5 actually makes a lot of sense for the tech giant, considering that a significant update to Windows 10, codenamed Redstone 2, is also set to be rolled out early this year as well. While the release date for Redstone 2 is widely speculated to be set for April, 2017, a March reveal for the Surface Pro 5 would still be strategic enough for Microsoft. After all, if speculations are to be believed, the Surface Pro 5 would be armed to the teeth in terms of features and specs. [Image by Pieter Beens/Shutterstock] Rumors about the Surface Pro 5 have been around for some time, with speculations about the device emerging since its predecessor, the excellent and highly-acclaimed Surface Pro 4, was unveiled to the market. While Microsoft is yet to reveal any official details about the upcoming flagship hybrid, numerous leaks and reports from the tech giant’s partner companies have begun to shed more light on the Surface Pro 5. So far, what has been teased about the device has been very encouraging. Recent speculations about the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 point to the device being equipped with Intel’s latest generation of processors, the Kaby Lake family, coupled with around 16GB of RAM. A Tech Radar report stated that the Surface Pro 5 would most certainly have the most up-to-date processors in the market; thus, it would not be surprising if the highly-anticipated device launches with an Intel Core i7-7700HQ variant. One of the most notable rumors about the Surface Pro 5 is the introduction of an ARM-based variant, which opens up the possibility of an LTE-capable device. Mobile connectivity has always been one of the Surface Pro line’s biggest weaknesses. Thus, if Microsoft could equip the Surface Pro 5 with mobile connectivity, it would make the device even more formidable than it already is. [Image by charnsitr/Shutterstock] If recent leaks are to be believed, the manufacturing of the Surface Pro 5 would begin soon. According to a DigiTimes report, Microsoft has recently reached an agreement with Pegatron, the firm that manufactures the Surface Studio, regarding the production of the Surface Pro 5. The report further stated that the upcoming hybrid would feature a 4K display and a wirelessly charging stylus, just as rumors have previously predicted. Perhaps the most encouraging rumor about the Surface Pro 5 is an improvement in one of the hybrid device’s most basic features: the battery. Previous Surface devices, such as the SP4, have been lauded for their specs and power, but critics and users alike have pointed out that the devices are usually lacking in the battery department. With the Surface Pro 5, it appears that Microsoft would finally be ready to give its users a battery that would make the hybrid competitive enough to challenge the kings of endurance such as the MacBook Air and the iPad Pro. The Surface Pro 5 would most certainly be the best hybrid device Microsoft has created to date. While the competition in the hybrid market has gotten a lot more intense, the Surface line has, over the years, become the golden standard for 2-in-1 computing devices. If rumors prove true and the Surface Pro 5 does end up with most of its rumored specs, it would not be a surprise at all if the hybrid would become the best in its class this year. [Featured Image by ymgerman/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Nintendo Switch Takes Aim At A New Generation Now Read This: Note 8 Release Date And Specs: August 2017 Launch, Harman Kardon S-Pen Speaker, 4K Display And Safer Batteries Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: microsoft, Surface Pro, Surface Pro 5 October 19, 2016 ‘Dancing With The Stars’ (DWTS) Season 23 Week 7: Find Out The Couple To Be Eliminated October 19, 2016 ‘Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo’ Episode 17 Not Airing On October 24, Wang So Kills Wang Eun? Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Jax Taylor Wasn’t Surprised By Scheana Marie And Mike Shay’s Divorce Queen Elizabeth’s ‘Blood Princesses’ Eugenie, Beatrice And Parents Prince Andrew And Sarah Ferguson Show Public They Can Be Likable Royals WorldStarHipHop Founder Lee ‘Q’ O’Denat Dead at 43 Kelly Ripa Co-Host Search Continues, Jerry O’Connell Says He’s Willing To Step In Ryan Reynolds Schedules ‘Tickle-Fight’ After ‘Deadpool’ Oscar Snub Chelsea Handler Under Fire For Saying Melania Trump Can ‘Barely Speak English’ Carnism: The Invisible Belief System That Excuses Cruelty Towards Animals ‘Stranger Things’ Season 2 Release Date, Story Resumes A Year Later With Many Changes Note 8 Release Date And Specs: August 2017 Launch, Harman Kardon S-Pen Speaker, 4K Display And Safer Batteries Madonna: Speech Reportedly Sparks Secret Service Investigation Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Is The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus A Hero In Real Life? Is He Awesome Like Daryl Dixon? [Opinion] 14.4k 0 0 ‘Hwarang’ Korean Drama Flops? Star-Studded Cast Of K-Pop Idols Fails To Deliver Ratings 14.8k 0 0 BTS K-Pop Comeback In 2017: BigHit Entertainment Clarifies Bangtan Boys Continuing ‘Wings’ This February [Video] 8.8k 0 0 Red Velvet Comeback In 2017: SM Entertainment K-pop Girl Group Reported To Make Return Late January Or Early February [Video] 3.2k 0 0 Katie Rich Fired? @KatieMaryRich Twitter, Facebook Deleted: ‘SNL’ Writer’s Tweet About Barron Trump, 10, And Boycott Buzz 3.9k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Goldberg’s Surprising Opponent For ‘FastLane’ Revealed 2.2k 0 0 Recent Videos Space Watch SpaceX Launch First Rocket Since Explosion Technology Snapchat Chooses London For New Headquarters Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm By Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for modem chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's USD23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Budget 2017: More tax breaks should come to tech sector, says EY - Idea Cellular to raise Rs 2,000 crore via debt Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts Budget 2017 Presented By: DAYS hours minutes Presented by : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Budget News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Best of Budget » Expectations » Market Outlook » Flashback » Real Estate » SME Corner » Insurance Corner » Mutual Fund Corner » Budget Poll » Classroom » Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Jan 22, 2017, 09.33 AM | Source: Reuters Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's USD23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's USD23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Apple Inc filed a USD1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the US government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's USD23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some USD1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at USD62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm USD854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a USD975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at USD36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Tags  Apple Inc Qualcomm US Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Poll: Here's what India Inc expects from Budget 2017 Budget 2017: Jaitley may set FY18 disinvestment target at about Rs 60,000 cr Budget 2017: Jaitley likely to cut MAT, corporate income tax RBI tests banks' cyber security... by hacking into their systems Demonetisation hit SME sector's output, wages: Report RBI Central Board okayed design of Rs 500,Rs 2000 notes in May ITC set to appoint Sanjiv Puri as CEO India smartphone mkt slips 18% in Q4; Chinese brands dominate Cashless economy: Naidu panel moots tax on cash withdrawals See all Video of the day Budget 2017: Nilesh Shah says FM must take risks, ease fiscal tightening plan Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Apple Depicts Qualcomm as a Shady Monopolist in $1 Billion Lawsuit  Reuters, 21 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Apple Inc filed a $1 billion (roughly Rs. 6,808 crores) lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the US government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in US District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Appleinto changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Applerefused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Appleto pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Appledevices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. © Thomson Reuters 2016 Tags: Apple, Apple Qualcomm Lawsuit, Qualcomm, Mobiles Amazon India Sale, Nokia 6 Gone In 60 Seconds, Moto G5 Plus Leaked, and More: Your 360 Daily Facebook's Zuckerberg Sues Over Rights to Hawaiian Hideaway Apple Depicts Qualcomm as a Shady Monopolist in $1 Billion Lawsuit     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Intex Cloud Style 4G Lava A55 Lava A50 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye LG X300 Micromax Vdeo 4 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Popular Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Galaxy Note7 Gadgets 360 Hindi लेनोवो के6 पावर का 4 जीबी रैम वेरिएंट भारत में लॉन्च, जानें कीमत हॉनर 6एक्स है दो रियर कैमरे वाला फोन, कीमत है बजट स्मार्टफोन वाली फ्लिपकार्ट सेलः इन स्मार्टफोन पर मिल रही है छूट Latest Videos 02:49 Honor 6X Review 01:27 How to Disable Birthday, Live Video, and Other Annoying Notifications on Facebook 02:42 360 Daily: Hugo Barra Quitting Xiaomi, Vivo V5 Plus With Dual-Selfie Cameras Launched and More 01:58 How to Stop Google From Tracking Your Browsing Habits 02:28 360 Daily: Amazon's Great Indian Sale, PM Modi is Most Followed Leader on Social Media, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane UPI Has an Identity Problem That's Stopping It From Taking Off Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent Google to Bring Its AI Tools to Raspberry Pi This Year Google Pixel Now Available With Rs. 10,000 Discount on Flipkart Tekken 7 Release Delayed Till June 2, New Trailer Unveiled Samsung Partners Video Software Firm Imint to Work on New Product Lenovo K6 Power Variant With 4GB of RAM Launched in India Asus ZenPad 3S 10 LTE Tablet With Snapdragon 650 SoC Launched India's Smartphone User Base Tops 300 Million, Claims Counterpoint Star Trek Fans Can Now Wake Up Alexa Devices by Calling Them 'Computer' iBall Launches Voice-Calling Tablet With 4G VoLTE Support in India Qualcomm Will Reportedly Continue to Supply Apple Chips Despite Lawsuit More News TRENDING Redmi Note 4 Launch, Nokia 6 Sold Out, Amazon Sale, and More This Week 250,000 Redmi Note 4 Smartphones Sold in 10 Minutes, Says Xiaomi India Nokia Heart Android Phone With Snapdragon 430 SoC Spotted in Benchmark The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 15,000 Honor 6X Review Lenovo K6 Power Variant With 4GB of RAM Launched in India Honor 6X Launched, WhatsApp for iPhone Gets New Features, More: 360 Daily Google Warns Users to Switch to Newer Versions of Its G Suite Apps Google's Calculator App Can Now Keep a Track of Your Calculations Google Pixel Now Available With Rs. 10,000 Discount on Flipkart Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Trump trade strategy starts with quitting Asia pact -White House Russia cut oil output by 100,000 bpd in Jan - TASS quotes Novak Business Standard Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Reuters  January 21, 2017 Last Updated at 09:45 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USgf9r ALSO READ US files lawsuit against Qualcomm for 'forcing' Apple into chip deal U.S. appeals court revives antitrust lawsuit against Apple Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Apple partner Wistron seeks to expand India smartphone parts plant - government official S.Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Apple | Lawsuit | Qualcomm | Government PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple's practices and a robust examination of the merits." Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Source : Last Updated: Sat, Jan 21, 2017 10:05 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
X Edition: India Business Business Home Davos Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Jan 21, 2017 | 9:45am IST Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm People line up at an Apple store shortly before it opens in Beijing, China, January 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Next In Money News Global stocks, dollar rise; investors eye earnings NEW YORK Stocks rose on Tuesday as investors looked past U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist rhetoric and focused on encouraging economic data and quarterly earnings reports. Oil prices rise as OPEC output cuts drain stocks NEW YORK Oil prices edged higher on Tuesday ahead of weekly U.S. inventory data on evidence the global market is tightening as lower production by OPEC and other exporters drains stocks. Gold slips from late 2016 highs as dollar rebounds NEW YORK/LONDON Gold fell nearly 1 percent on Tuesday, sliding from a two-month peak as investors took stock of U.S. President Donald Trump's first policy moves and the dollar stabilised after plumbing seven-week lows this week. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Kingfisher tycoon Vijay Mallya charged in loan default case Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Davos Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Jan 21, 2017 | 9:45am IST Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm People line up at an Apple store shortly before it opens in Beijing, China, January 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter By Diane Bartz and Stephen Nellis Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Next In Money News Global stocks, dollar rise; investors eye earnings NEW YORK Stocks rose on Tuesday as investors looked past U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist rhetoric and focused on encouraging economic data and quarterly earnings reports. Oil prices rise as OPEC output cuts drain stocks NEW YORK Oil prices edged higher on Tuesday ahead of weekly U.S. inventory data on evidence the global market is tightening as lower production by OPEC and other exporters drains stocks. Gold slips from late 2016 highs as dollar rebounds NEW YORK/LONDON Gold fell nearly 1 percent on Tuesday, sliding from a two-month peak as investors took stock of U.S. President Donald Trump's first policy moves and the dollar stabilised after plumbing seven-week lows this week. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Kingfisher tycoon Vijay Mallya charged in loan default case Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Trump Era begins with stock markets… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Stumpy’s shutting down Most hated woman in U.S.? Marleau’s San Jose roots Photos: Clint Eastwood’s mansion Brady vs. Montana debate Lin-Manuel Miranda EGOT Breaking News Watch Gov. Jerry Brown deliver ‘State of the State’ address Business Biz Break: Trump Era begins with stock markets getting back on track Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Mark Lennihan/File In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, American flags fly in front of the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks began the Trump Era with gains Friday, with the bellwether Dow Jones industrial average rising after five-straight days of losses. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | January 20, 2017 at 4:39 pm Top of the Order: The Trump Effect?: Well, it’s official. Donald Trump is now the President of the United States. Depending on which side you’re on, the next four years are likely going to be spent crowing or bellyaching. In the meantime, there’s been one immediate positive reaction, and that came on Wall Street. After five-straight days of losses, the bellwether Dow Jones industrial average got back on the positive side of the ledger Friday, rising 0.5 percent to end the day at 19,827.25. Local tech leaders, in particular, played a role in the Dow’s gains, with Dow components Apple, Cisco Systems and Intel all gaining ground during the first official day of the Trump Era. Related Articles Biz Break: IBM said to be cutting jobs amid CEO’s big hiring plans Biz Break: Optical gear maker Oclaro surges after lifting forecasts Biz Break: Zuckerberg says Facebook paid $3 billion, not $2 billion, for Oculus VR Biz Break: Netflix rises on Wall Street, investor views ahead of earnings Biz Break: Inauguration Day rooms are big business for Airbnb What happens next is, of course, anyone’s guess. The Dow has been flirting with reaching 20,000 for weeks and it needs some more gas in its tank to get to that milestone. And while it might just be symbolic, the 20,000 mark is a historical symbol, nonetheless. History was made in Washington on Friday; when the stock market opens Monday, we’ll see if the nation’s investors are feeling historical with regards to the Dow. Middle Innings: Apple to India?: Maybe Apple might want to change the name of the iPhone to the India Phone, at least if reports that it’s ready to make iPhones in India prove accurate. India has been one the last major markets where Apple is still trying to get a toehold for the iPhone, which is still seen as too expensive for many potential Indian customers. India has more than 1 billion people, but Apple is said to have only about 2 percent of the smartphone market in the country. The company wants to open its own retail stores in India, but has so far met resistance from the Indian government, which requires retailers of one brand to have 30 percent of their components produced within India. The Indian government is giving Apple and other tech companies a three-year window to meet that requirement, and now Apple is looking at building iPhones in India to put itself in place to get to the 30-percent level. But, Apple also wants something from India before it starts cranking out iPhones in Mumbai or elsewhere. Specifically, Apple is said to be asking for a 15-year-long tax holiday on the importing of components it needs to build iPhones. Apple officials are said to be headed to India next week to meet with company officials in the next phase of hammering out agreements that may, eventually, lead to the company claiming a bigger piece of India’s smartphone market. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Friday… Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Gigamon, RingCentral, GoPro, TiVo and Electronics for Imaging. In the Red: Decliners included Finisar, Aviat Networks, Accuray, Nektar Therapeutics and A10 Networks. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.3 percent to 5,555.33. The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average, to reiterate, rose 0.5 percent to end the day at 19,827.25. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index finished Friday with a gain of 0.3 percent to end the week at 2,271.31. Quote of the Day: “This American carnage stops right here and stops right now.” — President Donald Trump, setting the agenda for his administration during his Inaugural Address Friday. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Huge slide destroys Love Creek Falls in Santa Cruz Mountains Could Kyle Shanahan bail on the 49ers? San Jose: Pedestrian walking in roadway hit by Uber driver Is Stacey Dash today’s most hated woman in America? What’s behind the spate of recent Bay Area restaurant closures? Northern California twins sentenced to life for deadly crash San Jose: Proposal to ban display of Vietnam’s flag draws opposition Avalanche selfie: Two men buried in snow near Truckee miraculously rescued More in Business Is Lone Star Steakhouse exiting California? January 24, 2017, 12:02 pm Lone Star’s website lists no locations in California. UK government loses Brexit case, must consult Parliament January 24, 2017, 10:41 am Britain’s Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that Prime Minister Theresa May must get legislative approval to start the process of leaving the European Union, raising the possibility that lawmakers will delay her plans to trigger negotiations by the end of March. What’s behind the spate of recent Bay Area restaurant closures? January 24, 2017, 12:49 pm Upwards of 60 restaurants around the Bay Area have closed in the last few months alone, citing difficulties like the cost of finding and keeping good employees, rising rents, new requirements for providing health care and sick leave, and doing it all while competing with the slew of new dining options. U.S. stock indexes move higher in afternoon trading; oil rises January 24, 2017, 10:32 am Materials and financial companies led U.S. stock indexes higher in afternoon trading Tuesday as investors sized up the latest round of company earnings news. Energy stocks also rose as crude oil prices headed higher. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Mobile Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion in unpaid rebates, alleges attempted perjury, extortion Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion in unpaid rebates, alleges attempted perjury, extortion By Joel Hruska on January 20, 2017 at 7:32 pm Comment Apple sued Qualcomm today, alleging that the mobile chip giant owes it at least a billion dollars in unpaid rebates and agreements. Apple further states that Qualcomm “attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC [Korean FTC] in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments to Apple.” That’s a bombshell accusation, if true. The Korean FTC recently fined Qualcomm $850 million, but an accusation that Qualcomm may have deliberately attempted to pay other corporations to lie on its behalf could open Qualcomm up to criminal lawsuits and accusations of perjury. China has also fined Qualcomm for its alleged monopolistic abuses and the FTC filed a lawsuit against QC earlier this week. Apple provided Ars Technica with the following statement: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Among Apple’s complaints, are allegations that it is forced to effectively double-pay Qualcomm, since Qualcomm requires Apple’s manufacturing partners to take out a license to work with Snapdragon hardware, then charges Apple again for a separate license. According to Apple, Qualcomm sweetened the deal with rebates so long as Apple maintained exclusivity — which actually sounds a fair bit like the rebate practices Intel used to artificially deny and reduce AMD’s ability to win product designs from 2002 – 2006. In this case, however, it was Intel’s modem that allowed Apple to break Qualcomm’s lock on its LTE business. This also explains why Apple used Intel in the first place, given that Intel’s modem isn’t as good as Qualcomm’s according to objective analysis. Apple’s suit alleges that Qualcomm breached its contracts, abused its monopoly power, and violated California contract law. It also claims Apple was overcharged and required to license nine separate patents that Apple does not believe it infringed upon. If this case is anything like the long-running Apple / Samsung litigation, it’ll be years before it goes to trial and years after that until a verdict and damages amount is settled — but throwing another lawsuit shines an unwelcome spotlight on its business practices and policies. Tagged In apple intel amd qualcomm lte FTC antitrust monopoly KFTC Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Leaked PDF sheds light on Microsoft’s Project Scorpio, 4K gaming plans Jan 24 CyanogenMod successor Lineage OS is now available for download Jan 24 New crackdown on VPNs meant to further empower China’s Great Firewall Jan 24 ET deals roundup: Save big on 4K UHD TVs in time for the big game Jan 24 3D TV is finally, blessedly, mercifully, dead — will VR follow suit? Jan 24 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Apple files US$1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Technology Apple files US$1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm Apple Inc filed a US$1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Posted 21 Jan 2017 08:50 Updated 21 Jan 2017 12:20 People line up at an Apple store shortly before it opens in Beijing, China, January 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS - Apple Inc filed a US$1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's US$23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some US$1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless." "Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement. "We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits.” Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at US$62.88 on the news. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm US$854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a US$975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at US$36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Gaming PCs Review Maingear Drift (2016) Review: A Small, Stunning Showpiece by Michael Andronico Jan 20, 2017, 5:10 PM Maingear Drift The good Stunning, relatively small design Fast overall performance Tons of customization options The bad Expensive No multiple GPU support Verdict The Maingear Drift is a gorgeously customizable desktop for gamers high on cash and low on desk space. 8/10 Totally worth it $1299 Maingear Every few months, Maingear likes to pop in our office like a high-tech Santa Claus and drop off a tricked-out custom gaming PC that none of us could ever reasonably afford. The latest such behemoth is the new Maingear Drift: a sleek, sporty powerhouse that's quite small for a tower and just slim enough to fit into larger entertainment centers. The Drift's blazing performance and plethora of premium customization options make it fantastic for gamers high on cash and low on desk space, though budget shoppers should look elsewhere. Design Without looking at any logos or packaging, I knew the Drift was a Maingear PC the second I laid eyes on it. The company just has a knack for making desktops that are droolworthy tech showpieces, as made evident by the Drift's transparent glass side panel that reveals the mesmerizing maze of colored cooling tubes inside. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide I'm an especially big fan of our Drift's white-and-teal color scheme, which looks like it was custom-built for one of my favorite Overwatch characters: the bubbly, ice-slinging Mei. As with any Maingear PC, you can have the Drift painted in whichever crazy color combination you like -- including some extra-luxurious automotive paint options. MORE: The Best Gaming Desktops Available Now While the Drift looks stunning standing up, you can screw off its vertical base if you want to lay it flat under your TV. At 18.3 X 15.11 x 5.8 inches and a hefty 35 pounds, the Drift won't blend into your entertainment center as neatly as a PS4 or an Xbox One would, and it's not nearly as small as other living-room-minded PCs such as theMSI Trident and the Origin Chronos. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide Still, the Drift is about 20 percent smaller than Maingear's F131 and looks tiny next to a high-end competitor such as the Origin Millennium, making it a good middle ground for those with a decent amount of desk or shelf space. Ports and Upgradability The Drift's front-facing port layout packs all of your essentials: two USB 3.0 ports, headphone and mic jacks and a Blu-ray disc drive. In the back, you'll find four USB 3.0 ports, two USB 3.1 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, a PS/2 port for older accessories and a standard smattering of audio jacks. You'll also find two Gigabit Ethernet jacks for maximum speeds, as well as an eSATA port for external storage. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide Removing the Drift's glass side panel is as easy as removing some hand screws, though you'll probably be doing more basic maintenance than full-on upgrading due to the complex layout of tubes and wires beneath. Fortunately, the system comes with a one-year warranty in addition to lifetime labor support, so Maingear should be able to handle any major part replacement issues for you. Gaming and VR Performance Offering the latest 10-series Nvidia Titan X graphics card, our Drift churned out some of the best gaming performance you can get from a single GPU. The machine made quick work of the action-platforming of Rise of the Tomb Raider, rendering the game's gorgeous environments and detailed hair physics at 91 frames per second with graphics cranked all the way up at 1080p. The Drift faltered a bit under the same settings at 4K resolution, turning in a just-playable 29.5 fps. That's comparable to the frame rates we typically get from even the highest-end systems, the game at the highest possible settings at 4K. This rig is more than ready for high-end virtual reality, scoring a strong 11 points on Valve's SteamVR performance test. Maingear's PC had a much easier time with the slick stealth action of Hitman, running our benchmark (1080p at max settings) at a swift 140.9 fps, crushing our 83 fps gaming desktop average. The chaotic open-world action of Grand Theft Auto V was also no match for the Drift, running at a breezy 114.2 fps at 1080p with graphics maxed out. That smokes our 63 fps average. MORE: The Best Headsets for Immersive Gaming The Drift is more than ready for high-end virtual reality, scoring a strong 11 points on Valve's SteamVR performance test. That's the highest score we've seen yet, and is on a par with GTX 1080-powered machines, such as the Alienware Aurora and the Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900. Older machines with GTX 970 graphics cards tend to score closer to six. The Drift scored a 6,987 on the Fire Strike Ultra test (which measures 4K performance), trailing the Millennium (13,750) and our three-GPU Area 51 (7,531), while crushing our 3,451 gaming desktop average. Overall Performance Armed with an Intel Core i7-6950X processor, 16GB of RAM and Maingear's Redline overclocking technology, our Drift offered blazing performance across the board. Maingear's PC remained speedy no matter which combination of tasks I threw at it, even as I bounced between four Twitch streams, downloaded a game and ran a full system scan all at once. The Drift scored a 25,777 on the Geekbench 4 general performance test, trailing our Origin Millennium (Core i7-6950X, 32,035) while topping our Core i7 5820K-powered Alienware Area 51 (21,060) and our 13,346 desktop average. MORE: Our Favorite Gaming Mice for Every Genre On our spreadsheet test, Maingear's PC copied 20,000 names to addresses in 3 minutes and 15 seconds. That's quicker than the Millenium (3:01) and the Area 51 (3:50) as well as our 3:29 average. Our Drift's 512GB SSD copied about 5GB of files in a whopping 10 seconds, for an ultrafast transfer rate of 508.92 MBps. Our Origin Millennium's 512GB SSD was just a smidge faster at 565.47 MBps, while our Area 51's 256GB SSD turned in a slower 221 MBps. Configurations The Maingear Drift is a made-to-order system, meaning it’s only as expensive and over-the-top as you want it to be. Basic models start at $1,299 for an Intel Z270-based system, which features an Intel Core i5-7500 processor, 8GB of RAM, an AMD Radeon RX 460 graphics card and 1TB of storage. High-end Superstock models (which feature hand-crafted liquid cooling tubes) start at $4,099 with a Core i5-7500 CPU, 8GB RAM, a Radeon RX 480 GPU and a 1TB hard drive. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide From there, you're free to upgrade to whichever high-end components you like, including Nvidia's GTX 1080 graphics card ($565 extra), the latest Intel Core i7 processors (add $145) and any combination of high-speed storage drives. Slapping on a coat of fancy automotive paint will run you at least another $499, but there are plenty of stylish color options (including Alpine White, Sapphire Blue, and Copper Orange) for those who prefer to splurge. Maingear sent us a tricked-out $7,550 version of the Drift, which has a natural white finish on the outside with baby blue paint and white LED lights on the inside. The system is powered by an Intel Core i7 6950X processor, 16GB of RAM, a 2TB hard drive with a 512GB SSD and Nvidia's high-end Titan X graphics card. Other goodies on our luxury model include a 6X Blu-Ray drive, dual Ethernet ports and Maingear's Redline overclocking tech, which allows you to safely push the performance of the machine. Bottom Line As with all Maingear PCs, the Drift is a stunning gaming desktop aimed at those willing to pay for top performance and an exquisite custom design. It's not exactly console-size, but it won't devour too much of your desk space, and will look great in your entertainment center, provided you have the room for it. And with support for extremely fast Intel Core i7 processors, the highest-end GPUs and plenty of custom cooling options, the Drift delivers when it comes to pure horsepower. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide One of the Drift's only notable cons is its lack of multi-GPU support, which is fairly common on higher-end systems such as the Origin Millennium and Maingear's own F131. Still, the Drift's single graphics card slot keeps it smaller than both of those desktops, and you'll probably be fine with a single GPU as long as you're not powering a plethora of 4K monitors. Overall, if your budget is high and your shelf space is low, the Maingear Drift is one of the most gorgeous and customizable premium gaming PCs out there. 8/10 Quick Take Get the Maingear Drift if you're willing to shell out for a truly custom gaming PC that won't take up a ton of space. If you want to go crazy with multiple graphics cards, consider the Maingear F131 or Origin Millennium. $1299 Maingear About the author Michael Andronico @MikeAndronico Mike Andronico is an associate editor at Tom's Guide. When he's not writing about mobile tech and gaming, you can usually catch him playing Street Fighter, devouring Twitch streams and trying to convince people that Hawkeye is the best Avenger. Read more Gaming PCs Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Off-Topic / General Discussion forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Also for gaming-pcs Editor's choice Alienware Aurora R5 9/10 Superior US$799.00 Alienware Editor's choice Maingear Rush 9/10 Superior $1,799.00 Maingear Editor's choice Lenovo Erazer X510 8/10 Totally worth it $1049.99 Lenovo The Latest On Tom’s Guide Best Picks 46 mn Best Robot Kits for Kids Best Picks 53 mn Best Smart Home Gadgets of 2017 Reference 2 hr DirecTV vs. DirecTV Now: What’s the Difference? Deals 3 hr Best Tech Deals of 2017: Super Bowl TV Discounts and Mo... News 4 hr iPhone 8's Coolest Feature Now in Doubt How-To 6 hr How to Change the Amazon Echo Wake Word News 6 hr Galaxy S7 Edge Screens Suffering From Pink Lines: How t... News 7 hr Security Alert: You Need to Download iOS 10.2.1 Now News 7 hr Galaxy S8 Will Likely Be Fastest Phone for a While News 7 hr Someone Just Designed the iPhone 8 of Your Dreams News 8 hr Android Instant Apps Are Here: How to Try Them How-To 21 hr 13 NES Classic Cheat Codes You Need to Try Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesEntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Equipment & OrdnanceMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsPeopleCommunication & Cyber International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 24 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,376258.24 NIFTY 50 8,47684.30 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,722-81.00 USD/INR 68.14-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 258 pts; Nifty50 tops 8,470; Bajaj Auto top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm By Reuters | Updated: Jan 21, 2017, 06.35 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » technology | Samsung | Qualcomm | Monopoly | Market | iPhone | Galaxy Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. Budget 2017: Can Arun Jaitley make you & economy happy? Click for our special Budget 2017 coverage Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government filed a lawsuit that accused the chip maker of resorting to anti competitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. "If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota Most Googled Bollywood actresses of 2016 CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th US President Pentagon may sign $9-billion F-35 contract with Lockheed RBL Bank profit up, asset quality stable READ MORE ON » technology | Samsung | Qualcomm | Monopoly | Market | iPhone | Galaxy To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented View: Modi's move to dismantle bureaucracy, the demonic relic of the Raj, deserves a standing ovation US President Donald Trump speaks with PM Narendra Modi over phone A single taxpayer owes 11% of total tax paid by all Indians in 2014-15 Where are the fake notes? Even RBI doesn't know Impose tax on cash withdrawal above Rs 50,000, panel on digital payments suggests PM Modi More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Military Military: The Intel 3 military takeaways from Trump inauguration speech Donald Trump, James Mattis, Melania Trump Andrew Harnik / AP President Donald Trump talks with Defense Secretary-designate James Mattis in the reviewing stand for Trump's inaugural parade on Pennsylvania Avenue outside the White House in Washington, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017. President Donald Trump talks with Defense Secretary-designate James Mattis in the reviewing stand for Trump's inaugural parade on Pennsylvania Avenue outside the White House in Washington, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017. (Andrew Harnik / AP) Jeanette SteeleContact Reporter In a 1,400-word inauguration speech Friday, President Donald Trump mentioned his plans for the U.S.military just a few times. But here’s what he signaled. 1. U.S. troop buildup: We have “subsidized the armies of other countries while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military.” Trump outlined his plan for a larger military in a September speech in Philadelphia. He called for an Army of 540,000 soldiers, up from 475,000 in uniform at that time. Welcome to The Intel, a blog examining the hot military news of the day The drawdown since the official end of the U.S. ground campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan has shrunk the Army to its smallest size since the end of World War II. Trump has outlined a 350-ship Navy, up from today’s 274. (The Navy’s long-range shipbuilding program was already working toward a fleet of 308 vessels by the next few years, and last month the sea service unveiled an upgraded plan for 355.) The new president has also called for 36 Marine Corp battalions, up from 24, and 1,200 Air Force fighter jets, an increase of more than 80 planes. To pay for this, Trump has mentioned ending the budget cap for defense spending. He also has gestured toward government cuts. “I will ask Congress to fully offset the costs of increased military spending. In the process, we will make government leaner and more responsive to the public,” he said in September. 2. New foreign policy?: “We've defended other nation’s borders while refusing to defend our own and spent trillions of dollars overseas while America's infrastructure has fallen into disrepair and decay.” And, “We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world — but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first.” Given Trump’s past criticisms of NATO, it’s possible these statements signal more of a go-it-alone policy.  In September, Trump said he will request that all NATO nations promptly “pay their bills, which many are not doing right now” and that more meet the minimum in defense spending. The now-president has also called on allies Germany, Japan and South Korea and also on Saudi Arabia to pay more “for the tremendous security we provide them.” 3. ‘Radical Islamic terrorism’ is the only enemy mentioned: “We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones — and unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism, which we will eradicate completely from the face of the Earth.” Trump didn’t say the words Russia, China or North Korea in his speech — despite Russia’s 2014 takeover of Crimea and North Korea’s recent threat to test long-range missiles that could reach the United States with nuclear weapons. As a candidate, Trump said if elected he would ask his generals for a plan within 30 days to defeat and destroy the Islamic State, or ISIS. Famously, Trump has claimed to have a personal plan against ISIS that he didn’t want to reveal in order to keep the strategic upper hand. Caption One major obstacle to U.S. military cooperation with Russia A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) Caption One major obstacle to U.S. military cooperation with Russia A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) Caption New doctrine for dealing with potential enemies like China, Russia, Iran The “distributed lethality” concept is catching on not only with captains in the surface fleet — destroyers, cruisers and smaller warships that during the past seven decades have often been used to protect aircraft carriers. The “distributed lethality” concept is catching on not only with captains in the surface fleet — destroyers, cruisers and smaller warships that during the past seven decades have often been used to protect aircraft carriers. Caption Scientists suggest U.S. missile defense policy is shifting from a flawed system to a fantasy Congress has approved a bill calling for research of space-based missile defense systems, while leading scientists dismiss the idea as fantasy. Congress has approved a bill calling for research of space-based missile defense systems, while leading scientists dismiss the idea as fantasy. Caption 32nd year of San Diego VA’s Care and Share gift bags for needy veterans Care and Share Drive to provide holiday meals for almost 600 Veterans and their families in need Care and Share Drive to provide holiday meals for almost 600 Veterans and their families in need Caption What is the F-35 fighter jet program? The F-35 fighter jet program is the most expensive weapons program ever with a total estimated cost of $379 billion. The F-35 fighter jet program is the most expensive weapons program ever with a total estimated cost of $379 billion. jen.steele@sduniontribune.com Facebook: U-T Military Twitter: @jensteeley Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Donald Trump US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Nvidia Shield (2017): The Gizmodo Review Apple AirPods: Australian Review Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Microsoft Surface Book With Performance Base: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Gadgets FTC Says This Smartphone Breathalyser Is Actually A Bunch Of Crap These Are Your Most Insane Airplane Horror Stories The British Accidentally Fired A Ballistic Missile At The U.S. And It's Fine, Everything's Fine You Can Get A Weed Leaf Decal For Literally Any Gadget, So I Did Mobile Rural Mobile Broadband Coverage Is Getting A Boost From Optus How To Make Any Video Play Perfectly On Your Smartphone New Report: Fake iPhone Chargers Have a 99% Chance Of Failure Samsung Won't Launch The Galaxy S8 Until March Car Tech Watch A Guy Put His Car In Reverse At 110KM/H This Month In Dashcams: Learn To Overtake Safely, Please Uber To Pay Out $26 Million After Promising Drivers 'Exaggerated' Wages The 2018 Ford Mustang Kills The V6, But Gets Magnetic Ride Online Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday A US ISP Tweeted Out Some Spectacularly Awful Security Advice Tidal And Sprint Create The Saddest Business Partnership Ever Wikihow Turned Obama, Jay-Z And Beyoncé White To Explain 'How To Become A Congressman' Science & Health Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared These Five Teams Will Duke It Out For $26 Million In A Race To The Moon The Most Advanced Weather Satellite Yet Just Dropped Its First Amazing Images Yes, The Eerie Carl Sagan Prediction That's Going Viral Is Real Cameras I'm Equally Excited For Two Very Different Cameras An Australian Company Says It Can Hijack Drones Wirelessly Leica's M10 Is Another Beautiful, High-End German Masterpiece Of A Camera You Can Now Do Harvard's Photography Course Online (For Free) Computing Deals: Learn How To Blind Everyone With Data Science 5 Reasons To Give Microsoft's Edge Browser Another Chance Even With A GTX 1060, Is Intel's Quad-Core Q6600 Good Enough? 4 Computer Security Threats You Might Not Be Protecting Against Gaming Don't Have Kids Neko Atsume Could Seriously Be The First Good Video Game Movie What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Garbage Graphics This Might Be The Cthulhu Video Game Of Our Nightmares, Er, Dreams Entertainment The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Seeing The Seasons Pass In Norway Is Just So Good Feeding A Toucan Froot Loops Is Probably A Bad Idea Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Best. School Excursion. Ever. Don't Have Kids Who Is 'The Last Jedi'? The British Accidentally Fired A Ballistic Missile At The U.S. And It's Fine, Everything's Fine Even With A GTX 1060, Is Intel's Quad-Core Q6600 Good Enough? Logan Booker Jan 21, 2017, 11:30am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories benchmarks computing cpus intel Share Image: Miles Bannan / Flickr PC hardware from a few years ago? Relics of another era. How about a decade old? You might as well be talking about fossilised remains. Yet, people still happily run gear such as Intel's venerable Q6600, one of the company's more overclockable quad-core chips, under the belief that it's "good enough". The benchmarks, however, tell a very different story. TechSpot's Steven Walton was curious enough to pit the Q6600 against some more modern components, including the i5-2500K, i7-6700K, i3-6100 and the discount Haswell-based Pentium G3470. All the CPUs were paired with NVIDIA's GTX 1060 or 1070 and while not the absolute top-end of the GPU market, these chips are more than sufficient to make sure the CPU is the main bottleneck. In terms of tests, Battlefield 1 was the first game off the rank. The Q6600 did not do well: The Core 2 Quad Q6600 really struggled in Battlefield 1, delivering just 26fps on average at 1080p with the GeForce GTX 1060 handling the rendering. Worse still, stuttering was a massive issue and we often saw the average frame rate cut in half as the system halted. Even overclocking the Q6600 to 3.1GHz didn't get it out of trouble as minimum frame rates still dipped into the teens. Overclocked, the Q6600 just manages to keep up with the G3470 and doesn't even come close to the other processors. The story remains the same as other titles are benchmarked, including Overwatch, Total War: Warhammer and Gears of War 4. In fact, the ~$100 G3470 starts to pull ahead in the later tests, with even the overclocked Q6600 looking incredibly sad. Are the results surprising? Not really. Considering the age difference between the chips, it'd be like comparing the Q6600 to the 200MHz Pentium. No contest, right? Although CPU technology hasn't advanced as quickly over the last decade as it did during the 90s and early 2000s, it's moved fast enough that you should still consider upgrading every five to ten years. [TechSpot] Comments munfis @munfis Jan 21, 2017, 11:42am I just did an upgrade, was going to buy a 6700 processor, but the guys at the shop held the oprder for a few days so I could get a 7700 instead. Kinda happy they did, upgrading from a 2600 is a massive difference! Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 21, 2017, 6:40pm I've got a 2500k (overclocked to 4.6) with a 1070 and it runs must stuff fine! :) Which is good coz I'm too poor to upgrade the rest my CPU and mobo. :( Reply 0 chrisco1 @chrisco1 Jan 22, 2017, 3:08pm Funny my 2600k with gtx1080 and 8gb of ram still smashing it. Mobo isn't gonna hold on much longer though i dont think.. usb ports and shit starting to fail but when your talking about 900 dollar upgrade for 5-8fps yeahhh nahhh. Reply 0 gimmick @gimmick Jan 21, 2017, 5:34pm Running a GTX980 on a i7 930. Performance is fine. Reply 0 darylcheshire @darylcheshire Jan 22, 2017, 5:28am I'm running a 980X at 4GHz with a GTX1080 and it still kicks arse. I was recently playing Doom 2016. Soon I'd like to upgrade to a Kaby Lake. My perception of the CPUs since the 980X was that the speed upgrades were tiny increments until recently. Also now they run cooler with less power and heat. Reply 0 skrybe @skrybe Jan 23, 2017, 11:30am Depends a lot on how CPU reliant the games you play are. I found WoW was more CPU sensitive than I thought. Replaced just the CPU and raids became smooth and stutter free on my previous GTX970. Some of the shooters I never saw a difference though. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Samsung Explains Why The Galaxy Note7 Kept Exploding Campbell Simpson 23 Jan 2017 11:30 AM It's time. After more than four months, the world's largest smartphone manufacturer is ready to reveal the exact reason that the Galaxy Note7 -- its most advanced smartphone ever, and the year's strongest competitor to Apple's iPhone 7 -- was recalled. Friends Don't Let Friends Use Flash Campbell Simpson 23 Jan 2017 4:00 PM I've been having a hell of a time loading YouTube videos on my home PC recently. Then, after a little bit of investigation, I found out why. Somehow, Adobe Flash was installed. After running outside and turning three times, spitting and cursing, I uninstalled it. You should do the same. Here's how. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Blind Everyone With Data Science Deals: Charge Your Devices The Easy Way With This Reversible Micro USB Cable Deals: Now You Can Netflix And Chill Anywhere Deals: Get A Complete Coding Education Right Now Trending Articles 1 Samsung Explains Why The Galaxy Note7 Kept Exploding 2 Friends Don't Let Friends Use Flash 3 Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday 4 These Are Your Most Insane Airplane Horror Stories 5 Status Updates On All The Major Movies And TV Shows Stuck In Hollywood Limbo The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit What You Need To Know About The Sims 4 Vampires Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Self Control, The Brute-Force Distraction Blocker, Lands On The iPhone Here's how long you should keep your tax filings, pay stubs, and other important financial records The founder of a $3.9 trillion investment giant has some advice for wannabe money managers Here's every US state's December unemployment rate Mark Zuckerberg says he has no plans to run for president © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, January 24, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump Revives Keystone Oil Pipeline That Obama Blocked By PETER BAKER and CORAL DAVENPORT 2:05 PM ET President Trump continued dismantling his predecessor’s policies by clearing the way for a project that stirred years of debate over the balance between energy production and preventing climate change. Barack Obama rejected the proposed 1,179-mile pipeline in 2015, arguing that it would undercut American leadership in curbing the reliance on carbon energy. A Harsh Critic of the F.B.I., Trump Asks Its Director to Stay By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and ADAM GOLDMAN President Trump has decided to retain James B. Comey as head of the agency, Mr. Comey told his top agents, sparing the president another potentially bruising confirmation battle. Debt Is Projected to Increase by Nearly $10 Trillion by 2027 By ALAN RAPPEPORT 1:43 PM ET Congressional Budget Office projections reveal the strain that the debt will have on the economy as President Trump embarks on plans to slash taxes and ramp up spending. Trump’s 2 Supreme Court Choices Are a Study in Contrasts By ADAM LIPTAK 2:19 PM ET The leading contenders, Judge William Pryor Jr. and Judge Neil Gorsuch, are both conservatives but a study in contrasts. Trump Repeats an Election Lie to Top Lawmakers By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and EMMARIE HUETTEMAN In his first official meeting with congressional leaders, Mr. Trump again falsely claimed that illegal immigrants had cost him the popular vote.  Comments News Analysis Uncertainty and Risk as Trump Throws Out China Playbook By JANE PERLEZ and CHRIS BUCKLEY 3:31 PM ET As he tosses aside decades of American trade policy, President Trump could also go his own way on other issues with China, including Taiwan and the South China Sea. MORE IN POLITICS Hearings Briefing: More Ethics Questions for Health Nominee 3:47 PM ET Senate Democrats to Introduce $1 Trillion Infrastructure Plan 4:06 PM ET For C.E.O.s, a New Concern: The Activist in Chief 12:45 PM ET Trump, in Meeting, Urges Automakers to Build in United States 12:46 PM ET The Daily 360 1:02 A Deadly Tornado’s Destruction William Widmer for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Storm That Roared Through South Sweeps Into Northeast 12:06 PM ET Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Sarah Mullett and John Grant were the first couple to be featured in a New York Times wedding announcement, in the newspaper’s very first issue on September 18, 1851. Credit Christopher Capozziello for The New York Times Committed: 165 Years of New York Times Wedding Announcements The New York Times published its first wedding announcement in the very first issue of the newspaper, on September 18, 1851. This four-week series will take a look at how our wedding reporting has evolved. Your Morning Briefing By CHARLES McDERMID 3:42 PM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. California Today: What, Exactly, Is in Your Sushi? By MIKE McPHATE Plus, a state of emergency over flooding. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Soups to Make When You’re Sick NYT Cooking Sick Day Soups is a group of recipes collected by the editors of NYT Cooking Yes, There Is a ‘Right’ Way to Fall By KATE MURPHY Paratroopers and stuntmen share their advice: Be like a toddler.  Comments ‘La La Land’ and Diversity in Oscar Nods By BROOKS BARNES Voters gave “La La Land” 14 nominations, a tie for the most in Academy Award history. The academy also moved past two #OscarsSoWhite years by honoring six black actors — a record. 2017 Oscar Ballot: Make Your Picks | Surprises and SnubsNYT Now Nominees React | Where to Stream the Nominated MoviesNYT Now Desperate Conditions in a Serbian Migrant Camp By MEGAN SPECIA Migrants are stuck in freezing conditions behind the central train station in Belgrade, Serbia. From the Magazine What Went Wrong With the European Left? Ask France By JAMES ANGELOS As a presidential election approaches this spring, even workers in the country’s rust belt are embracing right-wing populism.  Comments Israel Approves Large West Bank Settlement Expansion By ISABEL KERSHNER 11:06 AM ET The move, after weeks of international criticism, signals that just days into the Trump administration, Israel feels more free to shake off restrictions. Manhattan Jail Built ‘to Drive People Mad’ Has El Chapo By JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN The Metropolitan Correctional Center, which is holding the Mexican drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera, has been called tougher than Guantánamo by one inmate who experienced both. When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders By STEPHANIE SAUL Some students commit sexual assault more than once, research says. Many question whether colleges are doing enough to prevent these recurring crimes. A District Divided Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Nearby Thrive By KATE TAYLOR Community School District 3, on Manhattan’s West Side, is home to some of the best public elementary schools, but the district is divided by race, income and academic achievement.  Comments More News Three Powers Agree to Enforce Syria Cease-Fire 10:47 AM ET An Added Hurdle to ‘Brexit’: Approval by Parliament 3:48 PM ET In Its Third Month, Modi’s Cash Ban Begins to Bite India Afghan Vice President’s Guards Sought in Torture Case A Plane of Riches Trails Gambia’s Departing Leader California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pioneering Woman of Science Re-Emerges Maria Sibylla Merian captivated Europeans with her studies of insects. Now, 300 years later, her findings are being celebrated again. Children’s Book Awards Highlight Race The American Library Association’s annual prizes include a record four awards for Rep. John Lewis. Glimpses of a Gilded Past at Fowler & Wells Tom Colicchio’s new restaurant in a restored 1883 hotel aims for the opulence of a bygone era, but it sometimes loses focus. The Opinion Pages Skip the Press Briefings, and Focus on the Leaks By JOHN A. FARRELL 3:13 PM ET Washington under a Trump presidency will be a sieve of information. Calling all Deep Throats. Editorial: Trump’s Big-Money Establishment Bruni: Insulting His Son Will Only Help Trump 1:31 PM ET President Trump Is in the Building The Shocking Affront of Trump’s C.I.A. Stunt By YAEL EISENSTAT 3:13 PM ET My friend Gregg Wenzel did not make the ultimate sacrifice so this president could have a self-aggrandizing photo op. Brooks: After the March Cohen: The Banal Belligerence of Trump Leonhardt: Our Anti-Parent Workplace User Subscriptions A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse Women Who Voted for Donald Trump: How I Reported on Their Thoughts Times Insider » A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Magazine How Alexa Fits Into Amazon’s Prime Directive Opinion The C.D.C.’s Troubling New Power Science Gene-Modified Ants Hint at Societal Evolution Multimedia/Photos Building Bridges Between Turkey and Armenia Opinion At Quang Nam, a Raid and a Reckoning Pro Football Can We Get a Close Super Bowl? Please? Book Review ‘Patriots’ Charts a Family’s Reverse Journey Opinion Why BuzzFeed News Published the Dossier N.Y. / Region Photographing the Bike Life T Magazine Top 10 Moments From the Men’s Fashion Shows Opinion Letters: A Day of Protest Readers discuss the Women’s March and the president’s reaction. Books Walk Softly, and Don’t Leave the Shampoo Out Sections World » Harold Hayes, Survivor of Secret World War II Odyssey, Dies at 94 Emboldened by Trump, Israel Approves Defiant Wave of West Bank Settlement Expansion Preparing to Meet Trump, Mexican Leader Seeks Common Ground Business Day » News Analysis: Trump Injects High Risk Into Relations With China Square Feet: The Super Bowl Returns to a Transformed Houston Nasdaq Approaches New High as Stocks Gain in Afternoon Trade Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Ditching T.P.P. Won’t Solve the Trade Deficit Editorial: President Trump’s Big-Money Establishment David Brooks: After the Women’s March U.S. » Barely Two R’s Are Taught at School That Led Tribe to Sue U.S. Supreme Court Won’t Hear Appeal From Texas on Voter ID Case Call to Create Jobs, or Else, Tests Trump’s Sway Technology » The New Health Care: Blame Technology, Not Longer Life Spans, for Health Spending Increases Alibaba’s Profile Is Global, but Its Fate Is Tied to China Snapchat Discover Takes a Hard Line on Misleading and Explicit Images Arts » Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors 2017 Oscar Ballot Oscar 2017 Nominees React Politics » Trump’s Supreme Court Choices Come Into Focus Trump Revives Keystone Pipeline Rejected by Obama Federal Debt Projected to Grow by Nearly $10 Trillion Over Next Decade Fashion & Style » COMMITTED Styles Q. and A.: Tiffany Trump Looked West for Her Inauguration Dress Boîte: Ladyfag Hosts a New Party in Brooklyn Movies » Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors Oscar Snubs and Surprises 2017 Oscar Ballot New York » A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive Manhattan Jail That Holds El Chapo Is Called Tougher Than Guantánamo Bay New York City to Pay Up to $75 Million Over Dismissed Summonses Sports » What’s Wrong With the Golden State Warriors? Warped Expectations Roger Federer Will Face Stan Wawrinka in Australian Open Semifinal On Tennis: CoCo Vandeweghe Tames Her Emotions and Elevates Her Game Theater » Review: ‘Tell Hector I Miss Him’ Sketches Love and Addiction in Puerto Rico Poster Perfect: The Art of James McMullan Oscar Nomination Puts Lin-Manuel Miranda One Step Closer to an EGOT Science » Basics: Gene-Modified Ants Shed Light on How Societies Are Organized Trilobites: A Pioneering Woman of Science Re‑Emerges After 300 Years Trilobites: Ancient Bits of Rock Help Solve an Asteroid Mystery Obituaries » Harold Hayes, Survivor of Secret World War II Odyssey, Dies at 94 Charlie Liteky, 85, Dies; Returned Medal of Honor in Protest Michael H. Goldberg, 73, Lawyer Who Bridged A.B.A. and N.B.A., Dies Television » Critic's Notebook: For Trump, Everything Is a Rating Now That Trump Is President, How Will TV Respond? ‘The New Edition Story’ Is a Loving Tribute to a Talented but Tormented Group Health » Are New Drugs for Hepatitis C Safe? A Report Raises Concerns 7 Young People on Their Views of Gender The Right Way to Fall Travel » Pursuits: In Michigan, a Fight Over the Future of a Fabled Trout River The Getaway: Head Trip: Meditation Apps for Travelers Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life Books » Books of The Times: He Doesn’t Like It When You Leave Your Shampoo Out ‘The Evenings,’ a Dutch Classic, Arrives in English. It Only Took 70 Years. Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Education » In Navient Lawsuits, Unsettling Echoes of Past Lending Crisis Nominee Betsy DeVos’s Knowledge of Education Basics Is Open to Criticism Lois Dickson Rice, Trailblazing Executive Behind Pell Grants, Dies at 83 Food » Restaurant Review: Glimpses of a Gilded Past at Fowler & Wells Charred, Browned, Blackened: The Dark Lure of Burned Food A Second Act for Pujol, Mexico’s World-Class Restaurant Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » What's Selling Now: Homes That Sold for Around $750,000 The History Hidden in the Walls Calculator: The Beginning of a Buyer’s Market in Manhattan? The Upshot » The 2016 Race: Trump’s Claim of Millions of Illegal Votes? There’s Simply No Evidence The New Health Care: Blame Technology, Not Longer Life Spans, for Health Spending Increases Demographic Shift: Peak Millennial? Cities Can’t Assume a Continued Boost From the Young Magazine » Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? First Words: Calling Yourself ‘Humbled’ Doesn’t Sound as Humble as It Used To Notebook: Who Didn’t Go to the Women’s March Matters More Than Who Did Automobiles » Trump, in Meeting, Urges Automakers to Build in United States Driven: The BMW X4 M40i Is Fast, if Not Practical Wheels: A Whiff of a New-Car Smell, Just a Page Flip Away T Magazine » 48 Hours With Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri The Enduring Allure of Isabelle Huppert The Auteurs Changing Cinema Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse Women Who Voted for Donald Trump: How I Reported on Their Thoughts Real Estate » Renters Found: Roommate With a Completely Different Schedule By KIM VELSEY A New York City teaching fellow rented out her bedroom and moved into the living room to help make the rent. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-24 WorldStarHipHop Founder Lee ‘Q’ O’Denat Dead at 43 Entertainment 2017-01-24 Razzies 2017: Who Is Worse — Ben Affleck Or Ben Stiller? Entertainment 2017-01-24 Oscars Apologize: Amy Adams Snubbed, ‘Arrival’ Fans Disappointed Entertainment 2017-01-24 Mel Gibson: ‘Hacksaw Ridge’ Director Welcomes Ninth Child, Earns Oscar Nod News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-24 Carnism: The Invisible Belief System That Excuses Cruelty Towards Animals [Opinion] News 2017-01-24 President Trump Signs Executive Order To Abandon Obama’s Signature Policy On Keystone XL and Dakota Pipelines News 2017-01-24 Want To See What $20 Million Hidden In A Mattress Looks Like? Feds Tweet Picture Of Latest Find News 2017-01-24 President Trump Freezes EPA Grants, Institutes Social Media Blackout Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE Raw 1/23/17 In Cleveland: Spoilers, Results And Commentary Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Mickie James Talks Return, Dating John Cena and Kenny Dykstra Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Goldberg To Work Full-Time Schedule If He Becomes Universal Champion? Wrestling 2017-01-24 WWE News: Roman Reigns Talks About Becoming A Heel Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Health 2017-01-22 Marijuana And Pregnancy: What Are The Effects? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘Assassin’s Creed: Empire’ Release Date Revealed? Ubisoft Hints At 2017 For Egypt Setting Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘Monster Hunter XX’ Sword ‘Urano Metria’ Designed By ‘Fairy Tail’ Creator Hiro Mashima Revealed: Mystical Weapon Available As Expansion DLC For Nintendo 3DS Game Gaming 2017-01-24 ‘League of Legends’ Clubs and ULoL: The Big Ten Network Signs Up For ‘LoL’ League Gaming 2017-01-23 ‘Resident Evil 7: Biohazard’ Reviews Indicate A Revival In The Series BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Donald Trump Parody Video Gets Boulder Creek High School Principal And Assistant Principal Suspended – With Pay BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Dippin Dots Wins With Free Press After Sean Spicer Launched Five-Year Twitter War With The Company BuzzWorthy 2017-01-24 Melania’s Scowl After Trump Passes Comment In Inauguration Video Goes Viral: What Did Donald Say That Made The First Lady’s Expression Darken?[Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-23 Carrie Fisher News: Princess Leia Became The Inspiration For Many At Women’s March SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Is No Match For The Surface Pro 4 [Opinion] Opinion 0 0 0 January 20, 2017 The Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Is No Match For The Surface Pro 4 [Opinion] Daryl Deino The following article is entirely the opinion of Daryl Deino and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. Dell’s XPS 13 2-in 1 is advertised as the much-loved XPS 13 turned into a tablet. However, that’s not really the case. In order to get the tablet thinner, many of the ports have been taken off. Dell is also including mobile processors that are just updated versions of their slow Core m chips. That’s not to say that Dell created a lemon — it’s anything but that. Let’s compare the XPS 13 2-in-1 to the Surface Pro 4, the item it is trying to beat. Design The design of the XPS 13 2-in-1 is the same as the regular XPS 13. The machine still has an aluminum outside and a carbon-fiber inside. The keys are very much the same, except they may have slightly less travel. The new XPS 13 feels great in tablet mode, although one may wish it had more of a 3:2 aspect ratio instead of the predictable 16:9 one. The Surface Pro 4 has a metallic-grey magnesium finish and an adjustable kickstand. The Type Cover is optional, but something no Surface Pro 4 owner should do without. It’s lighter than the XPS 13 2-in-1, but also smaller. Screen Dell kept the same 3200 x 1800 (276 PPI) screen on the XPS 13 2-in-1, and that certainly isn’t a bad thing. A lot of people hoped for a 4K screen, but not only will the human eye not be able to tell much of a difference, but a 4K screen would eat more battery life. The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 has a gorgeous screen. [Image by Daryl Deino] The Surface Pro 4 has a 12.3-inch 2,736 x 1,824 (267 PPI) display that equals the XPS 13 display depending on your unit. Many of the early Surface Pro 4 units had problems with backlight bleed (something nobody has complained about on the XPS 13) and dead pixels. Performance For the purposes of this review, the higher-end versions of both devices are being compared. The $1,799 version of the XPS 13, has 16GB RAM, a 512GB SSD, and what Intel refers to as a i7-7Y75 processor, which means it has no fan and it runs slower than the regular i7 processor. The XPS 13 2-in-1 will be fine for those who do office work. But for those who want to do heavy Photoshop work or video editing, look away. The Surface Pro 4 has a more powerful CPU than the XPS 13 2-in-1. [Image by Daryl Deino] In terms of performance, the higher-end Surface Pro 4 truly is the tablet that can replace your laptop. For just $100 more than the XPS 13, you can get a Pro 4 with the same specs, but with a high-powered Intel Core i7 processor. You will have no problem editing your 4K movies or editing selfies to make yourself look noticeably thinner. Battery life One of the reasons Dell included a lower-powered CPU was to save battery life. Although this reviewer hasn’t been able to test the battery life, others say that the battery can last up to eight hours for regular users and seven hours for power users. The same can’t be said about the Surface Pro 4. When first released, the battery life was the achilles heel of the unit. However, Microsoft has improved things with updates, and now, the battery life is below average, but not a deal breaker. The Pro 4 will last most users six hours on a single charge. Power users will have to do with four-and-a-half hours to five hours of use. Conclusion There really isn’t much competition here. Both are great laptops, but for the money you pay, the Surface Pro 4 gives the user more power and a better user experience. One can only hope that Microsoft fixes the battery life issue with the upcoming Surface Pro 5. [Featured Image by Daryl Deino] Now Watch This: White House Defends “Most Watched Ever” Statement Now Read This: Carnism: The Invisible Belief System That Excuses Cruelty Towards Animals [Opinion] Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Dell XPS 13, Microsoft Surface Pro 4, tablet January 24, 2017 Did ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Star Dakota Johnson Just Confirm She Is Bisexual? January 24, 2017 Selena Gomez Happier With The Weeknd Than Justin Bieber: She Is ‘Feeling Things She’s Never Felt’ Comments LATEST HEADLINES Watch Again ‘The Path’ Season 1 Full Episodes Online Free Before Hulu Premieres Season 2 [Video] DCTV: Harley Quinn, Kevin Smith’s Daughter, Victim Of Human Trafficking On ‘Supergirl’ [Recap] Jennifer Aniston: Star Acknowledges Her Letter To Tabloids Has Done Little ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Jax Taylor Wasn’t Surprised By Scheana Marie And Mike Shay’s Divorce Queen Elizabeth’s ‘Blood Princesses’ Eugenie, Beatrice And Parents Prince Andrew And Sarah Ferguson Show Public They Can Be Likable Royals WorldStarHipHop Founder Lee ‘Q’ O’Denat Dead at 43 Kelly Ripa Co-Host Search Continues, Jerry O’Connell Says He’s Willing To Step In Ryan Reynolds Schedules ‘Tickle-Fight’ After ‘Deadpool’ Oscar Snub Chelsea Handler Under Fire For Saying Melania Trump Can ‘Barely Speak English’ ‘Stranger Things’ Season 2 Release Date, Story Resumes A Year Later With Many Changes Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Is The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus A Hero In Real Life? Is He Awesome Like Daryl Dixon? [Opinion] 14.5k 0 0 ‘Hwarang’ Korean Drama Flops? Star-Studded Cast Of K-Pop Idols Fails To Deliver Ratings 14.8k 0 0 BTS K-Pop Comeback In 2017: BigHit Entertainment Clarifies Bangtan Boys Continuing ‘Wings’ This February [Video] 8.8k 0 0 Red Velvet Comeback In 2017: SM Entertainment K-pop Girl Group Reported To Make Return Late January Or Early February [Video] 3.2k 0 0 Katie Rich Fired? @KatieMaryRich Twitter, Facebook Deleted: ‘SNL’ Writer’s Tweet About Barron Trump, 10, And Boycott Buzz 3.9k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Goldberg’s Surprising Opponent For ‘FastLane’ Revealed 2.2k 0 0 Recent Videos Media Industry White House Press Secretary Accuses Media Of False Coverage News Women’s March On Washington Spreads Worldwide Politics Donald Trump Backs The CIA “1000 Percent” Politics Donald Trump Says Cabinet Has “Highest IQ Ever Assembled” Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm alleging mobile phone chip monopoly Reuters January 20, 2017 3:47 PM Tags: Apple, monopoly, Qualcomm, Samsung, semiconductors Above: Qualcomm Logo Image Credit: Reuters / Mike Blake Apple filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government filed a lawsuit that accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones. Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung for “modem” chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year. In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple’s discussions with South Korea’s antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission. “If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused,” Apple said in its lawsuit. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on “reasonable” terms. In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips. It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a “no license, no chip” policy. In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose “onerous” supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint. Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple’s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7. Qualcomm “has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time,” Rasgon said. Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts. (Reporting by Diane Bartz in Washington and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Alan Crosby and Matthew Lewis) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Computerworld Augmented reality is more than just holograms News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Augmented reality is more than just holograms The AR in Action conference redefines AR to include many diverse technologies Steven Max Patterson (Network World) 21 January, 2017 08:31 - - - - print email Comments Holographic headsets are a central theme to augmented reality (AR) today, but the recent AR in Action Conference demonstrated the diversity of the field and the potential to include many more technologies to augment humans. The AR in Action Conference, held at the MIT Media Lab, expanded the definition of AR through a TED conference-like lens, delivering 70 diverse curated talks and 32 panels over two days to over 1,000 experts and practitioners in the field. Panelists included Mark Sage, AR for Enterprise Alliance Corp.; David Smith, Wearality; Patrick Ryan, Newport News Shipbuilding; Mark Kirby, Liberty Mutual Insurance Group; and Christine Perry, Perry Consulting--pictured left to right above. As Chris Croteau, general manager of Intel’s Wearable Device Group, said: “A liberal definition of AR focuses on the way data is presented to users and how they interact with it. The popular definition of the AR platform as a holographic projection system like the Hololens, Meta and ODG headsets limits what AR can be.” The value of these holographic projection headsets was well represented with talks like the one by Harvard Medical School professor Jayender Jagadeesan, who spoke about surgical AR applications, and by combat fighter pilot Patrick Guinee, who spoke about enhanced 360-degree field of views that let the pilot look down, through his body, and the fuselage underfoot to see adversaries below. “The conference widened my myopic aperture to the universal possibilities,” said Guinee, who has 25 years of experience with holographic AR military applications. He pointed out that AR can be visual, fitting the popular paradigm of holographic projections overlayed onto reality using a headset. But in its essence, it is the overlay of a data sources impacting human perception. It is not necessarily visual, but it could be sound or haptic perception of interactions with electromechanical stimulus, though this is still somewhat limiting to the definition of this emerging field. Digitally augmented humans AR can also change human perception of the surrounding space when a digitally augmented human interacts with a data source, such digitally enhanced senses or accumulated data from surrounding IoT infrastructure. Juan Enriquez, genomic and life sciences visionary, writer and frequent TED conference speaker, and Carl Byers, chief strategy officer of Contextere, explained the seemingly infinite possibilities of overlayed data and augmented perception and enhanced human capability that defines AR. Enriquez said: “The potential of AR reminds me of the early definition of the internet: thousands of people loosely connected. A few decades later AR is a similar network effect that augments people’s cognitive capabilities and perceptions through their interconnecting data acquired from bio- sensors, worn sensors and the space around them.” Byers said: “The talks reinforced my view of AR as a broader concept. It is a suite of technologies that extend human capability and understanding using a variety of approaches across industries and applications." Pattie Maes, head of the MIT Media Labs Fluid Interface group, wrapped AR in a multidisciplinary explanation of the evolution of AR design and development of assistive technology user interfaces and interactions that integrate with a user’s mind, body and behavior. The talk about the evolution from human to cyborg made a striking point about disabilities becoming augmented abilities with the example of double leg amputee Hugh Herr, an MIT professor of biometrics who has created breakthrough bionic limbs that enhance human mobility—like the blades Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius wears. The line between disability begins with augmentation, which at this point in time may only partially remedy disability but—like Pistorius’ legs—could in the future exceed normal human capabilities to interact with the surrounding space. We could have bionic eyes that exceed human vision and augmented cognition with which everything is remembered and everything in the environment is contextually understood. Metasensory augmentation Perhaps the term metasensory augmentation—from the father of wearables dating to the 1980s, Steve Mann—might replace the term AR. Mann talked about emitted energy transduced into visual applications and the brain-computer interface. Mann also added emphasis to the history of wearables. Other speakers gave balance to the conference’s enthusiasm, including Monique Morrow, co-chair of the IEEE Global Initiative on Ethical Considerations for Mixed Reality Committee. She describes herself as the elephant in the room who is both excited about the possibilities of AR and wary of the potential for abuse. She is concerned with ethical considerations in an AR world driven by intelligent systems observing behaviors and sensing physical phenomena continuously to provide individuals with appropriate content. Could inequities arise if monopolies such as Facebook and Google emerge that monetize this data? What are the ethical surveillance considerations? Enriquez and Ethernet inventor Bob Metcalfe also said a killer AR app has not emerged, unless the definition is stretched to include Pokémon Go. And Croteau explained that systems designers do not yet have all the tools and components to build light, unobtrusive and highly functional AR wearables with good battery life that he equated to the early smartphones. But AR applications are being developed to solve a broad range of problems in fields such as emergency response, architecture and the Internet of Things. Metcalfe applied his many years of experience as an inventor, entrepreneur and advisor/inventor in summing up the conference: “AR technology is on the verge of happening. The timing of the conference fits with the stage of the development of AR because at times like this, people get together to give the industry a vector for direction, at least for a while.” Fifty videos will be posted to the conference website soon. Readers interested in learning more should check the conference website: arinaction.org. Demand for 3rd Party ERP Support Soars More from Rimini Street Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ByersFacebookGoogleIEEEIntelinventorMannMetcalfeMITMIT Media LabNewportNewsSage Editor's Recommendations Independent review of ATO outage begins ASD to brief political parties on hacking threat DNS: The ‘Achilles’ Heel’ of the Internet GreenSync eyes global opportunities Government eyes regional cyber security boost WA govt signs contracts for GovNext overhaul Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS Cyber Ransom Survival Guide: The Growing Threat of Ransomware and RDoS – and What to Do About It Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Your phone: Smarter in 2017, says Deloitte Microsoft to retire original Windows 10 on March 26 As security vendors double down on ANZ, businesses must tap resources to ... CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Optus rolls out small cells in WA Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Augmented reality is more than just holograms Augmented reality is more than just holograms The AR in Action conference redefines AR to include many diverse technologies Steven Max Patterson (Network World) 21 January, 2017 08:31 - - - - print email Comments Holographic headsets are a central theme to augmented reality (AR) today, but the recent AR in Action Conference demonstrated the diversity of the field and the potential to include many more technologies to augment humans. The AR in Action Conference, held at the MIT Media Lab, expanded the definition of AR through a TED conference-like lens, delivering 70 diverse curated talks and 32 panels over two days to over 1,000 experts and practitioners in the field. Panelists included Mark Sage, AR for Enterprise Alliance Corp.; David Smith, Wearality; Patrick Ryan, Newport News Shipbuilding; Mark Kirby, Liberty Mutual Insurance Group; and Christine Perry, Perry Consulting--pictured left to right above. As Chris Croteau, general manager of Intel’s Wearable Device Group, said: “A liberal definition of AR focuses on the way data is presented to users and how they interact with it. The popular definition of the AR platform as a holographic projection system like the Hololens, Meta and ODG headsets limits what AR can be.” The value of these holographic projection headsets was well represented with talks like the one by Harvard Medical School professor Jayender Jagadeesan, who spoke about surgical AR applications, and by combat fighter pilot Patrick Guinee, who spoke about enhanced 360-degree field of views that let the pilot look down, through his body, and the fuselage underfoot to see adversaries below. “The conference widened my myopic aperture to the universal possibilities,” said Guinee, who has 25 years of experience with holographic AR military applications. He pointed out that AR can be visual, fitting the popular paradigm of holographic projections overlayed onto reality using a headset. But in its essence, it is the overlay of a data sources impacting human perception. It is not necessarily visual, but it could be sound or haptic perception of interactions with electromechanical stimulus, though this is still somewhat limiting to the definition of this emerging field. Digitally augmented humans AR can also change human perception of the surrounding space when a digitally augmented human interacts with a data source, such digitally enhanced senses or accumulated data from surrounding IoT infrastructure. Juan Enriquez, genomic and life sciences visionary, writer and frequent TED conference speaker, and Carl Byers, chief strategy officer of Contextere, explained the seemingly infinite possibilities of overlayed data and augmented perception and enhanced human capability that defines AR. Enriquez said: “The potential of AR reminds me of the early definition of the internet: thousands of people loosely connected. A few decades later AR is a similar network effect that augments people’s cognitive capabilities and perceptions through their interconnecting data acquired from bio- sensors, worn sensors and the space around them.” Byers said: “The talks reinforced my view of AR as a broader concept. It is a suite of technologies that extend human capability and understanding using a variety of approaches across industries and applications." Pattie Maes, head of the MIT Media Labs Fluid Interface group, wrapped AR in a multidisciplinary explanation of the evolution of AR design and development of assistive technology user interfaces and interactions that integrate with a user’s mind, body and behavior. The talk about the evolution from human to cyborg made a striking point about disabilities becoming augmented abilities with the example of double leg amputee Hugh Herr, an MIT professor of biometrics who has created breakthrough bionic limbs that enhance human mobility—like the blades Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius wears. The line between disability begins with augmentation, which at this point in time may only partially remedy disability but—like Pistorius’ legs—could in the future exceed normal human capabilities to interact with the surrounding space. We could have bionic eyes that exceed human vision and augmented cognition with which everything is remembered and everything in the environment is contextually understood. Metasensory augmentation Perhaps the term metasensory augmentation—from the father of wearables dating to the 1980s, Steve Mann—might replace the term AR. Mann talked about emitted energy transduced into visual applications and the brain-computer interface. Mann also added emphasis to the history of wearables. Other speakers gave balance to the conference’s enthusiasm, including Monique Morrow, co-chair of the IEEE Global Initiative on Ethical Considerations for Mixed Reality Committee. She describes herself as the elephant in the room who is both excited about the possibilities of AR and wary of the potential for abuse. She is concerned with ethical considerations in an AR world driven by intelligent systems observing behaviors and sensing physical phenomena continuously to provide individuals with appropriate content. Could inequities arise if monopolies such as Facebook and Google emerge that monetize this data? What are the ethical surveillance considerations? Enriquez and Ethernet inventor Bob Metcalfe also said a killer AR app has not emerged, unless the definition is stretched to include Pokémon Go. And Croteau explained that systems designers do not yet have all the tools and components to build light, unobtrusive and highly functional AR wearables with good battery life that he equated to the early smartphones. But AR applications are being developed to solve a broad range of problems in fields such as emergency response, architecture and the Internet of Things. Metcalfe applied his many years of experience as an inventor, entrepreneur and advisor/inventor in summing up the conference: “AR technology is on the verge of happening. The timing of the conference fits with the stage of the development of AR because at times like this, people get together to give the industry a vector for direction, at least for a while.” Fifty videos will be posted to the conference website soon. Readers interested in learning more should check the conference website: arinaction.org. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ByersFacebookGoogleIEEEIntelinventorMannMetcalfeMITMIT Media LabNewportNewsSage Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed Delivering Quality of Service with Pillar Axiom 600 Latest Jobs Regional Sales Manager - Telco/ICT - Employer of choice QLD Web Developer SA Dynamics CRM Technical Delivery Manager VIC Project Services Opportunities SA Devops Engineer VIC Business Project Manager Integration NSW Junior Project Manager QLD Data Analyst VIC Program Manager NSW Salesforce Technical Business Analyst (Brisbane based) Other Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​WA government finalises contracts for IT overhaul ​ME exploring artificial intelligence The week in security: Hackers plunder online databases as Trump nominee flags ... CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge Court denies US government appeal in Microsoft overseas email case Report: Half of ransomware's SMB victims pay up Pompeo sworn in as CIA chief amid opposition from surveillance critics As security vendors double down on ANZ, businesses must tap resources to survive 2017 unscathed Computerworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Independent review of ATO outage begins Apple quashes bugs in iOS, macOS and Safari Optus rolls out more small cells in NT, SA ARN HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend Optus ramps up regional mobile coverage Dell EMC: Behind the makings of a global channel program Techworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 U.S. solar industry passes oil, coal and gas for job creation Cisco's all-in-one Spark Board puts the cloud on a wall Box launches standalone Notes app to help teams collaborate HP recalls over 100,000 more laptop batteries for fire hazard CMO The Outnet offers ‘personalised approach’ with refreshed brand strategy RedBalloon gets new CMO, CTO CMO-CIO NZ roundtable: Shifting gears from digital enablement to business transformation Guzman y Gomez appoints new marketing chief Fairfax uses eye tracking study to provide digital ad effectiveness Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against major iPhone partner 8.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The Apple Store in Portland, Oregon. Image: Alex Milan Tracy/Sipa USA By Pete Pachal2017-01-20 21:26:53 UTC Apple just did the unthinkable: The tech giant is suing Qualcomm, maker of the iPhone's baseband processor — the smartphone's modem for connecting to mobile networks — to the tune of $1 billion. First reported by CNBC, the lawsuit portrays Qualcomm as an extortionist over basic smartphone technology and accuses the San Diego-based chip company of withholding payments to Apple in "retaliation" for cooperating with investigators. Apple's move is related to another legal action from earlier this week, when the FTC filed an antitrust lawsuit against Qualcomm, alleging it was using its patents to strong-arm competitors into paying exorbitant patent royalties, even for devices that don't use Qualcomm-made components. SEE ALSO: The anti-trust lawsuit that could shape the future of smartphones Apple was prominently named in the FTC lawsuit, which also alleges Qualcomm pressured Apple in specific ways to guarantee it would use its modem tech exclusively for a five-year period, from 2011 to 2016. The agreement essentially shut out every other manufacturer of baseband processors from the world's most popular smartphone, which the lawsuit says unfairly hampered competitors' development. (With the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple began producing some iPhones with Intel modems.) Apple casts Qualcomm as a lazy company that no longer innovates because its business is built around "older, legacy technologies" In Apple's statement about its own lawsuit, the company says Qualcomm has been charging royalties "for technologies they have nothing to do with." Apple casts Qualcomm as a lazy company that no longer innovates because its business is built around "older, legacy technologies" and that it collects many royalties "for no reason" — essentially accusing the chipmaker of being a patent troll. Apple specifically accuses Qualcomm of withholding "nearly $1 billion" in payments in an act of corporate revenge against Apple, since it cooperated with "law enforcement agencies" tasked with investigating the chipmaker. Those investigations are what likely led to the FTC lawsuit. Apple also gave some detail on just how large Qualcomm's royalties are. According to the company's statement, the royalties Qualcomm collects on the iPhone are five times those of the device's other "cellular patent licensors" combined.  Apple’s lawsuit offers a rare glimpse into the behind-the-scenes dealmaking around intellectual property that goes into building the world’s most popular tech products. While lawsuits over designs and patents happen occasionally, the world’s most valuable company going after one of its own partners, especially one as important to the iPhone as Qualcomm, was something few could have predicted. The lawsuit will certainly have reverberations in the wireless industry for years to come, and could lead to big changes in the cellular modem market as 5G technology — the successor to 4G LTE — takes hold. In 2016, Qualcomm held a whopping 65 percent of the market for mobile baseband modems (and 50 percent of the revenue), figures that could tumble as these lawsuits proceed and competitors pounce. In addition, considering Apple has already begun to use competing modems in the iPhone 7, the incendiary tone of Apple’s statement implies Apple will show Qualcomm the door for the iPhone 8, expected to be unveiled in the fall. Qualcomm responded to Apple's lawsuit late on Friday, with the company's executive vice president and general counsel, Don Rosenberg, calling the accusations "baseless." He also said Qualcomm was eager to have the case go to court since it would involve "full discovery" of Apple's practices, which comes across as a thinly veiled counter-threat. Apple's full statement, sent to Mashable, is below, followed by Qualcomm's, then Apple's full legal filing: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations.  Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Qualcomm's statement: While we are still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it is quite clear that Apple’s claims are baseless. Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits. Updated at 8:40 p.m. ET  on 1/20/17 with Qualcomm's statement. BONUS: Watch what happens when an iPhone 7 is drowned in toothpaste Topics: Apple, iPhone, lawsuit, Mobile, qualcomm, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against major iPhone partner 8.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The Apple Store in Portland, Oregon. Image: Alex Milan Tracy/Sipa USA By Pete Pachal2017-01-20 21:26:53 UTC Apple just did the unthinkable: The tech giant is suing Qualcomm, maker of the iPhone's baseband processor — the smartphone's modem for connecting to mobile networks — to the tune of $1 billion. First reported by CNBC, the lawsuit portrays Qualcomm as an extortionist over basic smartphone technology and accuses the San Diego-based chip company of withholding payments to Apple in "retaliation" for cooperating with investigators. Apple's move is related to another legal action from earlier this week, when the FTC filed an antitrust lawsuit against Qualcomm, alleging it was using its patents to strong-arm competitors into paying exorbitant patent royalties, even for devices that don't use Qualcomm-made components. SEE ALSO: The anti-trust lawsuit that could shape the future of smartphones Apple was prominently named in the FTC lawsuit, which also alleges Qualcomm pressured Apple in specific ways to guarantee it would use its modem tech exclusively for a five-year period, from 2011 to 2016. The agreement essentially shut out every other manufacturer of baseband processors from the world's most popular smartphone, which the lawsuit says unfairly hampered competitors' development. (With the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple began producing some iPhones with Intel modems.) Apple casts Qualcomm as a lazy company that no longer innovates because its business is built around "older, legacy technologies" In Apple's statement about its own lawsuit, the company says Qualcomm has been charging royalties "for technologies they have nothing to do with." Apple casts Qualcomm as a lazy company that no longer innovates because its business is built around "older, legacy technologies" and that it collects many royalties "for no reason" — essentially accusing the chipmaker of being a patent troll. Apple specifically accuses Qualcomm of withholding "nearly $1 billion" in payments in an act of corporate revenge against Apple, since it cooperated with "law enforcement agencies" tasked with investigating the chipmaker. Those investigations are what likely led to the FTC lawsuit. Apple also gave some detail on just how large Qualcomm's royalties are. According to the company's statement, the royalties Qualcomm collects on the iPhone are five times those of the device's other "cellular patent licensors" combined.  Apple’s lawsuit offers a rare glimpse into the behind-the-scenes dealmaking around intellectual property that goes into building the world’s most popular tech products. While lawsuits over designs and patents happen occasionally, the world’s most valuable company going after one of its own partners, especially one as important to the iPhone as Qualcomm, was something few could have predicted. The lawsuit will certainly have reverberations in the wireless industry for years to come, and could lead to big changes in the cellular modem market as 5G technology — the successor to 4G LTE — takes hold. In 2016, Qualcomm held a whopping 65 percent of the market for mobile baseband modems (and 50 percent of the revenue), figures that could tumble as these lawsuits proceed and competitors pounce. In addition, considering Apple has already begun to use competing modems in the iPhone 7, the incendiary tone of Apple’s statement implies Apple will show Qualcomm the door for the iPhone 8, expected to be unveiled in the fall. Qualcomm responded to Apple's lawsuit late on Friday, with the company's executive vice president and general counsel, Don Rosenberg, calling the accusations "baseless." He also said Qualcomm was eager to have the case go to court since it would involve "full discovery" of Apple's practices, which comes across as a thinly veiled counter-threat. Apple's full statement, sent to Mashable, is below, followed by Qualcomm's, then Apple's full legal filing: For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations.  Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts. Qualcomm's statement: While we are still in the process of reviewing the complaint in detail, it is quite clear that Apple’s claims are baseless. Apple has intentionally mischaracterized our agreements and negotiations, as well as the enormity and value of the technology we have invented, contributed and shared with all mobile device makers through our licensing program. Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm’s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information. We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple’s practices and a robust examination of the merits. Updated at 8:40 p.m. ET  on 1/20/17 with Qualcomm's statement. BONUS: Watch what happens when an iPhone 7 is drowned in toothpaste Topics: Apple, iPhone, lawsuit, Mobile, qualcomm, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 3:46 P.M. ET Updated Trump and the bulls look to rip a hole in oil prices 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Apple downgraded on expectations stock and sales will struggle through 2017 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at record highs New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Software The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion By Tripp Mickle Published: Jan 20, 2017 3:55 p.m. ET Share Apple suit claims Qualcomm sought ‘onerous’ terms in chip deal Reuters By TrippMickle Apple Inc. is suing Qualcomm Inc., alleging the smartphone-chip supplier demanded onerous terms for its technology and that it sought to punish Apple for cooperating in a Korean regulatory probe into Qualcomm’s licensing practices. The suit, which Apple AAPL, -0.09%  said it filed Friday in federal district court in the Southern District of California, claims that Qualcomm QCOM, +0.22%  leveraged its position as a manufacturer of a critical chip used in cellphones to seek “onerous, unreasonable and costly” terms for patents and blocked Apple’s ability to choose another supplier for chipsets. Will augmented reality or virtual reality win?(3:11) Augmented and virtual reality are growing into multi-billion-dollar businesses that will transform how users shop, work and communicate. Intel, HTC, Lenovo and Alphabet showed their latest innovations at CES in Las Vegas. The complaint seeks $1 billion in rebate payments that Apple says Qualcomm has withheld as retribution for Apple’s participation in an investigation by South Korea’s antitrust regulator. The Korean agency last month announced a roughly $853 million fine on Qualcomm for alleged anticompetitive patent licensing practices—a decision Qualcomm also vowed to fight. According to the Apple complaint, Qualcomm’s terms required Apple to pay a percentage of the average selling price of an iPhone to use Qualcomm patents and to exclusively use Qualcomm chips in iPhones from at least 2011 to 2016. Apple received what it called quarterly rebates from Qualcomm under terms of the agreement, but Qualcomm began withholding those last year after Apple met with Korean regulators, the suit says. The suit says that Qualcomm told Apple the iPhone maker had forfeited the nearly $1 billion in rebates by responding to the Korea Fair Trade Commission. The suit also says that Qualcomm “then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm’s release of those payments.” An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Also popular on WSJ.com: Trump Inaugural Address: ‘It’s going to be America first’ Will Trump’s ‘deliberate chaos’ style work in Washington? More from MarketWatch Dow makes a run at elusive 20,000 amid earnings fusillade President Trump's Inaugural First Dance First Lady Fashion in the Melania Trump Era Quote References AAPL -0.11 -0.09% QCOM +0.12 +0.22% Most Popular How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Volume 22.0M Open $119.55 High $120.10 Low $119.50 P/E Ratio 14.51 Div Yield 1.9 Market Cap 631.4B Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $55.00 +0.12 (+0.22%) Volume 40.7M Open $55.02 High $55.77 Low $54.70 P/E Ratio 14.38 Div Yield 3.87 Market Cap 81.1B LatestNews
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Prynt, the fun instant printer for the iPhone that brings Live Photos to life Trending in Apple Comment: Apple isn’t price-gouging Brits – its post-Brexit app pricing is correct Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? January 20 AAPL: 120.00 0.22 Apple suing iPhone modem supplier Qualcomm for $1 billion following FTC monopoly complaint Zac Hall - Jan. 20th 2017 12:53 pm PT @apollozac Apple Qualcomm View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit CNBC reports that Apple is suing chip supplier Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion over patent royalties: Apple is suing Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion, saying Qualcomm has been “charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with.” […] Apple says that Qualcomm has taken “radical steps,” including “withholding nearly $1 billion in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them.” The latest development follows an FTC complaint alleging Qualcomm engaged in monopolistic practices to prevent Apple from sourcing key components from its competitors. The new report adds that Apple alleges Qualcomm withheld $1 billion in retaliation for working with South Korean authorities where Qualcomm was recently found to be engaging in anti-competitive behavior. Apple relied on Qualcomm modems in iPhones and iPads up until the iPhone 7 which added Intel as a supplier in certain models. Apple is now accusing Qualcomm of charging it “at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined.” CNBC has this statement from Apple on the lawsuit: “For many years Qualcomm has unfairly insisted on charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with. The more Apple innovates with unique features such as TouchID, advanced displays, and cameras, to name just a few, the more money Qualcomm collects for no reason and the more expensive it becomes for Apple to fund these innovations. Qualcomm built its business on older, legacy, standards but reinforces its dominance through exclusionary tactics and excessive royalties. Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined. To protect this business scheme Qualcomm has taken increasingly radical steps, most recently withholding nearly $1B in payments from Apple as retaliation for responding truthfully to law enforcement agencies investigating them. Apple believes deeply in innovation and we have always been willing to pay fair and reasonable rates for patents we use. We are extremely disappointed in the way Qualcomm is conducting its business with us and unfortunately after years of disagreement over what constitutes a fair and reasonable royalty we have no choice left but to turn to the courts.” Guides Apple View THe Guide Qualcomm View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Ad Agencies Are Busing Staffers to Women's Rights March in D.C. By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 AT&T's Online-TV Service Ends Streak of Losses From Cord-Cutting 2 hours ago Array 0 The Dallas Cowboys Are Considering Buying an E-Sports Team By George Slefo - 2 hours ago Array 0 Coca-Cola, Chase, Walmart and Other Big Brands That Are Bankrolling Trump's Inauguration By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 Boycott This: Why Tuning Out the Inauguration Is a Futile Gesture By Anthony Crupi - 3 hours ago Array 0 Ad Agencies Are Busing Staffers to Women's Rights March in D.C. By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago 0 Why Tuning Out the Trump Inauguration Is a Futile Gesture By Anthony Crupi - 3 hours ago 0 The Dallas Cowboys Are Considering Buying an E-Sports Team By George Slefo - 2 hours ago 0 Super Bowl or Trump Bowl? By Jeanine Poggi - 8 hours ago 0 Women's Marches This Weekend Get Ad Campaign From McGarryBowen, Intel's Teresa Herd By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago 0 5 Awesome, Illegal Uses for Alexa By Shelly Palmer - 2 days ago 0 Hyundai Will Shoot Its Super Bowl Ad During the Game By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Fox Rejects Super Bowl Ad That Depicts a Giant Border Wall By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 Chipotle Hires Venables Bell and MullenLowe Mediahub By Jessica Wohl and Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 See the Spot: Adidas' Past Creates Its Future By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Ad Agencies Are Busing Staffers to Women's Rights March in D.C. By Lindsay Stein. Published on January 20, 2017. The T-shirt that JWT staffers plan to wear at the women's rights march in Washington, D.C., on Saturday. Credit: JWT Most Popular A number of advertising agencies are supporting and organizing efforts around the global marches for women's rights on Saturday, including several that are paying for transportation down to Washington, D.C. The grassroots event, which started as the Women's March on Washington, has vastly expanded, with more than 600 marches expected to take place worldwide one day after Donald Trump's inauguration as president of the United States, according to the Women's March website. Marches are scheduled in cities across all 50 states and dozens of countries including Mexico, Canada, India, Iraq, Spain, Japan and the U.K. Interpublic Group shop Huge is busing 50 staffers, men and women, to D.C. from New York on Friday ahead of the march, while also covering expenses for meals, Metro transportation and poster-making materials. Most of the team plans to sleep at Huge's D.C. office, but a few will bunk with colleagues in the city. Related Stories Women's Marches This Weekend Get Ad Campaign From McGarryBowen, Intel's Teresa Herd Boycott This: Why Tuning Out the Inauguration Is a Futile Gesture As soon as Huge saw interest among staffers in New York to go to D.C. for the march, CMO Patricia Korth-McDonnell said the shop started thinking of ways to support them. When the numbers continued to swell, Huge decided to cover all transportation, food and lodging at the office, especially because Airbnb prices have been surging and all hotels are sold out. "We definitely support people getting engaged in the community and we are an organization that celebrates activism and we are also really proud of the diversity of our team and of our gender mix across the board, including technology, design and leadership," she added. Similarly, WPP's JWT New York is busing about 50 employees, nearly half of them men, to D.C. on Friday evening. The staffers plan to wear specially created matching T-shirts that say, "Keep It Coming #ShatterSomeGlass." (All T-shirts were printed in extra-large sizes so the team can wear them over their coats in January D.C. weather.) Leslie Ali, executive creative director at JWT, has been organizing the agency's marching efforts "out of personal passion, as well as from just knowing from colleagues that there's so many things people want to express and going to the march feels like doing something." "The agency just wants to see us go down there and support the things we love," she added. Among other agencies also participating, Publicis New York CEO Carla Serrano is taking two buses of employees to the march on Sautrday. Badger & Winters is organizing march groups Saturday in New York and Washington under the banner of its #womennotobjects campaign. And Work & Co is sending two buses to D.C. from New York. New York City-based Chandelier Creative is sending four employees from different departments -- writing, social media, film and design -- to participate in the D.C. march and represent the agency's values. The team also plans to talk with people from all over the country during the march and share their stories and concerns. Laundry Service has a number of people going to marches in various cities and is allowing them to take over the agency's social channels throughout the event, said Jason Stein, CEO and founder of the agency. The shop is also posting in social media a video about empowering women that it created and it's handing out "Future Is Female" T-shirts to staff, clients and friends, as it did on Women's Equality Day last August. "Our support is not a statement about our political beliefs," Mr. Stein said. "It is a reflection of our continued commitment to gender quality, women's rights and empowerment of female leadership." While Iris Worldwide has nothing formally planned around the marches, the agency provided all staffers with information about them and gave them the option to take off on Friday afternoon to travel to D.C. A poster that Huge staffers made to bring to the women's rights march in Washington. Credit: Huge Marie Davidheiser, the agency's New York managing director, also sent a note to employees that said: "Participating in politics is our civic duty; it's one of the ways we can continue to have a voice, protect our diversity and individual rights." A team from TBWA's Backlash offering, which provides all 12,000 employees with daily cultural news and insights from around the globe via internal videos and Instagram, will attend the march in D.C. to capture footage for its next agency-wide post. Agency executives said staffers hadn't asked about attending the presidential inauguration. In this article: Agencies Politics Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 3:46 P.M. ET Updated Trump and the bulls look to rip a hole in oil prices 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Apple downgraded on expectations stock and sales will struggle through 2017 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at record highs New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Personal Finance Are you ready if the Trump rally fades? How to know how much risk you can stand By Alessandra Malito Published: Jan 21, 2017 11:33 a.m. ET Share The market will inevitably go up and down, but are you ready for the latter? AFP/Getty Images The market will go up, but are you prepared for when it also goes down? By AlessandraMalito Reporter The end of the contentious presidential election between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton led to a rallying stock market. Will the market continue to cheer on the political neophyte Trump, or will it make an ugly turn? One thing history has shown is that occasionally the stock market faces a downturn, and it likely will again. That’s why experts suggest assessing how much risk there is in your retirement portfolio (usually equities will be the riskiest) and determining how much money you’re willing to expose to the market’s vicissitudes. “We as investors are trying to achieve some sort of balance that allows us to sleep at night,” said Curt Weil, a semi-retired financial planner in Palo Alto, Calif. who does mostly pro-bono work now. Stock indexes reached all-new highs after the presidential election, and a few times the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.57% which is up 7.97% since Election Day, almost broke the psychological barrier of 20,000, which would have been a new milestone. And some experts expect stocks to rise this year. See: The biggest risk to your investment portfolio? Not Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump There are two ways to look at risk: the individual’s ability to take risk, such as the funds available to invest, and his or her willingness to do so, said Ed Robinson, co-founder of New York-based robo-adviser Stash. Will augmented reality or virtual reality win?(3:11) Augmented and virtual reality are growing into multi-billion-dollar businesses that will transform how users shop, work and communicate. Intel, HTC, Lenovo and Alphabet showed their latest innovations at CES in Las Vegas. But sometimes a person’s gut instinct isn’t aligned with what might be best for him. Millennials are a great example of this, and Wakeman said he often sees this younger generation not taking enough “risks” with their investments, in this case the amount of their portfolios exposed to the potential ups and downs of the market. Millennials are not always big financial risk takers — possibly because their closest reference to a downturn was the 2007 financial crisis — even though experts say they should be since they have time on their side. For example, millennials held twice as much cash as baby boomers did, according to a survey from the wealth management arm of Swiss-based financial services company UBS. Don’t miss: My dad talked me out of the decade’s best investment, but he wasn’t wrong Here’s what you can do about the risk in your retirement portfolio: Know how much the professionals think you should be risking To know how much risk you should be taking, consider the purpose of the investments, experts said. Doing so can provide balance between what risk you feel comfortable taking and what risk you need to meet those goals. “If you have a low emotional tolerance to risk and a high financial tolerance, you might not hit your goals,” Wakeman said. On the other hand, it might be a bad idea for investors to be too aggressive with their investments if they have little disposable cash to fund those accounts, or the goals are short-term. One way to determine your asset allocation is to subtract your age from 100 and invest that percentage in bonds, but Henry K. Hebeler, a retired Boeing Company executive who now does retirement planning, wrote in a column he subtracts the age by 105. With people living a lot longer these days, a portfolio shouldn’t cease to have risk once someone becomes of retirement age, Weil said. In order to keep money coming in to meet your still long-term goals, equities will need to be a part of the equation. See also: 10 questions to help measure the risk in your portfolio Find the right balance, for you To keep emotions in check, determine beforehand how much you’re comfortable losing and see how much your portfolio is currently at risk to lose, usually by viewing a breakdown of your investments, Wakeman said. Understanding what’s inside your portfolio is fundamental to ensuring you’re properly invested in risk, though more than 40% of Americans don’t know how their accounts are allocated. It’s important to know your own personality. If you won’t be able to sleep at night if the market is down, a lot of exposure to the market probably isn’t right for you. To combat strong fears, consider the benefits of the risk allocation you’ve chosen, such as the upswing you might see when the market comes back, Wakeman said. Have a plan, and when things get bad, look at it Often times, people feel a lot differently when they’re sitting down assessing how much they’re comfortable risking than when they’re actually seeing their accounts in the red on the day of a downturn — this is why advisers sometimes refrain from risk tolerance questionnaires, which ask clients how they feel about what they can lose. Once you have a plan in place for your retirement assets, and how much risk you can handle, advisers suggest taking that plan out on bad market days to avoid any unnecessary actions, such as selling it all away. “The easiest way to stay on track is to remember you have a plan you’re executing,” said Brian Ullman, an adviser with Fresno, Calif.-based financial advisory firm Ford Financial Group. You’re not day trading your 401(k) or individual retirement account, he said. More from MarketWatch Trump inauguration set to unleash cascade of stock-market anxiety Have no money to invest? Here are 5 easy ways to save The 3 investing questions retirees need to ask Quote References DJIA +112.86 +0.57% Most Popular How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 4.06% 15 yr fixed 3.2% 10 yr fixed 3.14% 30 yr fixed refi 4.09% 15 yr fixed refi 3.25% 5/1 ARM 3.31% 5/1 ARM refi 3.43% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.59% $50K HELOC 4.65% $75K HELOC 4.65% $100K HELOC 4.36% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.56% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.09% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.22% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.28% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.27% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.18% 48 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.22% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.39% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.67% 14.61% 14.38% Airline 15.40% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.48% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.57% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.03% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali MarketWatch Partner Center Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,912.71 +112.86 (+0.57%) Volume 369.6M Open 19,795 High 19,949 Low 19,787 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 Reviews Gigabyte Aero 14 review Gigabyte Aero 14 review By Kevin Lee Laptops and netbooks  The gaming Ultrabook we've always wanted Shares 1. Introduction, design and features 2. Performance and verdict Great Value Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict The Gigabyte Aero 14 is neither the lightest nor the thinnest gaming laptop around, but it’s the most affordable machine in its class. For Lightweight and thin design Competitively priced 190-degree display hinge Against Battery life isn’t as long as promised Loaded with bloatware Gigabyte is no stranger to thin gaming laptops, but the Taiwan-based electronics firm has outdone itself with the ultra-slim Aero 14. Measuring in at only 0.78-inches (1.99mm) thick and weighing 4.17 pounds (1.89kg), this 14-inch gaming laptop could almost be considered an ultra-portable. Gigabyte promises to deliver the affordable, ultra-thin gaming laptop of your dreams with a 3K screen, Intel’s latest quad-core Kaby Lake processors, Nvidia’s GTX 1060 graphics chip and a massive battery. However, that massive battery doesn’t amount to massive longevity, and its killer price is subsidized by plenty of bloatware. Still, the Aero 14 proves to be an incredible value. Spec sheet CPU: 2.8GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ (quad-core, 6MB cache, up to 3.8GHz) Graphics: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 (6GB GDDR5 RAM), Intel HD Graphics 630 RAM: 16GB DDR4 (2,400MHz) Screen: 14-inch QHD (2,560 x 1,440) anti-glare IPS Storage: 512 GB M.2 SATA PCIe Gen3 Ports: 3 x USB 3.0, 1 x USB 3.1 Type-C, mini DisplayPort, HDMI 2.0, SD card reader, headset jack Connectivity: 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2 Camera: HD webcam Weight: 4.17 pounds (1.89kg) Size: 13.19 x 9.84 x 0.78 inches (33.5 x 25 x 1.99cm; W x D x H)   Pricing and availability The Gigabyte Aero 14 comes well – and only – configured for $1,699 (£1,799, AU$1,999), and compared to its peers, you’ll be saving quite a bit. An equally-well-equipped Alienware 13 R3 and its spectacular OLED screen runs for a noticeably higher $2,099 (£1,949, AU$2,899). Meanwhile, the Razer Blade will cost you most at $2,299 (£2,249, AU$2,999) for the same level of hardware inside. Design Gigabyte laptops have always looked so minimalistic to a fault that the Aero 14 is straight up stylish. Rather than just a little flourish of orange, this 14-inch gaming laptop comes with a fully orange lid option – then there’s also a lime green version. But, for those that want to keep a lower profile, there’s still the traditional option of going with the black paint job and orange stripe. Colors aside, the top cover also features a small triangular area filled in with a tasteful crosshatched pattern – not unlike carbon fiber – for an extra flourish.  The interior of the notebook is also quite a departure for Gigabyte, as the keyboard features a new and larger island style. This time, the keys are noticeably bigger with more spacing between each key. As you can see with the five macro keys included on the left-hand side, the keyboard quite literally stretches from one end of the machine to the other. Beyond the physical size of the keyboard, the key switches feel bouncy and offer firm resistance while typing. Just below that, you'll find a generously sized and silky smooth trackpad. Unfortunately, the Elan software driving this pointing device left us with fewer multi-touch gestures than we’ve become accustomed to with a Microsoft Precision Touchpad.  Laid back The Aero 14’s biggest claim to fame is that – for all of the hardware inside – it’s actually pretty light. Weighing only 4.17 pounds (1.89kg), it’s certainly less back-straining than the 5.8 pound Alienware 13 R3. However, the 4.16-pound (1.88kg) Razer Blade and 3.96-pound MSI GS63VR Stealth Pro outpace the Aero 14 as lightweight champs. Measuring only 0.78 inches thick, the Aero 14 is also an awfully thin machine in its class. Unfortunately, this is also another area where the Razer Blade and MSI GS63VR top it with even shorter chassis measuring 0.70- and 0.69-inches, respectively. One area where the Aero 14 has no equals is how far the screen bends back. Forget about the humdrum 180-degree hinge, the 14-inch display can tilt back as far as 190-degrees, thanks to the laptop extended rear base. It’s a luxury we don’t see on 90% of notebooks, and we appreciate having the freedom to angle the screen really far back when we’re laying back on a couch or in bed. Media monster Aside from offering all the articulation we would want, the Aero 14’s screen is top notch. The display panel is so brilliant that 50% screen brightness is enough to overpower sunlight streaming into our office. Colors pop off the screen, which of course help to make media and games look that much better. Likewise, rich blacks dissolve into the bezels, though, darker contrast levels fall off quickly and end up blending together more than we’ve seen on the Razer Blade’s IGZO display or the Alienware 13’s OLED monitor. Considering that the Aero 14 is only equipped with an IPS display, we’re impressed it keeps up with its two closest rivals at all. Unfortunately, the 14-inch notebook’s speakers don’t leave as nearly as big an impression. They’re serviceable enough for playing music and game audio when you don’t feel like putting on a headset. Otherwise, bring along your gaming headset.  1 2 Current page: Introduction, design and features Next Page Performance and verdict ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kevin Lee Kevin has been a writer for the better part of five years covering everything from green energy to high octane cars, videogames and tech, biohacking, and even city politics. At TechRadar he's settled into a life as the Computing Editor while also covering cameras and shooting video. He can be often found in the lab testing a half dozen laptops at a time or deciding which camera bags to carry for the day. Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Here’s why the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries caught fire and exploded 2 8 things you need to delete from your Facebook page right now 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 Best Kodi/XBMC streaming boxes 2017 5 Best phone 2017: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 Here’s why the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries caught fire and exploded 2 8 things you need to delete from your Facebook page right now 3 Twitter apologizes for making you follow the new US President 4 The first ever truly upgradable laptop has a card up its sleeve 5 Huawei Mate 9, the best phone you need in 2017 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 3:46 P.M. ET Updated Trump and the bulls look to rip a hole in oil prices 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Apple downgraded on expectations stock and sales will struggle through 2017 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at record highs New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Personal Finance Are you ready if the Trump rally fades? How to know how much risk you can stand By Alessandra Malito Published: Jan 21, 2017 11:33 a.m. ET Share The market will inevitably go up and down, but are you ready for the latter? AFP/Getty Images The market will go up, but are you prepared for when it also goes down? By AlessandraMalito Reporter The end of the contentious presidential election between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton led to a rallying stock market. Will the market continue to cheer on the political neophyte Trump, or will it make an ugly turn? One thing history has shown is that occasionally the stock market faces a downturn, and it likely will again. That’s why experts suggest assessing how much risk there is in your retirement portfolio (usually equities will be the riskiest) and determining how much money you’re willing to expose to the market’s vicissitudes. “We as investors are trying to achieve some sort of balance that allows us to sleep at night,” said Curt Weil, a semi-retired financial planner in Palo Alto, Calif. who does mostly pro-bono work now. Stock indexes reached all-new highs after the presidential election, and a few times the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.57% which is up 7.97% since Election Day, almost broke the psychological barrier of 20,000, which would have been a new milestone. And some experts expect stocks to rise this year. See: The biggest risk to your investment portfolio? Not Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump There are two ways to look at risk: the individual’s ability to take risk, such as the funds available to invest, and his or her willingness to do so, said Ed Robinson, co-founder of New York-based robo-adviser Stash. Will augmented reality or virtual reality win?(3:11) Augmented and virtual reality are growing into multi-billion-dollar businesses that will transform how users shop, work and communicate. Intel, HTC, Lenovo and Alphabet showed their latest innovations at CES in Las Vegas. But sometimes a person’s gut instinct isn’t aligned with what might be best for him. Millennials are a great example of this, and Wakeman said he often sees this younger generation not taking enough “risks” with their investments, in this case the amount of their portfolios exposed to the potential ups and downs of the market. Millennials are not always big financial risk takers — possibly because their closest reference to a downturn was the 2007 financial crisis — even though experts say they should be since they have time on their side. For example, millennials held twice as much cash as baby boomers did, according to a survey from the wealth management arm of Swiss-based financial services company UBS. Don’t miss: My dad talked me out of the decade’s best investment, but he wasn’t wrong Here’s what you can do about the risk in your retirement portfolio: Know how much the professionals think you should be risking To know how much risk you should be taking, consider the purpose of the investments, experts said. Doing so can provide balance between what risk you feel comfortable taking and what risk you need to meet those goals. “If you have a low emotional tolerance to risk and a high financial tolerance, you might not hit your goals,” Wakeman said. On the other hand, it might be a bad idea for investors to be too aggressive with their investments if they have little disposable cash to fund those accounts, or the goals are short-term. One way to determine your asset allocation is to subtract your age from 100 and invest that percentage in bonds, but Henry K. Hebeler, a retired Boeing Company executive who now does retirement planning, wrote in a column he subtracts the age by 105. With people living a lot longer these days, a portfolio shouldn’t cease to have risk once someone becomes of retirement age, Weil said. In order to keep money coming in to meet your still long-term goals, equities will need to be a part of the equation. See also: 10 questions to help measure the risk in your portfolio Find the right balance, for you To keep emotions in check, determine beforehand how much you’re comfortable losing and see how much your portfolio is currently at risk to lose, usually by viewing a breakdown of your investments, Wakeman said. Understanding what’s inside your portfolio is fundamental to ensuring you’re properly invested in risk, though more than 40% of Americans don’t know how their accounts are allocated. It’s important to know your own personality. If you won’t be able to sleep at night if the market is down, a lot of exposure to the market probably isn’t right for you. To combat strong fears, consider the benefits of the risk allocation you’ve chosen, such as the upswing you might see when the market comes back, Wakeman said. Have a plan, and when things get bad, look at it Often times, people feel a lot differently when they’re sitting down assessing how much they’re comfortable risking than when they’re actually seeing their accounts in the red on the day of a downturn — this is why advisers sometimes refrain from risk tolerance questionnaires, which ask clients how they feel about what they can lose. Once you have a plan in place for your retirement assets, and how much risk you can handle, advisers suggest taking that plan out on bad market days to avoid any unnecessary actions, such as selling it all away. “The easiest way to stay on track is to remember you have a plan you’re executing,” said Brian Ullman, an adviser with Fresno, Calif.-based financial advisory firm Ford Financial Group. You’re not day trading your 401(k) or individual retirement account, he said. More from MarketWatch Trump inauguration set to unleash cascade of stock-market anxiety Have no money to invest? Here are 5 easy ways to save The 3 investing questions retirees need to ask Quote References DJIA +112.86 +0.57% Most Popular The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like The ‘housing culture war’ reignites over $42 a month Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 4.06% 15 yr fixed 3.2% 10 yr fixed 3.14% 30 yr fixed refi 4.09% 15 yr fixed refi 3.25% 5/1 ARM 3.31% 5/1 ARM refi 3.43% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.59% $50K HELOC 4.65% $75K HELOC 4.65% $100K HELOC 4.36% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.56% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.09% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.22% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.28% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.27% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.18% 48 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.22% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.39% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.67% 14.61% 14.38% Airline 15.40% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.48% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.57% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.03% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali MarketWatch Partner Center Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,912.71 +112.86 (+0.57%) Volume 373.3M Open 19,795 High 19,949 Low 19,787 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Gilead Sciences Can't Catch a Break DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Cashmere Yarn and This $180,000 Machine Are All You Need to Make a Sweater Add this 3D printer to the list of gadgets you'd want to have at home if you were a multimillionaire with cash to burn. Rhonda Schaffler Jan 20, 2017 2:16 PM EST Add this 3D printer to the list of gadgets you'd want to have at home if you were a multimillionaire with cash to burn. Intel (INTC) is powering a system that allows retailers to 3D print a customized sweater in roughly 45 minutes. While consumers may love the idea of walking into a store and leaving with an item of clothing that has been specially designed for them, the machine also creates an opportunity for retailers to cut down on inventory. But Intel's Director of Mobility and Secure Payments Michelle Tinsley says don't expect your local shop to have one of these machines anytime soon. The Shima Seiki printer will set you back $180,000. If you liked this article you might like Dow Scores Triple-Digit Gain; S&P 500 and Nasdaq Post New Records The Dow Jones Industrial Average's rocks triple-digit gains on Tuesday for the first time in three weeks, settling within 100 points of its 20,000 milestone. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 24, 2017 4:06 PM EST Dow's Solid Gains Put Index Within Range of 20,000; S&P and Nasdaq Hit Fresh Highs The Dow Jones Industrial Average's gains on Tuesday put the index within range of the 20,000 milestone Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 24, 2017 2:52 PM EST Intermediate Trade: Intel The trade I'm suggesting is risky because it relies on Intel hitting $38 by mid-March. Skip Raschke Jan 24, 2017 9:00 AM EST Apple's $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Qualcomm Must Be Music to Intel's Ears Apple is already partly relying on Intel for its iPhone modem needs. The company's lawsuit against its other modem supplier could pave the way for a deeper Intel partnership. Eric Jhonsa Jan 23, 2017 11:40 AM EST Trending 9 Travel Destinations With a Great Exchange Rate for U.S. Travelers In 2017 Here's Why the S&P 500 Hasn't Dropped More than 1% in 70 Trading Days Drugmakers Plan Huge Deals in 2017 -- and Banks Will Collect Big Fees Jim Cramer Previews Earnings From AT&T Activist Pushes for Banc of California Sale as SEC Begins Probe Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 78° Scattered Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Campaign raises nearly 50,000 pounds of food Posted: January 24, 2017 - 2:00 am PUHI — Wes Perreira, warehouse supervisor for the Hawaii Foodbank, Kauai Branch was glad the food came palletized and shrink-wrapped Monday. Comments (0) Students at Waimea Canyon become living art installation Posted: January 24, 2017 - 1:45 am WAIMEA — Over 300 students at Waimea Canyon Middle School huddled under the sun on their hands and knees, listening to director Daniel Dancer for the next cue. Comments (0) Recent Strong winds knock out power; about 2,500 Kauai customers without electricity over weekend, Monday Rotarians rise up to help students: Poipu Beach Club awards scholarships totaling $11,000 Navy League offers scholarships Arrest log for Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2017 Fuel expected to be expensive this year Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Waimea takes 4 top spots; last regatta before the KIF championships Posted: January 24, 2017 - 1:00 am WAILUA — Kauai High School varsity girls paddling team lost its opening run on the Wailua River to the Kapaa varsity girls Saturday at the final Kauai Interscholastic Federation regatta before the KIF championships. Comments (0) Green wins dual format meet; next match Saturday at 10 a.m. at Kauai High Posted: January 24, 2017 - 1:00 am Team Red got off to a good start, opening with a win over Team Green on Saturday during the dual format wrestling matches at the Clem Gomes Gym in Waimea. Comments (0) Recent Keep's game-high 21 leads Kauai High to KIF title against Kapaa KIF records smashed by Machorek, Safford Rall, Schmick combine for 20 in win over Waimea Menehune stay atop standings Home stand starts with a bang in 2 straight Hawaii thrillers Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Courting longevity in our Eden Posted: January 23, 2017 - 12:05 am There are some standout moments in our lives that bring the finite aspect of our human condition into full focus. A zoom-in like this can make each one of us who experiences such a moment fully aware of how fleeting life may be and, therefore, “how (very) sweet it is.” If it’s not the first time for such realization, it’s a strong reoccurrence. Comments (0) Marynel Valenzuela is all about fashionable printing Posted: January 22, 2017 - 1:15 am arynel Valenzuela, president of Ink Spot Printing, juggled between thoughts of the Kauai Filipino Chamber of Commerce Recognition of 2017 Awardees and Installation of Board Members, customer orders, and results of a printer that is being considered for expanding the array of printers at the Lihue print shop. Comments (0) Recent Mi-soon will go to hell and back to have her kids again Words create change Vitamins for kids remain uncertain Colonel Meng's Palmyra Copra Enterprise Listen to some of Kauai’s young generation Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Send in Judy Collins Posted: January 20, 2017 - 1:15 am LIHUE — For Judy Collins, it’s Kauai’s unparalleled beauty that keeps her coming back to the Garden Isle. Comments (0) Kalaheo Cafe, Coffee Company must for breakfast lovers Posted: January 20, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — There aren’t many reasons to wake up at the crack of dawn on a Saturday, but breakfast at Kalaheo Cafe and Coffee Company is definitely a reason to get out of bed on your day off. Comments (0) Recent Science Olympiad Pokemon is all the rage right now TGIFr!day for January 20, 2017 Island Calendar for Friday, Jan. 20, 2017 Kauai Community Players opens its 2017 season on Friday Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Bio Box: The life of drug kingpin Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next HOGP El Chapo is hauled off to US jail that has held terrorists In this photo provided U.S. law enforcement, authorities escort Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, center, from a plane to a waiting caravan of SUVs at Long Island MacArthur Airport on Thursday, Jan. 19, 2017, in Ronkonkoma, N.Y. The infamous drug kingpin who twice escaped from maximum-security prisons in Mexico was extradited at the request of the U.S. to face drug trafficking and other charges, and landed in New York late Thursday, a federal law enforcement official said. (U.S. law enforcement via AP) Posted: Friday, January 20, 2017 9:00 am Bio Box: The life of drug kingpin Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman Associated Press | 0 comments Federal prosecutors have charged the infamous Mexican cartel leader Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman in a U.S. court with running a massive drug trafficking operation. Here's a brief history of the man Mexican officials extradited to the United States two decades after he was first indicted in an American court: ___ Full name: Joaquin Archivaldo Guzman Lorea. Nicknames: "El Chapo," which is Spanish slang for "Shorty." Age: Believed to be in his late 50s. Birthplace: La Tuna, Sinaloa. Early years: Guzman has said he started selling drugs at age 15 to survive. Drug empire: American and Mexican officials say Guzman took over the Sinaloa cartel in the 1980s, controlling heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine trafficking. Intel: Prosecutors say Guzman sometimes carried a gold-plated AK-47 rifle and a gold-and-diamond-encrusted .45 mm handgun. First arrest and escape: Guzman was arrested in Guatemal in 1993 and sentenced to 20 years for drug offenses and murder, but he escaped from prison in 2001. Second arrest and escape: Guzman was captured by Mexican special forces in 2014 and sent to a Mexican maximum-security prison. He escaped in July 2015 via a milelong underground tunnel leading to a shower in his cell. Media: While on the lam after his second prison break, Guzman conducted an interview with actor Sean Penn for Rolling Stone magazine. Extradition: Guzman was recaptured after a gunfight with Mexican marines in January 2016. Despite his lawyers' efforts to fight extradition, he was taken to New York by the Drug Enforcement Administration on Thursday night. Charges against him: A 17-count indictment filed in a New York court last May charges Guzman with running a multibillion-dollar drug trafficking operation. He faces the possibility of life in prison. U.S. prosecutors had to agree to not seek the death penalty as a condition of his extradition. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News Trump signs orders advancing Keystone, Dakota pipelines Trump signs orders advancing Keystone, Dakota pipelines Trump signs orders advancing Keystone, Dakota pipelines ARTICLE: Trump signs orders advancing Keystone, Dakota pipelines All 6 dead in helicopter crash in central Italy More about Drug-related Crime ARTICLE: Philippines apologizes to South Korea over Korean's killing ARTICLE: Police: Burglary suspect left keys, cellphone at the scene ARTICLE: Mexico captures son of Sinaloa drug cartel boss 'El Azul' Prosecutors release video of shooting by police in Utah ARTICLE: Prosecutors release video of shooting by police in Utah More about Prison Breaks El Chapo's new home: a jail that held mobsters, terrorists El Chapo's new home: a jail that held mobsters, terrorists ARTICLE: El Chapo is hauled off to US jail that has held terrorists El Chapo is hauled off to US jail that has held terrorists El Chapo is hauled off to US jail that has held terrorists Discuss Print   Posted in National on Friday, January 20, 2017 9:00 am. | Tags: General News, Drug-related Crime, Prison Breaks, Crime, Smuggling, Correctional Systems, Law And Order, Organized Crime | Location Tags: United States, Mexico, North America, Central America, Latin America And Caribbean Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Body found in waters off Na Pali Coast Dislike Facebook owner files lawsuits involving 100 for land on property Media man James ‘JK’ Kennedy dies KPD officer is charged with negligent homicide All Kauai residents voice concerns, optimisms with ferry system (32) Facebook owner says legal action needed to be sure kuleana land owners receive payment (20) Dairy submits final EIS (16) 3 ironwood trees poisoned, dying by Lae Nani condominiums (15) State considering plan to build a $500K crossing for Hanakapiai Stream (14) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Dell XPS 13 Notebook Series review: Dell's golden ultraportable hasn't lost its luster By: Joshua Goldman Reviewed: January 19, 2017 Dell XPS 13: Still drop-dead gorgeous by Dan Ackerman 1:33 Close Drag 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 $1,599.99 MSRP: $1,599.99 Dell XPS 13 (late 2016, touchscreen) (Part #: DNCWT5122HV2) Dell, Inc. $1,599.99 See it See all prices Compare These Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Apple MacBook 2016 HP EliteBook Folio G1 CNET Editors' Rating Be the first to review! The Good The Dell XPS 13 keeps everything that was great about the previous model -- including its near edge-to-edge-display and fantastic keyboard -- and adds the latest Intel Kaby Lake processors and Thunderbolt 3. The Bad The design means the webcam is awkwardly placed at the bottom of the display. Though the QHD-resolution touchscreen is beautiful, it adds a lot to the price and hurts battery life. Gold version will cost you $50 more. The Bottom Line Whether you scale back for better battery life or load it up for the best performance possible, the Dell XPS 13 remains one excellent ultraportable laptop. 8.3 Overall Design 9.0 Features 8.0 Performance 8.0 Battery 7.0 Review Sections Review Prices User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Computers Laptops Dell XPS 13 Notebook Series When Dell updated the XPS 13 in 2015, it stood out for its barely there screen bezel -- the frame around the display. Its 13-inch screen nearly filled the entire laptop lid, giving you more room to work, but in a smaller body just about the size of an 11.6-inch model. And although other laptop makers like Lenovo have since adopted this near edge-to-edge screen design, the XPS 13 remains a favorite for the rest of the package. The current version includes the latest Intel seventh-generation processors (Kaby Lake) and a Thunderbolt 3 port. With the help of a dock or adapter, you can run a single cable from the XPS 13 to handle power, Ethernet, audio and video. View full gallery The Dell XPS 13 stays gold. Sarah Tew/CNET Available in silver or, for an additional $5o, gold, the XPS 13's pricing starts at $800 in the US, AU$1,900 in Australia and £1,000 in the UK. At those prices you get a nice 1,920x1,080-pixel resolution display with a matte finish (if you hate glare, this one's for you). The downsides are that it's not a touchscreen and you can't max out the laptop on memory or storage. If you're looking for the full premium portable experience, you'll want to pay extra for the gorgeous quad HD 3,200x1,800-pixel-resolution touchscreen. Though there are people who don't see the value of a touchscreen on a laptop, I'm not one of them, especially on a system this small. The laptop is perfect for working in tight spaces, but too often I've found myself on a bus, train or plane unable to comfortably use a touchpad. With a touchscreen that's no problem since I can quickly scroll, tap and swipe my way around. Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 13 (touch, late 2016) Dell XPS 13 (late 2016) Price as reviewed $1,900 (AU$3,000, £1,500) $1,150 (AU$2,000, £1,100) Display size/resolution 13.3-inch 3,200x1,800 touchscreen 13.3-inch 1,920x1,080 PC CPU 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-7500U 2.5GHz Intel Core i5-7200U PC memory 16GB DDR3 SDRAM 1,866MHz 8GB DDR3 SDRAM 1,866MHz Graphics 128MB dedicated Intel HD Graphics 620 128MB dedicated Intel HD Graphics 620 Storage 512GB SSD 256GB SSD Networking 802.11ac Bluetooth 4.1 802.11ac Bluetooth 4.1 Operating system Windows 10 Home (64-bit) Windows 10 Home (64-bit) As for the higher resolution, it's not a necessity, but Dell doesn't offer a full HD touchscreen for this model. It is a nice, bright display that makes everything you do look sharper with better detail. The biggest downside here, outside of the increased price and reflections, is that this display really hurts battery life. With the touchscreen, the XPS 13 was able to last for just about 8 hours in our tests. Get the full HD display instead, though, and you're able to get more than 10.5 hours of run time. If you were hoping for big performance gains by waiting for Intel's seventh-generation Core i-series processors, well, you're going to be disappointed. The overall performance differences between the last XPS 13 we reviewed running sixth-gen processors (Skylake) and these new Kaby Lake versions are minimal. Continue to next page 01 02 Best laptops of 2017 See All Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Starting at: $1,649.00 4.5 stars Apple's Touch Bar -- a thin screen that replaces the function keys on the new MacBrook... Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Starting at: $2,308.70 4.5 stars This professional version of Lenovo's Yoga hybrid is expensive, but packs in plenty of... Apple MacBook 2016 Starting at: $999.99 4 stars The 12-inch MacBook gets a better battery and faster performance, but it's still a one-port-wonder. HP EliteBook Folio G1 Starting at: $778.99 4 stars This 12.5-inch 4K laptop feels like a Windows version of the 12-inch MacBook. Joshua Goldman twitter googleplus Joshua Goldman is a senior editor for CNET Reviews, covering cameras, camcorders, and related accessories. He has been writing about and reviewing consumer technology and software since 2000. See full bio This week on CNET News This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Samsung said to plan April launch for Galaxy S8 Why Samsung is sticking with the Galaxy Note 8   Discuss: Dell XPS 13 (late 2016, touchscreen) Conversation powered by Livefyre CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español 'Dear Angelica': A VR film that steps inside a painter's brain At Sundance, Oculus Story Studio is one of several creative teams probing the limits of storytelling in virtual reality. Digital Media by Joan E. Solsman January 20, 2017 8:00 AM PST @joan_e Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers "Dear Angelica" was made using Quill, a program for virtual reality that lets artists paint strokes in the air around them. Oculus Story Studio At an early point in "Dear Angelica," you switch from watching an animated movie to living inside it. It feels a little like stepping into a dream, except it isn't one sprung from your own mind, but that of an artist leading you into hers. The virtual reality experience, which visualizes the memories of a fictional daughter about her departed actress mother through an evolving series of painted memories, premieres Friday at the Sundance Film Festival. It's the latest work by Oculus Story Studio, the in-house creative team at Facebook's virtual-reality headset maker, Oculus. Related stories Sundance and tech: Like a trip into 'Black Mirror' This is what it was like to be at Intel's all-VR press conference Samsung VR puts you in the middle of a '24' firefight The group is one of several here in Park City, Utah, focused on testing the creative limits of virtual reality, one of the buzziest technologies of the last couple years. The immersive format has existed for decades, but recent big investments by the likes of Facebook, Google and HTC have spurred an explosion in sophisticated technology available to consumers and creators alike. Content makers like Oculus Story Studio are trying to figure out how to translate skills from filmmaking, animation, theater and other traditional art forms to a medium that upends many of their conventions. Initially, Oculus Story Studio embarked on the project to figure out how would it feel to be inside an illustration, Saschka Unseld, creative director at Oculus Story Studio and the writer/director of "Dear Angelica," said in an interview. "Normally you're seeing an illustrator's vision through a window," a flat, rectangular reproduction of the image inside her head, he said. With VR like his studio's project, "suddenly you're inside the artist's mind." 71 Every geek movie we're excited about in 2017 At first, the studio tried porting flat illustrations by Wesley Allsbrook, art director of "Dear Angelica" and the short film's illustrator, into VR software. But they found the effect always fell short. So the company developed an illustration tool called Quill, which essentially lets an artist paint brushstrokes in the thin air of virtual reality while wearing a headset. Quill is now available publicly for anyone to play with using an Oculus Rift headset with the system's Touch hand controllers. The public version is similar to Tilt Brush, a popular VR painting program made by Google. But unlike Tilt Brush, the public version of Quill will add an element that made "Dear Angelica" possible: The ability to paint not only in space but also in time. The company plans to release a version this year that allows for timed replay and editing of the creator's brushstrokes, which theoretically means anyone can make VR animations on their own. In "Dear Angelica," the effect is feeling like worlds are swirling to life around you, brushstroke by brushstroke, while they're fading into different visions at the same time. In making the experience, Oculus Story Studio discovered a new narrative flow for VR. What's the next test for Oculus Story Studio? Interactivity. Story Studio's unannounced fourth project takes advantage of Quill to marry comic-book-style art and storytelling with its first experiments letting the viewer have some control in the telling of the tale. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. You can read them here. Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Take a look here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Digital Media Virtual Reality Apps Virtual Reality Related Stories Peter Dinklage is afraid of his iPhone Hackers hit Sundance film fest, shutting down box office Obamacare's last gasp: Get Twitch gamers on board Amazon greenlights series based on 'Good Omens' Close   Discuss: 'Dear Angelica': A VR film that steps inside... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers What Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 battery fire means for future phones CNET's Jessica Dolcourt explains what went wrong with the batteries in the Note 7 and what to expect from future phones like the rumored Galaxy S8. by Lexy Savvides 2:12 Sprint buys one-third of Tidal, Samsung will keep the Note brand Today in tech headlines, Sprint buys a third of Tidal, Google makes its first update to its Voice service in a while and Samsung is moving forward with the Note brand. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
T3 The Gadget Website Search News Reviews Mobile Entertainment Wearables More Living Auto Magazine More Tech in depth Best deals iPhone 7 PlayStation 4 Pro MacBook Pro Amazon Echo Dot Daydream View Get fit News MacBook 2: everything we think we know MacBook 2: everything we think we know By David Nield   Apple's super-thin laptop is due a refresh Shares Apple's more powerful MacBook Pros may have stolen the limelight in recent months, but let's not forget the slimmer, sleeker Apple MacBook, relaunched as a redesigned, improved laptop model in March 2015 and followed by some pretty positive reviews. Two years is a long time in computing which has got us wondering what Apple might be planning for its less expensive notebook line in the near future. Can it go thinner and lighter still? Or will Apple beef up the processing performance? Here's what we know. The MacBook story so far There have already been two Steve Jobs movies but Hollywood could do something with the story of the MacBook too, there have been so many twists and turns in it. We don't have space to cover everything that's happened to Apple's iconic laptop since it first appeared in 2006, but there are a few key points to note while we wonder what might be next. Before we got a new MacBook in March 2015, it looked like the MacBook Air and the MacBook Pro had made the standard version pretty much redundant, but Apple had other plans. The unibody polycarbonate MacBook that preceded the most recent model was on sale from 2009 to 2012, and came with a 13.3-inch, 1,280 x 800 pixel display, 2GB+ of RAM, and a 2.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor. There was also a slot-loading DVD drive and a mechanical 250GB hard drive. The very latest MacBook is of course a world away from the one that went before it. Three years is a long time in computing, and the new model comes with a 12-inch, Retina (2,304 x 1,440 pixel) screen, an Intel Core M processor, 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB in SSD space. Perhaps most importantly, it's just 13.1mm thick. MacBook 2: launch date Apple hasn't yet confirmed the existence of a version 2 of the latest-gen MacBook, but it seems likely to be on the cards. The segment of the market previously filled by the MacBook Air - a cheaper, lighter, less powerful option to the MacBook Pro - is now once again taken by the MacBook, so it wouldn't make much sense to revive the Air again (which hasn't been significantly updated since 2013). Apple has been regularly arranging events in March these days for devices that aren't the iPhone, so March 2017 might be a good bet for the MacBook 2 - it would be just about two years since the original revamp. The MacBook 1 got a minor refresh in April 2016, which again points to another update around the same time in 2017. Intel's new Kaby Lake CPUs are hitting the market (and rumoured to be coming to the MacBook Pro), and their extra-performance-on-less-power specs would go down well on a refreshed line of MacBooks. That said, Apple has been in no rush to update its MacBook Pros. There's no guarantee we'll see the MacBook 2 in 2017 - but we'd say it's probable. MacBook 2: rumoured features There's not all that much you can add to a laptop these days - unless you count the Touch Bar positioned atop the keyboard on some of the new MacBook Pros. Apple seems pretty committed to the new feature and we think they'll probably come to the next MacBooks too. We've already mentioned Intel's new Kaby Lake processors - as usual, more performance for less battery drain - and they seem a cert for the next MacBook update, even if the rest of the specs are largely unchanged. The main selling point of the MacBook is its thinness and lightness, so these are likely to be the specs Apple focuses on when it unveils the MacBook 2. Expect something even thinner (that headphone jack could go) and lighter, with battery life that beats even the 10 hour estimate that Apple gives for the current model. Analysts have predicted a bump to 16GB of RAM rather than 8GB, though the 12-inch Retina display is likely to remain the same - remember that battery life. Apple might have a surprise up its sleeves but we'd expect no drastic changes to the MacBook formula: just faster, lighter models. MacBook 2: what we want to see With the 11-inch MacBook Air now officially discontinued and the 13-inch version likely to follow it in the near future, we'd like to see price drops across the MacBook line to give customers the option of a (relatively) cheap Apple laptop. A second MacBook 2 with a 13-inch screen would be very welcome too - just to see those webpages and movies just a little bit better - and some tipsters have suggested this is exactly what Apple's planning. We'd like to see the Touch Bar make its way to the MacBook 2, and we're also partial to a touchscreen laptop as well, though whether Apple agrees is another matter. We'd love to be able to doodle on the MacBook screen with the Apple Pencil, just like an iPad. Apart from that, we of course would love to see a machine that's faster, lighter, and with better battery life - it doesn't have to reach MacBook Pro levels of speed and power, as long as it goes a long, long time between charges. Whatever happens to the laptop line, we shouldn't have long to wait to see what Apple has in store for the MacBook 2. Liked this? Read up on Apple's latest MacBook Pro laptops Tags MacBook Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Bluetooth 5 - just what will it bring to the party? 2 Samsung reveals why its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone caught fire and exploded 3 11 best smartphones 2017: our pick of the very best phones 4 10 best laptops for 2017 that you can buy right now 5 Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything you need to know about Samsung's latest flagship 1 Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 2 Bluetooth 5 - just what will it bring to the party? 3 Samsung reveals why its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone caught fire and exploded 4 Have Nokia’s Snapdragon 835 smartphone and hefty iPad Pro like tablet just leaked? 5 The best backpack or laptop bag to protect your precious tech T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy TechRadar © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Davos Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Fitch Affirms ASML at 'BBB+': Outlook Stable Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology | Fri Jan 20, 2017 | 12:08pm EST Fitch Affirms ASML at 'BBB+': Outlook Stable (The following statement was released by the rating agency) LONDON, January 20 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned Dutch technology company ASML Holding N.V.'s (ASML) Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 'BBB+' with Stable Outlook. It has also assigned a final rating of 'BBB+' to the group's EUR750m senior notes due in 2027. A full list of rating actions is at the end of this commentary. The ratings reflect ASML's market-leading position and technological expertise in the manufacturing of equipment for the semiconductor market. A single product and segment focus weaken the company's operating risk profile, but this is effectively managed through maintaining a flexible business model, R&D focus and a conservative financial policy. The company's investment in leading-edge EUV technology and holistic lithography is coming to fruition. The technology is likely to strengthen ASML's market position and lay down the foundations for long-term growth. The final rating for the senior notes follows a successful issue and receipt of final documentation. Fitch is also revising the liquidity definition that the agency applies to ASML's rating sensitivities. The revision effectively allows preparations for the refinancing of upcoming debt maturities to be made two years ahead of maturity compared with three years previously. The revision reflects an improvement in the company's operating profile as a result of the evolution of the business and market. KEY RATING DRIVERS Strong Market Position: ASML's ratings are supported by a strong market position and technological leadership in the supply of lithography systems. This is reflected in a revenue market share of around 80%. The company sustains its position through R&D and working closely with its key customers on product evolution, roadmap and delivery. ASML manages its cyclical and technological exposure by maintaining a scalable business model and by maintaining sufficient resources to continue R&D through periods of economic downturn. Product and Customer Concentration: ASML's focus on one cyclically exposed, technology-driven product segment, with high R&D costs, supplied to few large semiconductor manufacturers raises the company's operating risk and is a constraint on the ratings. This is partially offset by the company's revenue mix, improving stability from end-customer consolidation and customer shareholding. Investments for the Future: ASML invested EUR2.75bn in 2016 by acquiring 100% of HMI and intends to invest EUR1bn for a 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT in 2017. Both investments are aimed at bolstering R&D capabilities and are intended to lay the medium- to long-term foundations for future product developments. ASML has funded the investments predominantly with debt and with some use of equity and existing cash resources. Fitch expects ASML's funds from operations (FFO)-adjusted net leverage will increase to between 0.0x to 0.2x by end-2017 from a positive net cash position of (0.2x) at end-2016. The increase remains comfortably within ASML's 'BBB+' rating. Commensurate Increase in Debt: Fitch views ASML's use of the balance sheet to strengthen the company's operating profile as credit-supportive compared with other options such as increased share buybacks. We also believe the increase in gross debt is being undertaken at an appropriate time in the evolution of the business and in a manner that preserves cash reserves for liquidity. ASML has maintained gross debt at around EUR1.1bn for the past three years, which has now increased to EUR3.3bn as a result of the recent acquisitions. The increase in debt comes after a period of gradual and sustainable improvement in the company's operating and credit risk profiles. Sustained Improvements in Operating Profile: ASML's operating and credit profiles have improved over the past two to three years, in our opinion. This reflects the fruition of EUV technology following years of investment in R&D, a near 90% market share of high-end lithography machines, and increased collaboration with key customers such as Intel, TSMC and Samsung. It also takes into account increasing diversification of end-customer applications, expansion in holistic lithography, a growing proportion of revenues from service and field option sales and semi-conductor industry consolidation that is likely to lead to greater stability in overall industry capacity planning. Conservative Financial Policy: At end-4Q16 ASML had a net cash position with EUR4.1bn of cash and short-term investments and EUR3.1bn of long-term debt. We expect ASML to maintain a cash liquidity buffer of between EUR2bn and EUR2.5bn. The company has a strong cash- generative capability with a pre-dividend free cash flow (FCF) margin of 12% to 15%. ASML's dividend pay-out ratio is likely to remain between 45% and 60% of pre-dividend FCF despite strong dividend growth. This enables the company to retain sufficient capacity and flexibility to manage its leverage profile. Key Industry Sector: ASML's prospects are intrinsically linked to that of the semiconductor industry. Cyclicality will continue to be a feature, but the medium- to long-term trend is likely to be robust given that semiconductors are central to almost all electronic equipment and devices and their innovation. Growth for ASML will be driven by an increase in electronic equipment and device sales, increase in lithography intensity for greater semiconductor shrink, and a growing proportion of silicon content in electronic devices. DERIVATION SUMMARY ASML has one of the strongest cash-generative capabilities in the technology sector, which is supported by an 80% market share in its niche segment. The company's technology supports and drives the development of a much larger semiconductor manufacturing sector. Barriers to entry are driven by know-how, technology expertise, capital investment requirements and customer partnerships. The ability to manage a leveraged balance sheet is constrained by cyclical exposure and customer and product concentration risks. KEY ASSUMPTIONS Fitch's key assumptions within our rating case for the issuer include: - Revenue growth of 13% in 2017, driven by growth in field option and services, net equipment sales and full consolidation of HMI. - R&D expenditure around EUR1.3bn in 2017. - EBITDA margin of 29% in 2017, expanding to 31% by 2019. - Capital expenditure of 5% to 5.5% of sales between 2017 and 2019. - Dividend increases of 10% per year from 2017 to 2019. - Share buybacks of EUR400m in 2017 and EUR500m in 2018. RATING SENSITIVITIES Future Developments That May, Individually or Collectively, Lead to Negative Rating Action - Operating margins materially below 10%-15% in downturns and below 25%-30% at the peak of up-cycles. However, Fitch recognises that operating losses may be incurred during extreme cyclical contractions. - Liquidity (defined as gross cash plus undrawn, committed revolving credit facility (RCF) beyond two years less any debt maturities occurring within two years) consistently below EUR1.5bn. The company's public commitment is to a strong cash balance. - Major loss of market share. Revenue market share is currently estimated at around 75%-80% (up from 65% in 2009). A decline to 55%, albeit still strong, would signal a rapid shift in market position and one that would probably reflect a sustained negative trend. - Mid-cycle FFO adjusted gross leverage remaining above 2.0x (equivalent to 1.0x FFO adjusted net leverage) on a sustained basis. Positive rating action is unlikely in the near term. The unique nature of ASML's business, including the cyclicality in its customers' end- markets, technology migrations that drive the need for high R&D investment and the company's limited diversification, are a constraint on the ratings. LIQUIDITY ASML maintains a strong cash position, which covers all debt maturities for at least the next five years. The company targets a minimum cash buffer of EUR2bn to EUR2.5bn. As of end-2016, ASML had a cash position of EUR2.91bn and short-term investments of EUR1.15bn and an undrawn RCF of EUR700m maturing in 2021. FULL LIST OF RATING ACTIONS ASML Holding N.V. -- Long-term IDR: affirmed at 'BBB+'; Outlook Stable -- Senior unsecured notes: affirmed at 'BBB+' -- EUR750m senior notes due 2027: assigned final rating of 'BBB+' Contact: Principal Analyst Joe Howes Analyst +44 20 3530 1382 Supervisory Analyst Tajesh Tailor Director +44 20 3530 1726 Fitch Ratings Limited 30 North Colonnade London E14 5GN Committee Chairperson Damien Chew, CFA Senior Director +44 20 3530 1424 Media Relations: Peter Fitzpatrick, London, Tel: +44 20 3530 1103, Email: peter.fitzpatrick@fitchratings.com. Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com. For regulatory purposes in various jurisdictions, the supervisory analyst named above is deemed to be the primary analyst for this issuer; the principal analyst is deemed to be the secondary Applicable Criteria Criteria for Rating Non-Financial Corporates (pub. 27 Sep 2016) here Recovery Ratings and Notching Criteria for Non-Financial Corporate Issuers (pub. 21 Nov 2016) here Additional Disclosures Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form here _id=1017836 Solicitation Status here Endorsement Policy here ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: here. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE. Copyright © 2017 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed. The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers. For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 Next In Technology SOFTS-Arabica coffee falls from 2-mth high, raw sugar retreats * Arabica coffee climbs to two-month high (New throughout with updated prices, comments; adds byline, NEW YORK dateline) GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks, dollar rise; investors eye earnings * Oil prices rise as OPEC output cuts drain stocks (Updates to afternoon U.S. trading, adds settled oil prices) Spy-cam ring boxes and blinking tiaras at Japan jewelry expo TOKYO, Jan 24 Blinking zirconium tiaras, engagement ring boxes equipped with spy-cams and diamond-dusted hourglasses were some of the most eye-catching items showcased among more than a thousand jewelry booths at Japan's biggest jewelry exposition on Tuesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the Day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The 