Skip to main content CRN Home Page   The Channel Company Menu Home News Companies Company News CRN CLOSEUPS AT&T AlienVault Commvault Connectwise Juniper Networks Ruckus Wireless Tintri Slideshows Video Blogs Reviews CRN 360 Authentication Cloud Backup & Recovery Cloud Services Cloud Software Cloud Vars Current Threats Cyber Security Endpoint Security Enterprise Opportunities Network Security SD-WAN SMB & Midmarket Opportunities Threat Management Wireless for SMBs How-to Research Lists Events Learning Centers Dell EMC World Special Issue 100 People You Should Know Showcase Cloud Partner Program Guide Showcase Future of Mobility Solutions Cylance Security Learning Center Easy Connect Managed Hybrid Server Center Digital Innovation Together Cloud Security Learning Center Data Fabric Learning Center Security Delivery Platform Learning Center IOT SOLUTION PROVIDER Webroot Learning Center Business Compute Forum StorageCraft Recover-ability Women of the Channel Jobs Technologies Apps & OS Application Development Business Intelligence and Analytics Collaboration and Communications Database and System Software Enterprise Applications Open Source Operating systems SMB Applications Software as a Service Channel Distribution Enterprise Opportunities Mergers and Acquisitions Professional Services SMB/Midmarket Opportunities Vertical Opportunities Cloud Cloud Channel Programs Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Platforms Cloud Security Cloud Software Cloud Storage Cloud VARs Components & Peripherals CPUs/GPUs Digital Signage/Monitors Hard Drives Motherboards Printers White Box Data Center Network/Systems Management Power/Heating and Cooling Servers Internet of Things Managed Services Mobility Desktop/Clients Notebooks Smart phones Tablets Ultrabooks Wearables Networking Routers and Switches Telecom VOIP and Unified Communications Video Wireless Security Access Control Application and Platform Security Current Threats Data Breaches Data Protection Technologies Network Security Threat Management Storage Data Protection/Disaster Recovery Networked Storage Storage Services Storage software Virtualization Head-To-Head: Google Pixel XL Vs. Apple iPhone 7 Plus          * 7 Lessons On Emerging Technology Investments From Ashton Kutcher          * Intel Dives Into Artificial Intelligence With New Nervana Platform, Product Roadmap          * 5 Companies That Had A Rough Week          * CRN Exclusive: NetApp CEO Kurian On The Cloud, Hyper-Converged Infrastructure, And A Very Successful Fiscal Quarter          * 10 Best-Selling Network Security Brands In Q3 2016          * 5 Companies That Came To Win This Week          * 16 Massive M&A Deals Reshaping The Channel: October 2016          * Tweet Intel Dives Into Artificial Intelligence With New Nervana Platform, Product Roadmap byLindsey O'Donnell on November 17, 2016, 6:35 pm EST Printer-friendly version Email this CRN article Intel has made its official foray into artificial intelligence, on Thursday launching the Nervana platform, which includes comprehensive solutions and a roadmap of future products. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a blog post that the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company is making major investments in artificial intelligence through using data analytics, machine learning and deep learning to develop machine intelligence applications. "Intel is committed to AI and is making major investments across technology, training, resources and R&D to advance AI for business and society," he said. "We have a commitment to our partners, the industry as a whole and our global society to accelerate AI development, deliver end-to-end solutions, and lead the next generation of computing transformations." [Related: Google And Intel Strengthen Ties To Drive Enterprise Cloud Adoption] As part of its platform, the company revealed a product roadmap, including the first silicon optimized for neural networks to deliver high performance for deep learning, as well as compute density at a high-bandwidth interconnect. This silicon, codenamed "Lake Crest," will be tested in the first half of 2017, and will be available to customers later in the year. Intel also introduced a new product, codenamed "Knights Crest," which will tightly integrate its Intel Xeon processors with technology from Nervana Systems. "As a partner, I always like to see Intel involved in emerging markets because I know they will always include their channel as part of the overall strategic plan," said Kent Tibbils, vice president of marketing at ASI, a Fremont, Calif.-based Intel system builder. "Whether it’s creating the market, helping to develop standards, or manufacturing the technologies, resellers benefit far more when Intel is leading." The company has been actively building its AI platform via acquisitions. It has bought machine learning specialist Saffron, embedded computer vision company Movidius and Nervana Systems, which helps companies accelerate training time as part of the AI development cycle. "The goal of these acquisitions and investments is to make AI pervasive and accessible. Our goal is to compress the innovation cycle from conception to the deployment of increasingly intelligent, robust and collaborative machines," said Krzanich in a release. "Intel offers crucial technologies to drive the AI revolution, but we must work together as an industry – and as a society – to achieve the ultimate potential of AI." Intel has always played a role in AI through its Intel Xeon processors and Intel Xeon Phi processors to more workload-optimized accelerators like FPGAs (field-programmable gate arrays) and the technology innovations acquired from Nervana. "Intel threw their formal AI strategy axe into the ocean which was very important given the general tech industry sees GPUs as the current driver of AI compute," said Patrick Moorhead, president and principal Analyst of Moor Insights & Strategy, a leading tech analyst firm based in Austin, Texas. "If Intel can execute on and deliver what they said they would do today, Intel will be a future player in AI.  "To be clear, Intel is part of almost every AI implementation today as you can't boot a GPU, but in leading-edge installations, GPUs are doing most of the heavy-lifting for deep neural net training." Intel said it expects the next generation of Intel Xeon Phi processors, codenamed “Knights Mill," which will deliver up to four times better performance than the previous generation for deep learning, will be available in 2017. The company also announced it is shipping a preliminary version of the next generation of Intel Xeon processors to select cloud service providers. Intel on Thursday also announced a partnership with Google to integrate their technologies for better better power container management, machine learning and Internet of Things (IoT) workloads. Printer-friendly version Email this CRN article Slide Shows CRN Exclusive: NetApp CEO Kurian On The Cloud, Hyper-Converged Infrastructure, And A Very Successful Fiscal Quarter NetApp CEO George Kurian said that NetApp is once again on the path to growth as its flash storage and cloud storage success finally outweighs the drop in its more mature technologies. 5 Companies That Had A Rough Week For the week ending Nov. 18, CRN looks at IT companies that were unfortunate, unsuccessful or just didn't make good decisions. EarthLink Channel Chief On Windstream Merger And Building An Ultra-Responsive Partner Program Olen Scott speaks with CRN to discuss EarthLink's channel focus, the opportunities for partners selling strategic services, and what the channel needs to know about EarthLink's pending merger with Windstream. More Slide Shows Search Videos View More Videos TODAY'S TOP STORIES Head-To-Head: Google Pixel XL Vs. Apple iPhone 7 Plus The 15 Biggest News Stories Of 2016 (So Far) Head-To-Head: Lenovo Yoga 900S Vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 25 Gadgets To Get Your Techie Dad This Father's Day 7 Lessons On Emerging Technology Investments From Ashton Kutcher Featured IN 2016 Tech Innovator Awards The 2016 Tech Innovator Awards honor vendors in 28 categories, with the winners and finalists chosen from among 230 applicants in areas ranging from cloud to security to networking to mobile. itbestofbreed.com The Channel Company Exclusive Research: Strategic Partnerships Help Solution Providers, Tech Vendors Drive More Sales Together SoftwareONE Strengthens Ties With AWS Blog Roundup: Goin' Mobile – And Lovin' It Partners Fear Sales Conflict After Dell EMC Cuts Quest From Channel Program M&A Deals That Reshaped The Channel: October 2016 8 RMM Tools For MSPs Billing Made Easier For AWS' Software Vendor Partners More MORE ABOUT CRN: Latest Issue | Subscribe | Newsletters | Contact | Reprints & Licensing | Media Kit | Site Map | Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 The Channel Company, All rights reserved
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18867.93 -0.19%   S&P 500 ▲ 2181.90 -0.24%   Nasdaq ▲ 5321.51 -0.23%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.357%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.58 0.35%   Euro ▲ 1.0591 -0.34%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In How Facebook Plans to Fight Fake News U.S. Moves to Block Chinese Takeover of German Tech Firm China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Behind ‘League of Legends,’ the Chinese Giant Plotting Global Domination Personal Technology Nintendo NES Classic Edition Review: The Best Gadget Gift Since 1985 Theranos, David Boies Cut Legal Ties South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Hyperloop One Settles Litigation With Co-Founder Tesla, SolarCity Merger Gets Shareholder Approval Salesforce Posts Rising Revenue, Lifts Outlook District Attorney’s Office Can’t Unlock 423 Apple Devices Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family What Will Happen to H-1B Skilled-Worker Visas Under Donald Trump? Intel Uses Acquired Chips to Drive Deep Learning AOL Will Lay Off Close to 500 Employees Intuit Sees Sales Rise on Increased Quickbook Subscribers Best Buy Gets Boost From Online Sales Personal Technology How to Win at Christmas Shopping: Don’t Just Trust Amazon Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Intel Uses Chips Acquired in Deal With Startup to Drive Deep Learning Chip maker to rely on technology developed by Nervana Systems, which it purchased earlier this year By Don Clark Don Clark The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDon Clark @donal888 www.facebook.com/DonClark Don.Clark@wsj.com Updated Nov. 18, 2016 12:45 a.m. ET SAN FRANCISCO—Intel Corp. to intensify its efforts in a hot new computing market, is taking the unusual step of relying on technology developed by a startup it acquired. The chip maker, determined to counter rival Nvidia Corp.’s lead in the field known as deep learning, said it would begin shipping chips in 2017 that it acquired through its purchase earlier this year of startup Nervana Systems. Intel said it plans to integrate... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Donald Trump and Mitt Romney Make Move to Reconcile 'Hamilton' Cast Delivers Message to Mike Pence 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains Opinion Journal: Gen. Flynn’s Russia Connection Pope Francis Warns Against Polarization Most Popular Articles Reckoning With ‘The Big One’ in California—and It Just Got Bigger In Their Coastal Citadels, Democrats Argue Over What Went Wrong Pentagon, Intelligence Chiefs Push to Oust NSA Director Parity in Sight for the Euro Opinion: Steve Bannon on Politics as War Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence Intel Offers Broad Portfolio Spanning Data Center to IoT Devices and Software to Make AI Foundational to Business and Society SAN FRANCISCO – WEBWIRE – Thursday, November 17, 2016 NEWS HIGHLIGHTS Intel announces AI strategy to drive breakthrough performance, democratize access and maximize societal benefits. Intel introduces industrys most comprehensive data center compute portfolio for AI: the new Intel® Nervana platform. Intel aims to deliver up to 100x reduction in the time to train a deep learning model over the next three years compared to GPU solutions. Intel reinforces commitment to an open AI ecosystem through an array of developer tools built for ease of use and cross-compatibility, laying the foundation for greater innovation. Intel Corporation today announced a range of new products, technologies and investments from the edge to the data center to help expand and accelerate the growth of artificial intelligence (AI). Intel sees AI transforming the way businesses operate and how people engage with the world. Intel is assembling the broadest set of technology options to drive AI capabilities in everything from smart factories and drones to sports, fraud detection and autonomous cars. At an industry gathering led by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Intel shared how both the promise and complexities of AI require an extensive set of leading technologies to choose from and an ecosystem that can scale beyond early adopters. As algorithms become complex and required data sets grow, Krzanich said Intel has the assets and know-how required to drive this computing transformation. In a blog Krzanich said: Intel is uniquely capable of enabling and accelerating the promise of AI. Intel is committed to AI and is making major investments in technology and developer resources to advance AI for business and society. Intels Robust AI Platform Intel announced plans to usher in the industrys most comprehensive portfolio for AI  the Intel® Nervana platform. Built for speed and ease of use, the Intel Nervana portfolio is the foundation for highly optimized AI solutions, enabling more data professionals to solve the worlds biggest challenges on industry standard technology. Today, Intel powers 97 percent of data center servers running AI workloads and offers the most flexible, yet performance-optimized, portfolio of solutions. This includes Intel® Xeon® processors and Intel® Xeon Phi processors to more workload-optimized accelerators, including FPGAs (field-programmable gate arrays) and the technology innovations acquired from Nervana. Press kit: Intel Artificial Intelligence: Unleashing the Next Wave Intel also provided details of where the breakthrough technology from Nervana will be integrated into the product roadmap. Intel will test first silicon (code-named Lake Crest) in the first half of 2017 and will make it available to key customers later in the year. In addition, Intel announced a new product (code-named Knights Crest) on the roadmap that tightly integrates best-in-class Intel Xeon processors with the technology from Nervana. Lake Crest is optimized specifically for neural networks to deliver the highest performance for deep learning and offers unprecedented compute density with a high-bandwidth interconnect. We expect the Intel Nervana platform to produce breakthrough performance and dramatic reductions in the time to train complex neural networks, said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group at Intel. Before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space. Bryant also announced that Intel expects the next generation of Intel Xeon Phi processors (code-named Knights Mill) will deliver up to 4x better performance1 than the previous generation for deep learning and will be available in 2017. In addition, Intel announced it is shipping a preliminary version of the next generation of Intel Xeon processors (code-named Skylake) to select cloud service providers. With AVX-512, an integrated acceleration advancement, these Intel Xeon processors will significantly boost the performance of inference for machine learning workloads. Additional capabilities and configurations will be available when the platform family launches in mid-2017 to meet the full breadth of customer segments and requirements. Enabling AI Everywhere and Cloud Alliance with Google* Aside from silicon, Intel highlighted other AI assets, including Intel Saffron Technology, a leading solution for customers looking for business insights. The Saffron Technology platform leverages memory-based reasoning techniques and transparent analysis of heterogeneous data. This technology is also particularly well-suited to small devices, making intelligent local analytics possible across IoT and helping advance state-of the-art collaborative AI. To simplify deployment everywhere, Intel also delivers common, intelligent APIs that extend across Intels distributed portfolio of processors from edge to cloud, as well as embedded technologies such as Intel® RealSense cameras and Movidius* vision processing units (VPUs). Intel and Google announced a strategic alliance to help enterprise IT deliver an open, flexible and secure multi-cloud infrastructure for their businesses. The collaboration includes technology integrations focused on Kubernetes* (containers), machine learning, security and IoT. To further AI research and strategy, Intel announced the formation of the Intel Nervana AI board, which will feature leading industry and academic thought leaders. Intel announced four founding members: Yoshua Bengio (University of Montreal), Bruno Olshausen (UC Berkeley), Jan Rabaey (UC Berkeley) and Ron Dror (Stanford University). Additionally, Intel is working to make AI truly accessible. To help accomplish this, Intel has introduced the Intel Nervana AI Academy for broad developer access to training and tools. Intel also introduced the Intel Nervana Graph Compiler to accelerate deep learning frameworks on Intel silicon. In conjunction with the AI Academy, Intel announced a partnership with global leading education provider Coursera* to provide a series of AI online courses to the academic community. Intel also launched a Kaggle Competition (coming in January) jointly with Mobile ODT* where the academic community can put their AI skills to the test to solve real-world socioeconomic problems, such as early detection for cervical cancer in developing countries through the use of AI for soft tissue imaging. Intel can offer crucial technologies to drive the AI revolution, but ultimately we must work together as an industry  and as a society  to achieve the ultimate potential of AI, said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. With the addition of the new edge and data center products, as well as the enablement programs, Intel has the full complement of technologies and ecosystem reach required to deliver the scale and promise of AI for everyone. AI for the Betterment of Society Lastly, Intel showcased some of the initiatives the company is investing in and partnering with to help maximize the positive impact of AI on the world. They include: Intel is committing $25 million to the Broad Institute* to drive high-performance computing for genomics analytics. Through a five-year collaboration, researchers and software engineers at the Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will build, optimize and widely share new tools and infrastructure that will help scientists integrate and process genomic data. The project aims to optimize best practices in hardware and software for genome analytics to make it possible to access and use research data sets that reside on private, public and hybrid clouds. Intel is a founding partner of Hack Harassment*, a cooperative effort with the mission of reducing the prevalence and severity of online harassment. The initiative is evaluating AI technology as a tool in this effort and is working to develop an intelligent algorithm to detect and deter online harassment. Over time, this capability will be released as an open source API that can be used in a variety of applications. Intel is also a key partner of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children* (NCMEC), a nonprofit whose mission is to help find missing children, reduce child sexual exploitation and prevent child victimization. Intel is providing AI technology and advising the center with the goal of accelerating the critical work of NCMECs analysts to respond to reports of child sexual exploitation. For more complete information about performance and benchmark results, visit www.intel.com/benchmarks. Intel, the Intel logo, Intel Xeon Phi, Xeon and Intel RealSense are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.   ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/206312/206312-1.png ) Related Links Source WebWireID206312 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Business Announcements Computer Networks Computer Software Electronic / Internet Commerce Internet Technology Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2016 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Is Data The New Oil? Related Content Topic :  Vulnerabilities and Patches  Weaknesses require a fix. Don't leave your system open to attack. Blog :  What Machine Learning Really Brings to the Enterprise Article :  Gain More Control of BYOD Apps with an Enterprise App Store Is Data the New Oil? Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 17 Nov, 2016          |         |     Share Intel CEO Brian Krzanich recently made the controversial statement that data is the new oil. The implication is that data is trending and gaining in power. However, I’d argue that data has always had the potential to be more powerful than oil and that what is changing isn’t its value but our ability to make use of it. Regardless of how you approach this argument, Intel is in a good position to benefit from this change, but likely needs to play an even bigger role to assure its survival, and ours. Let’s chat about that this week because I don’t think we talk about the downside of data enough to prevent it. Oil vs. Data: The Differences Oil is a limited resource; it forms the basis for a lot of the doom and gloom predictions for the future, either causing global warming and killing off the race or becoming scarce, resulting in a Mad Max kind of wasteland where owning it is the difference between life and death. It is made up of the organic material of the creatures that came thousands of years before us and we probably should have left it buried and considered other forms of energy from the start as it currently forms a rather impressive economic barrier between us and any cleaner, renewable, alternative because it is cheap. Oil has value even if it isn’t refined, but refining increases its energy yield and, potentially, reduces the environmental damage it does. We have always had more data than we could reasonably make use of and, alone, it is virtually worthless. It is only when it is refined through analysis that it becomes valuable. Then, depending on the outcome, it can become a great asset or a massive liability. On the asset side, it can be used as a tool to lengthen lives, increase happiness, and assure the proliferation of the race. On the liability side, it can be used to start wars, develop weapons of mass destruction, and perhaps eventually lead to the destruction of the planet. The recent U.S. election wasn’t decided on votes but on the data that the votes represent, and there remains a relatively high probability that some percentage of that data was false due largely to the poor security surrounding the voting process and state-level attacks. Data vs. Oil: The Similarities Neither data nor oil is inherently good or bad. They just are. Their evolution into something that does harm or good mostly has to do with what we do with them. As a lubricant or even the source of heat, as it existed before the industrial revolution, oil largely had no downside. It wasn’t until oil was shifted to mass use for industrial power and shortages started wars that it became more of a problem than an asset. Data initially was mostly used formally to track accounts and commerce. Yes, it was also used for intelligence, but largely so one army or firm could outperform another, and mostly focused on things that could be quantified because counting was easy. As with oil, whether it is used for harm or good has to do with what we do with it. For instance, the data on WMDs out of Iraq could have been used to prevent a war and the destabilization of the Middle East, but it was misused and it helped cause a war expensive in lives, money and influence. Of the two, data has been and will always be the more powerful because it is a greater force multiplier. Yes, refined oil powers most of the major weapons manufacturing and delivery systems in the world, but data tells us where to place them, and wars have always been won or lost more by placement than by quantity of weapons. In the recent U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton was massively better provisioned than Donald Trump, yet his better placement in the last 10 days resulted in an upset win, showcasing the power of data that I think most still don’t get. Sadly, we often focus more on the amount of data rather than the accuracy of it, and I still don’t think that bodes well for our future. Wrapping Up: Intel’s Role with Data Intel is the leading core technology company behind analysis, basically data refining; its products are at the heart of turning data into the information that has and will change the world. But like a weapons dealer, it currently doesn’t have much say over how the information is used. Data acquisition, bias, or pre- or post- data corruption are all things outside of Intel’s control at the moment. Yet these are the elements that will likely define whether we mostly benefit or are mostly harmed by this next industrial revolution. Andy Grove was a big believer in assuring a positive outcome and after he left Intel worked tirelessly to try to convince politicians to do the right thing. Sadly, and generally, he failed, but I wonder whether tech firms like Intel will take up his sword and shield to continue his battle. Krzanich may, as he has shown an interest in the bigger picture. Intel is at the heart of the artificial intelligence (AI) revolution; it could be instrumental in assuring that we survive and flourish as a result of it, rather than get squished by it. Let’s hope this firm, and its peers, take the right path. In the end, data isn’t the new oil. It has always been, and always will be, vastly more powerful. However, even more than oil, the quality of our lives may depend on what we do with it. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Howdy, Guest.    Become a subscriber ▶ Subscriber log in: Username or Email Password SemiAccurate On Target Technology News Search for: Hot Article Microsoft’s problems: Another data point Hot Article Microsoft has failed Forums About Us Terms of Service Subscribe Feed Intel outs lots of AI focused bits at AI day Hardware, software, directions, and integration Nov 17, 2016 by Charlie Demerjian Tweet Intel held their AI day today and SemiAccurate has a few details about their presentation. Since we weren’t at the show, we asked about the tech side of the presentations and got a few key bits. The big news is of course that Intel now sees themselves as an AI focused company, something we covered in detail a few days ago. The short version is that Intel has been in AI for a long time, the upcoming products are quite real and have true features useful for AI. The only difference is that Intel now talks about their prowess in the field, it isn’t a shallow PR ploy like at some companies. But what are they doing? One of the new announcements from supercomputing is that the CPU after Knights Landing is called Knights Hill and it is AI focused. While no one at Intel would say exactly what that means from an architecture and an ISA standpoint, we did manage to glean a few bits about the effort. They all point to native support for 16-bit instructions and data sizes with a strong possibility for direct 8-bit support too. AMD has 16-bit support in it;s new GPUs too so AI looks to be an industry-wide trend. More importantly Intel is finally starting to talk about their Nervana Systems acquisition and it’s hardware. Actually they are not talking about the hardware other than the code name Lake Crest, just that it is shipping in the first half of 2017. The real question for Intel is not the hardware itself or its immediate predecessors, those are just about fully baked now. What they need to know is what to do with it and how do they go about getting there. This isn’t an open-ended question nor is it rhetorical, Intel is about selling product and the Nervana chips are soon going to be an Intel product. Will they be a socketed chip on their own? A Xeon co-processor like Phi? An MCM like Omnipath adapters or Altera FPGAs? Do bear in mind that these are not just packaging decisions, they are key to, and based on how the product is used. Does the chip need high bandwidth, low latency, both or neither? That may be known at the moment but there is a second order problem here, AI software and algorithms. The most used software packages in the space are both brand new bleeding edge technology and likely to be outdated in a few months. Things are moving so fast that what is hot now is old hat after the next industry conference. Worse yet the algorithms of today could possibly be completely different in their needs from the hardware. Today’s theoretical high bandwidth, latency insensitive software package could be replaced by a low bandwidth, highly latency sensitive one next week, the space is moving that fast. Going back to Intel, they likely have an idea of how the Nervana hardware will initially be productized. How the customers use that hardware is an ever-changing world of cat herding and there might not be a single or even small number of answers to what these people want. This is where Intel is doing the smart thing, the Nervana hardware will in initially be sent to those who need it, the big AI players and researchers really, to get feedback. This feedback will be rolled into the product decisions of the near future to determine how the parts should be tied together for maximum usefulness. The iterations will continue until the field of AI settles down, if it ever does. Initially Lake Crest will be similar to the Skylake + Altera SKUs, IE tightly coupled on the same package with a Xeon. This combo will be called Knights Crest, and unfortunate and confusing name that ties it to the Phi/Larrabee family to which it shares nothing. An Intel hardware or market focused talk would not be the same without claims of performance increases, and this time will be no different. Knights Mill performance will be going up by a multiple, 4x to be precise, Knights Landing. More impressive is Intel’s claim that they will be improving AI performance on their products by 100x over the next several years. This is obviously from a combination of hardware and software but looking at Knights *, Nervana, and Altera products tightly integrated with Xeons,, it is a very plausible goal. Speaking of software, Intel looks to be following AMD’s lead in opening up the stack. Intel has always been the leader in open hardware specs, their documentation is the gold standard. This had directly lead to innovation on the software side on top of their hardware stack. Today Intel is said to be opening up more of the tools and software stack to achieve the same goals. If you look at the state of AI research, it is almost entirely Linux based for the basic reason of openness, you can’t do the low level development needed on closed hardware and software. Intel opening up more of the software stack is the right thing to do for the right reasons, it will boost AI development significantly. Since Intel is and AI focused company now, the impression I get is that they too get it.S|A The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Charlie Demerjian Roving engine of chaos and snide remarks at SemiAccurate Charlie Demerjian is the founder of Stone Arch Networking Services and SemiAccurate.com. SemiAccurate.com is a technology news site; addressing hardware design, software selection, customization, securing and maintenance, with over one million views per month. He is a technologist and analyst specializing in semiconductors, system and network architecture. As head writer of SemiAccurate.com, he regularly advises writers, analysts, and industry executives on technical matters and long lead industry trends. Charlie is also a council member with Gerson Lehman Group. FullyAccurate Latest posts by Charlie Demerjian (see all) Intel outs lots of AI focused bits at AI day - Nov 17, 2016 Qualcomm unveils the first 10nm phone SoC, Snapdragon 835 - Nov 17, 2016 Intel preferentially offers two customers Skylake Xeon CPUs - Nov 17, 2016 Intel outs a bunch of goodies for Supercomputing 16 - Nov 15, 2016 AMD up ROCm from Botlzmann to v1.3 - Nov 14, 2016 Share this: Email LinkedIn Reddit Twitter Google Tags: AI, AI day, Intel, Knights Crest, Knights Mill, Lake Crest, Nervana, Phi, SemiAccurate, software, Xeon Monthly Archives November 2016  (12) October 2016  (18) September 2016  (17) August 2016  (18) July 2016  (13) June 2016  (16) May 2016  (19) April 2016  (14) March 2016  (10) February 2016  (19) January 2016  (26) December 2015  (5) November 2015  (22) October 2015  (15) September 2015  (12) August 2015  (11) July 2015  (11) June 2015  (25) May 2015  (17) April 2015  (16) March 2015  (16) February 2015  (12) January 2015  (23) December 2014  (20) November 2014  (14) October 2014  (25) September 2014  (32) August 2014  (14) July 2014  (18) June 2014  (31) May 2014  (35) April 2014  (34) March 2014  (34) February 2014  (24) January 2014  (37) December 2013  (19) November 2013  (28) October 2013  (26) September 2013  (25) August 2013  (20) July 2013  (27) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (34) April 2013  (29) March 2013  (32) February 2013  (38) January 2013  (37) December 2012  (29) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (30) September 2012  (44) August 2012  (27) July 2012  (27) June 2012  (37) May 2012  (30) April 2012  (39) March 2012  (36) February 2012  (34) January 2012  (35) December 2011  (32) November 2011  (44) October 2011  (45) September 2011  (52) August 2011  (41) July 2011  (32) June 2011  (60) May 2011  (53) April 2011  (45) March 2011  (78) February 2011  (62) January 2011  (85) December 2010  (57) November 2010  (63) October 2010  (56) September 2010  (74) August 2010  (69) July 2010  (69) June 2010  (86) May 2010  (51) April 2010  (50) March 2010  (70) February 2010  (55) January 2010  (64) December 2009  (46) November 2009  (20) October 2009  (15) September 2009  (32) August 2009  (27) July 2009  (35) June 2009  (66) May 2009  (2) Category Archive Microprocessors Desktop Mobile Graphics Opinion Finance Software Memory Servers analysis Storage Networking Reviews Back in time ▶ Qualcomm unveils the first 10nm phone SoC, Snapdragon 835 Our Writers Charlie Demerjian is the founder of Stone Arch Networking Services and SemiAccurate.com. SemiAccurate.com is a technology news site; addressing hardware design, software selection, customization, securing and maintenance, with over one million views per month. He is a technologist and analyst specializing in semiconductors, system and network architecture. As head writer of SemiAccurate.com, he regularly advises writers, analysts, and industry executives on technical matters and long lead industry trends. Charlie is also a council member with Gerson Lehman Group. FullyAccurate Thomas Ryan is based in Seattle, Washington. Thomas first began to appreciate the wonders of the semiconductor industry while doing research on his previous favorite hobby, PC gaming. Having co- purchased his first computer at the ripe old age of 11, with $150 and the help of Craigslist he's been buying and building computers ever since. Thank you, Subscribers! Thank you to our Subscribers, past and present. You are appreciated. You are what keeps SemiAccurate going, what allows us to maintain our journalism, what keeps us ad-free, what allows us to tell it like it is, it is still just you. You, the reader and subscriber, we thank you. If you want to know more about subscriptions, both free and paid, the information can be found here. Tick Tock AMD 8.71    +0.25 INTC 34.95    -0.07 MSFT 60.35    -0.29 NVDA 93.36    +0.97 QCOM 67.31    +0.64 TSM 29.47    +0.00 IBM 160.39    +0.59 RHT 79.03    -0.79 ARMH N/A    +0.00 AAPL 110.06    +0.112016-11-18 16:00 Related Articles Intel talks a bit more about Omnipath ‘tech’ Intel outs a bunch of goodies for Supercomputing 16 What comes after Knights Landing? Intel talks about Scalable System Framework Intel launches Knights Landing Phi and other goodies Forums About Us Terms of Service Subscribe Feed SemiAccurate is a division of Stone Arch Networking Services, Inc. Copyright © 2016 Stone Arch Networking Services, Inc, all rights reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Artificial Intelligence News Intel chases A.I. with new chips, but still lacks a potent GPU A bunch of Intel deep-learning chips will be coming next year By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Nov 17, 2016 1:01 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this Intel's Knights Mill mega-chip to take on GPUs in A.I. Lack of a high-quality GPU may hold Intel back on A.I. and VR Intel snags Nervana for a crash course on deep learning Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel is taking a new direction in chip development as it looks to the future of artificial intelligence, with the company betting the technology will pervade applications and web services. Intel on Thursday said it is developing new chips that will handle A.I. workloads, which will increasingly be a part of its chip future. For now, the A.I. chips will be released as specialized primary chips or co-processors in computers and separate from the major product lines. But over time, Intel could adapt and integrate the A.I. features into its mainstream server, IoT, and perhaps even PC chips. The A.I. features could be useful in servers, drones, robots and autonomous cars. Intel is aggressively chasing these sectors as it tries to diversify outside the weakening PC market. A.I. computing is dominated by GPUs from Nvidia and custom chips from companies like Google. Intel's plan is to offer a wide range of alternate non-GPU chips for deep learning in a bid to accelerate its entry to A.I. Intel lost an opportunity in the mobile market because it was a late entrant, and it doesn't want to repeat that mistake in A.I. Intel lacks a potent GPU to chase A.I. but hopes the alternative chips will fill the gap. The company believes it does not need a GPU and doesn't want to put all its eggs in one basket, like Nvidia has.  Intel is developing a monster A.I. chip, code-named Knights Mill, that's targeted at deep learning, and it will be part of the Xeon Phi chip family. The company has shared few details about the chip, but it will be four times faster in deep-learning tasks than the current Xeon Phi chip, code-named Knights Landing, said Jason Waxman, corporate vice president in the Data Center Group at Intel. Knights Mill will ship next year, and the timing provides a snapshot of how urgently Intel is trying to speed up its entry into the A.I. space. There was a four-year gap between the release of its two previous Xeon Phi processors. Knights Mill will have several unique features compared to other chips Intel has developed. Unlike Intel's high-performance chips that focus on precise calculations, Knights Mill will string together a series of speedy, low-level floating-point calculations to reach conclusions. Those conclusions get to the essence of deep learning -- some conclusions like the identification of an image may not always be precise. But as the computer deep-learning model grows stronger, the conclusions will be more accurate. In the first half of next year, Intel will also release the first deep-learning hardware from its recent acquisition of Nervana Systems. That chip will be targeted mostly toward training -- creating computer models for deep learning. It could also be used for inferencing, which enhances deep-learning models through additional input. The Nervana chip will be mainly targeted toward servers. Intel will initially release it as a card that can be plugged into a standard PCI-Express port. But over time, the hardware will be integrated closer to the processor, said Naveen Rao, vice president and general manager of artificial intelligence solutions at Intel and the founder of Nervana Systems. The two new chips will add up to a stash of A.I. chips already in Intel's arsenal. Intel recently acquired Movidius, maker of computer vision chips used in Google Glass. The Movidius chips could be used in wearables, drones and robots for object recognition and depth measurement. Intel also sells FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays), which are circuits that can reprogrammed to do specific tasks. Intel wants to put FPGAs in servers, autonomous cars, robots and drones. Intel next year will ship the Deep Learning Inference Accelerator, an FPGA that competes with inferencing chips like Google’s Tensor Processing Unit. Intel's urgency is sparked by a surge of interest in A.I., a technology still in its infancy. Digital information is being fed from sensors, and A.I. is an emerging technique to make sense of that data. Large companies like Google, Facebook and Amazon are deploying software and hardware that can try to make sense of the large amounts of information. One A.I. example is Microsoft's Cortana, which applies algorithms and FPGAs to recognize speech. The effectiveness of these systems is heavily defined by the software stack used to sandbox deep-learning models. The software stack acquired from Nervana will serve as Intel's parallel programming framework for deep learning. The open-source framework will compete with popular options like Caffe, Torch, Google's TensorFlow, and Microsoft's CNTK (Cognitive Toolkit). But will all these A.I. chips cause confusion for customers? The more the better, Waxman said; Intel wants to provide customers with a wide range of alternatives. Some chips are better at specific tasks. For example, FPGAs are better at single-inferencing tasks like recognizing cats or dogs in images, Waxman said. It's important that Intel move quickly to get a piece of the A.I. market, said Jim McGregor, the principal analyst at Tirias Research. By throwing many A.I. chips into the market, Intel wants to see which one will stick, he said. "It's good Intel's getting out there with multiple solutions. But Intel doesn't have any advantage over anyone else," McGregor said. But there are risks. Intel bought Nervana Systems for its software stack, and any attempt to lock customers to those tools won't be accepted by the industry, McGregor said. Nervana's tools are open source but are designed for Intel's chips, but competing frameworks like Caffe are gaining in popularity. "It's a questionable strategy. Intel's done this for the past decade, and they tried to push everyone down their path," McGregor said. But deep learning is in its infancy. It will take time to perfect computational techniques for deep learning, and new types of hardware like quantum computers and brain-mimicking chips could alter the landscape. "We're still learning how to learn," McGregor said. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Artificial Intelligence Computer Processors Computer Hardware Enterprise Applications 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Michael Flynn, Trump's NSA pick, is a cybersecurity hawk Michael Flynn, the man President-elect Donald Trump plans to name as U.S. national security advisor,... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Previous Article LinkedIn's Award-Winning Hillsboro Data Center Goes Live Next Article Apple Chip Choices May Leave Some IPhone Users in Slow Lane Intel Deep Learning Inference Accelerator (DLIA) [Courtesy Intel] Intel Intel Sets FPGA Goal: Two Orders of Magnitude Faster than GPGPU by 2020 by Scott Fulton III  on November 17, 2016 Add Your Comments Tweet Intel used to be capable of delivering process miniaturization and configuration improvements in a predictable, “tick-tock” cadence.  That was before the laws of physics stomped on the company’s best laid plans for miniaturization.  So in a special event Thursday in San Francisco, Intel formally unveiled the hardware it expects will take over from CPUs, in the job of scaling the next big obstacle in performance improvement, including a PCI Express-based FPGA accelerator exclusively for deep learning applications, and a customized derivative of its “Knights Landing”-edition Xeon Phi processors. “I know that today AI has definitely become overhyped,” admitted Barry Davis, Intel’s general manager for its Accelerated Workload Group, in a press briefing prior to the event.  “But the reality is that it’s a rapidly growing workload — whether we’re talking about the enterprise, the cloud, everyone is figuring out how to take advantage of AI.” At least, that’s Intel’s best hope, as the company shoves all its chips into the center of the table, betting on hardware-driven acceleration to carry on the company’s founding tradition. What’s being called the Deep Learning Inference Accelerator (DLIA), puts to work the Arria 10 FPGA design that Intel acquired last year in its purchase of Altera.  DLIA is available for select customer testing today, subject to Intel approval, though the accelerator card will be generally available in mid-2017. In a statement released Thursday, Intel Executive Vice President and Data Center Group General Manager Diane Bryant boasted, “Before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space.” That statement came with the requisite footnote under “performance,” reminding readers that such displays of performance will be registered on the company’s benchmarks of choice (including SYSmark), and not necessarily in everyday practice. As originally conceived, Arria 10 would be put to work in reconfigurable communications equipment such as wireless routers, transceiver towers, and live HDTV video camera gear.  But Intel is leveraging it now as a caretaker for a convolutional neural network (CNN, albeit without James Earl Jones). Think of a CNN as a way that an algorithm can “squint” at an image, reducing its resolution selectively, and determining whether the result faintly resembles something it’s been trained to see beforehand. As Facebook research scientist Yangqing Jia, Caffe’s principal contributor, writes, “While the conventional definition of convolution in computer vision is usually just a single channel image convolved with a single filter (which is, actually, what Intel IPP’s [Integrated Performance Primitives] convolution means), in deep networks we often perform convolution with multiple input channels (the word is usually interchangeable with ‘depth’) and multiple output channels.” If you imagine a digital image as a product of several projections “multiplied” together, you see what Jia is getting at: an emerging picture of something an algorithm is training a system to recognize. Intel intends to position DLIA towards customers interested in tackling the big, emerging AI jobs: image recognition and fraud detection. “FPGAs are very useful for artificial intelligence,” Intel’s Davis told reporters.  “They’ve been used quite extensively for inference or scoring, to augment the Xeon CPU.  Today, 97 percent of scoring or inference is actually run on Intel Xeon processors.  But sometimes people do need a bit more.” Those people, specifically, are customers who are well aware of the purposes they have in mind, and are familiar with the algorithms they intend to use for those purposes, said Davis.  It was a surprising statement, given that the DLIA project has been described as geared toward an entry-level product for a broader range of AI users. Intel has already produced its own fork of the Caffe deep learning framework, and Davis said DLIA will be geared to accelerate that library. To be released at or about the same time as DLIA is a derivative of the “Knights Landing” generation of Intel’s Xeon Phi processors — its original effort to supplement CPU power.  Back in August, at the Intel Developer Forum, Diane Bryant spilled the beans on “Knights Mill,” a variant on the existing generation that’s optimized for AI workloads.  Specifically, the variant will focus on improving performance for mixed-precision operations, which may be critical when pairing high-precision AI algorithms for precision against low-precision algorithms for speed. At AI Day on Thursday, Intel promised a 4x performance boost for Knights Mill versus the previous generation of Xeon Phi (which would be “Knights Corner”), for deep learning workloads.  The company also plans to imbue the next generation of its mainline Xeon CPUs with its Advanced Vector Instruction set, potentially boosting the product line’s performance with floating-point operations run in parallel.ou Previous Article LinkedIn's Award-Winning Hillsboro Data Center Goes Live Next Article Apple Chip Choices May Leave Some IPhone Users in Slow Lane Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Scott Fulton III (73 Posts) Related Stories Blades Intel Building Next-Gen Xeon Phi for Artificial Intelligence by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on August 17, 2016 Knights Mill will be a general-purpose chip that will support machine learning and other workloads Read More Government DoE Taps Intel, Cray for What May Become 2018’s Fastest Supercomputer by John Rath on April 15, 2015 System using latest-generation Xeon Phi chips, silicon photonics, and other latest Cray and Intel HPC innovations promises to deliver 180 petaflops Read More HPC Intel Flashes 10nm Nexg-Gen Xeon Phi at Year’s Big Supercomputing Show by John Rath on November 19, 2014 Supercomputer chips will use Omni-Path interconnect technology, Intel claims is faster than InfiniBand Read More HPC Intel’s Next-Gen Xeon Phi (Knights Landing) to Use Silicon Photonics by John Rath on June 24, 2014 With new interconnect and high-bandwidth memory technology, Intel claims this will be the first serious step toward exascale Read More HPC Intel Advances Technical Computing With New Xeon Phi Products by John Rath on June 17, 2013 Intel continued to fuel its growth in technical computing Monday, with big announcements of new Xeon Phi products, and that its E5-2600 v2 processor product family and Phi coprocessors have helped catapult China's Tianhe-2 into the new number one position in the world for supercomputers. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Rochester Business Journal Menu About the RBJ Staff Directory Contact Us Customer Service Submit News Advertise Daily Report Signup Print Edition – Free Trial RBJ Online Store Retail Locations Event Registration Full Site Site Map Sort. Merge. Mail. Prospect. Do it all with the new Book of Lists on CD. Click here. Vuzix shares fall after Intel ends partnership By KERRY FELTNER • November 17, 2016 Vuzix Corp. shares fell Thursday after the company said in a filing that Intel Corp. has stopped development of Internet-connected headsets with the firm, officials said. Shares of Vuzix stock (Nasdaq: VUZI) were trading Thursday afternoon at $7.22, down some 11 percent from Wednesday’s close of $8.20. The stock had dipped as low as $6.60 a share in early trading. On Nov. 10, Vuzix received a letter from Intel stating it had been evaluating its alternatives, the video eyewear firm based in Henrietta reported in filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday. “(Intel Corp.) no longer desires to pursue a strategic relationship with Vuzix,” the company said, citing Vuzix’s technology did not fit in Intel’s strategic plans. “First of all we have a great relationship with Intel,” said Paul Travers, founder, CEO and president of Vuzix, in an interview Thursday. “They invested upwards of $25 million in Vuzix—that’s helped us develop this amazing technology at a facility here in Rochester. Even now, even with this announcement between Intel and Vuzix, it had to do with a strategic collaboration agreement but nothing else between us. We’re still doing business together.” On Jan. 2, 2015, Intel invested nearly $25 million in Vuzix with the purchase of nearly 5 million shares of preferred stock in Vuzix. Intel, in the letter, added it wanted to work with the Vuzix to undertake an orderly disposition of Intel’s stock, that would minimize disruption in the markets. In the filing, Vuzix stated its collaboration with Intel has not generated material revenue for the local company. Intel expressed a commitment to work with Vuzix “to undertake an orderly disposition of Intel’s stock, subject to pricing and other conditions, that would minimize disruption in the markets,” according to the filing.  At this point, Intel has not made any final decisions regarding its Vuzix stock or the timing of a disposition, officials said. “We purchase their (Intel) silicon; they buy our products from us. It’s just the idea of us giving them access. It was a collaboration agreement that they were looking for. It had to do with the supply of waveguide technology to them and we couldn’t come to an agreement on what was reasonable there,” Travers said. “And after as much time as we were screwing around on it I think we both were getting tired of it (however) at Vuzix we have relationships with some of the biggest companies in the world besides Intel. Vuzix is an exciting company right here in Rochester.” Follow Kerry Feltner on Twitter: @KerryFeltner (c) 2016 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or e-mail service@rbj.net. Receive a free six-week trial of the Rochester Business Journal print edition. Click here. Full Site | Contact Us | Daily Report Signup | Print Edition | Advertise ©2016 Rochester Business Journal. All rights reserved.
null
MENU Press Offices BCX ContinuitySA Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tecno Tom Tom USAASA UNICAF Veeam Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Seminar: Selling to the CIO, 15 & 16 Feb 2017 Education Innovation Summit | 29 March 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 31 May 2017 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Dell Rose Gold with Intel 7th GEN processor now in SA November 17, 2016 • Hardware, Southern Africa, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 Rose gold DELL XPS 13 with intel 7TH GEN processors now available in SA. Dell’s XPS 13 has undergone an exciting refresh and is now available to the South African channel from official distributor, Drive Control Corporation (DCC). The new XPS 13 (9360) comes in stunning rose gold and incorporates the new powerful 7th Generation Intel Core processors also known as Intel Kaby Lake The ultraportable XPS 13 remains the smallest 13-inch laptop with its virtually borderless InfinityEdge Display. Additionally, the laptop offers a larger 60 WHr (watthour) battery which provides up to 13 hours on QHD+ (Wide Quad Extended Graphics Array Plus) display. The XPS 13 is available in five configurations from DCC, all featuring Intel 7th Generation Core processors, Dell’s UltraSharp QHD + (3200 x 1800 resolution) InfinityEdge Touch display and Windows 10 Pro: Intel i5-7200U,8GB and 256GBSSD  Intel i7-7500U,16GB and 1TBSSD  Intel i7-7500U,16GB and 512GBSSD Intel i7-7500U,8GB and 256GBSSD  Intel i7-7500U,8GB and 256GBSSD – available in rose gold. Comments Heinrich Pretorius, Dell consumer product manager at DCC: “Just in time for the Festive Season, the XPS 13 is a stunner that ticks the boxes for exceptional quality, power and display. With the new rose gold option, Dell is met the channel’s demand for devices that offer an eye-catching form factor that go beyond the norm.” The Dell XPS 13 offers the following additional features: New Killer 1535 Wireless-AC technology for strong and reliable WiFi connection; Beautiful13.3-inch screen in an 11-inch frame; USB 3.0 ports and an SD card reader, as well as a headphone jack and USB Type-C port with Thunderbolt 3 support; 17 percent smaller than the comparable products, starting at 1.22kg and super slim 9-15mm; and Constructed with machined aluminium, carbon fibre and Corning Gorilla Glass for durability in a stunning rose gold or silver design. The Dell XPS 13 ships with three-year, next day hardware support. Staff Writer Dell XPS 13 « What Microsoft’s HoloLens means for the future of Augmented Reality South Africa: Vega offers a new degree course in gaming » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa Zain zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       Like us In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Airbnb launches new travel app November 18, 2016 Qantas app gives travellers virtual experience of Australia November 18, 2016 Samsung Gear Fit2 makes exercise fun November 18, 2016 How smart bots will simplify your life as a business owner November 18, 2016 Smart Cape Town: using technology to deliver value November 18, 2016 South Africa: Vega offers a new degree course in gaming November 17, 2016   UPCOMING EVENTS   Selling to the CIO | 15 & 16 February 2017, Jhb     Education Innovation Summit | 29 March 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 - 24 August 2017 Company Press Offices Press Offices Alcatel Lucent Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom TomUSAASA Veeam MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr SAP Africa announces new appointments November 10, 2016 Microsoft appoints new GM for WECA region November 9, 2016 Future-proof your business – or risk becoming irrelevant November 8, 2016 Bytes Managed Solutions appoints new Operations Executive October 28, 2016 Yahsat appoints Farhad Khan as new CCO October 26, 2016 Ugandan appointed DG of International Telecommunications Satellite Organization October 18, 2016 GetBucks snaps up former Barclays digital chief September 21, 2016 Deloitte Digital appoints new Digital Transformation Practice Leader September 19, 2016 GBI appoints two Vice Presidents – Sales August 30, 2016 Nikki Popoola joins WIOCC as Sales Director August 30, 2016 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2016 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: What Microsoft’s HoloLens means for the future of Augmented Reality While the consumer tech world has been abuzz with excitement over Virtual Reality (VR) and its pioneers (Oculus Rift, for...Close
null

Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Broad Institute Teams Up With Intel To Integrate Genomic Data From Diverse Sources And Enhance Genomic Data Analytic Capabilities By Published: Nov 17, 2016 3:50 p.m. ET Share FIVE-YEAR COLLABORATION TO HELP RESEARCHERS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF INCREASINGLY LARGE, COMPLEX, AND DISCONNECTED DATASETS CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard today announced a $25 million collaboration with Intel Corporation to scale researchers' ability to analyze massive amounts of genomic data from diverse sources worldwide. Through a five-year collaboration, researchers and software engineers at the new Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will build, optimize, and widely share new tools and infrastructure that will help scientists integrate and process genomic data. The project aims to optimize best practices in hardware and software for genome analytics to make it possible to combine and use research data sets that reside on private, public, and hybrid clouds. The project will enable researchers worldwide to run more data-intensive studies and generate robust results more quickly by accessing data that may have been unavailable to them before. "The size of genomic datasets doubles about every eight months and, as it does, the challenge of acquiring, processing, storing, and analyzing this information increases as well," said Eric Banks, director of the Data Sciences and Data Engineering group at the Broad Institute. "Working with Intel, we plan to build out solutions that can work across different infrastructures to facilitate efficient processing of these growing data sets, and then make these tools openly available for researchers worldwide. Our work is a step toward building something analogous to a superhighway to connect disparate databases of genomic information for the advancement of research and precision medicine." Building upon an existing collaboration, the new effort will apply Intel's data analytics and artificial intelligence prowess with Broad's expertise in genomic data generation, health research, and analysis tools toward the goal of building new resources that will promote biomedical discoveries, including those that advance precision medicine. Under the five-year agreement, the Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will focus on three goals: Overcome the challenge of diverse genomic datasets by optimizing Broad's Genome Analytics Toolkit (GATK) best practices hardware recommendations for genomic workloads for on-premise, public cloud, and hybrid cloud use cases.  Simplify and accelerate the execution of genome analytics by optimizing genomics software tools such as GATK, Cromwell, and GenomicsDB on industry standard Intel-based platforms. Empower users such as healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies and academic research organizations to collaborate by partnering on workflow execution models across complex and distributed datasets. Achieving this goal will enable secure processing of data across organizations, which can stimulate research and discovery, drug discovery, clinical trial recruitment, and ultimately clinical decision-making across the entire research and discovery ecosystem. "Intel and Broad share the common vision of harnessing the power of genomic data and making it widely accessible for research around the world to yield important discoveries," said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group for Intel Corporation. "We each bring to the collaboration our unique expertise and capabilities.  At Intel, through the use of artificial intelligence, we are confident we can solve the massive data challenges facing the industry." About the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard was launched in 2004 to empower this generation of creative scientists to transform medicine. The Broad Institute seeks to describe all the molecular components of life and their connections; discover the molecular basis of major human diseases; develop effective new approaches to diagnostics and therapeutics; and disseminate discoveries, tools, methods, and data openly to the entire scientific community. Founded by MIT, Harvard, Harvard-affiliated hospitals, and the visionary Los Angeles philanthropists Eli and Edythe L. Broad, the Broad Institute includes faculty, professional staff, and students from throughout the MIT and Harvard biomedical research communities and beyond, with collaborations spanning over a hundred private and public institutions in more than 40 countries worldwide. For further information about the Broad Institute, go to http://www.broadinstitute.org. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140520/89735 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/broad-institute-teams-up-with-intel-to-integrate-genomic-data-from-diverse-sources-and-enhance-genomic-data-analytic-capabilities-300365440.html SOURCE Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Intel Corporation, Mobileye May Be Star-Crossed Lovers, But Chowdhry Calls Veronian Tragedy Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 17, 2016 3:23pm   Comments Share: Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Marketplace Roundtable: Tech Trends For The Next 12 Months (Seeking Alpha) Related MBLY Mobileye Stock Weakness Unwarranted, Wells Fargo Says Buy The Stock Watch These 3 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade Marketplace Roundtable: Tech Trends For The Next 12 Months (Seeking Alpha) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) struck a partnership with Mobileye NV (NYSE: MBLY) and BMW earlier this year. While some analysts are optimistic the agreement will yield success for all involved, Trip Chowdhry of Global Equities Research isn't among the optimistic crowd. No Dice In a research report on Thursday, Chowdhry noted that when Intel announced the partnership it was singularly putting a bet on Mobileye's cameras. The analyst added Intel has pivoted on the initiative and highlighted what the company's CEO Brian Krzanich said at the L.A. Autoshow. Specifically, Krzanich said between all the data points of a smart car including sensors, cameras, radars and sonars, each car could produce four terabytes of information each day. Chowdhry argued that the executive's comments indicate Intel has now realized Sensor Fusion "is the only way to get to autonomous driving." The problem is that Intel is 20 years behind the leader NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA), Intel does not have a comparable library offering to Nvidia, 3) Intel, Mobileye, BMW have a combined fleet of just 50 cars, and 4) Intel has zero credibility among the Kaggle community. Compare This To Tesla Chowdhry continued that Intel's partnership is minuscule compared to Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA)'s initiatives in autonomous driving. The analyst argued that Tesla has already accumulated 1.3 billion miles' worth of auto-pilot data and has more than 30,000 vehicles equipped with its Autopilot hardware 1.0 and soon every new vehicle will be equipped with the Autopilot hardware 2.0. "TSLA is the winner," the analyst concluded. "More miles + Sensor Fusion = better Machine Learning Training Models = Better prediction = level 4 autonomous driving." At Last Check Intel was up 0.29 percent at $34.94. Mobileye was up 3.59 percent at $38.92. NVIDIA was down 0.05 percent at $91.58. Tesla was up 2.36 percent at $188.25. Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Autonomous Driving Brian Krzanich Global Equities ResearchAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC + MBLY) Mobileye Stock Weakness Unwarranted, Wells Fargo Says Buy The Stock Watch These 3 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade Technical Alert: MobilEye Erases Wednesday's Loss Mobileye Could Collapse By Next Spring, According To Trip Chowdhry Why Mobileye Bears Are Missing The Big Picture Technical Alert: Mobileye Lower Despite Q3 Beat View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 CETC, VRTV: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 Kevin O'Leary Was Fired On The First Day Of His First Job And He... 3 FL, HIBB: 10 Stocks To Watch For November 18, 2016 4 DRYS: There And Back Again: A DryShips Tale 5 VRX, AGN: Is Allergan Going After Valeant's Eye Surgery... 6 TNDM, DRYS: Tandem Diabetes Care May Be The Next Nov... 7 AMZN, GOOGL: RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks... 1 ADSK, CRM: Salesforce's Q3 Strength Has The Sell-Side Singing Its Praises 2 WMT: Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results 3 NUAN: Deutsche Bank's Likes And Dislikes From Nuance Communicatio... 4 CRM, TWTR: Salesforce Shakes Off Twitter M&A Anxiety With Strong Q3 5 USDA Cattle on Feed Report; Cattle on Feed Down 1 Percent 6 AAPL: Apple's Most Recent Ad Elevates The New MacBoo... 7 MSFT, CRM: Salesforce: Don't Call It A Comeback,... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Kevin O'Leary Was Fired On The First Day Of His First Job And He Couldn't Be More Grateful UBS Sees 9% Upside In Foot Locker Ahead Of Q3 Earnings

Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Disney And Intel Create Drone-Filled Christmas Show Posted: Nov 17 2016, 11:17am CST | by Noel Diem, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   Every night this winter, Disney will send 300 drones into the sky over Orlando to create a holiday-themed light show. They are using Intel's Shooting Star Drone, which is designed to fly in unison with hundreds of drones that are all manned by a single operator. Don't Miss: The Best Black Friday 4K HDR TV Deals Intel unveiled the drone earlier this month after they flew 500 over a town outside of Munich, Germany. They broke the Guinness Book of World Records for most drones operated by one person. In August, the FAA released drone rules for commercial operators. Intel was granted a waiver to fly an unlimited number of them over any uncontrolled airspace. Disney has been given a similar waiver to fly over any of its parks. iAlthough the technology has worked for 500, they will use 300 to create the show, since it is a lot of work to fly that many night after night. If one does fail to follow the pack, the operator will be able to bring it home immediately so that it does not ruin the show.  These drones don't talk to each other like some of the other drones from Intel, according to The Verge. “We can see the multiple-drones-per-pilot technology being implemented not just in light shows, but also in commercial applications,” said Cheung. “If you inspect a bridge, if you can have more than one drone to do it, you have a faster way of inspecting the bridge. If you were doing search and rescue and you have one drone out there searching for you, it’s much better to have a fleet of drones searching.” Disney's show will fly twice a night at their Disney Springs resort. The drones will be able to form 4 billion combinations, fly 22 MPH, and even fly in light rain. What the video from the Record Breaking flight: You May Like The Author Noel Diem Noel passion is to write about geek culture.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 5 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update 14965 ISO Files Now Available To Download 23 hours ago, 12:46pm CST Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Seen on Zauba 1 day ago, 11:34am CST Mark Zuckerberg Says Facebook Takes Misinformation Seriously 1 day ago, 9:53am CST Vernee Apollo Helio X25 and Mali T880 Smartphone Ships December 1 day ago, 5:17am CST Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 54 minutes ago Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 2 hours ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 3 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 3 hours ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 5 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 5 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 5 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 5 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 6 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Technology News People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 5 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update 14965 ISO Files Now Available To Download 23 hours ago, 12:46pm CST Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Seen on Zauba 1 day ago, 11:34am CST Mark Zuckerberg Says Facebook Takes Misinformation Seriously 1 day ago, 9:53am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 54 minutes ago Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 2 hours ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 3 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Google nabs giant new partner in cloud battle with Amazon Ari Levy | @levynews Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 11:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Ari Levy | CNBC Google Cloud chief Diane Greene speaking on September 29, 2016 Google, in its bid to challenge Amazon.com's dominance in the cloud, has enlisted a big partner: Intel. It's been a splashy year for Google's cloud platform, following the hiring of VMware co-founder Diane Greene last November to run the business. In addition to aggressive pricing and a big rebranding effort, Greene's strategy to chase down Amazon Web Services has centered around partnerships with key players in the business world. On Thursday, Google and Intel said they're working together on technology to help enterprises securely move data to the cloud. By linking up with Intel, Google is following through on its plan to lure businesses that have been reluctant to embrace the cloud. Customers don't have to think about it as a wholesale shift, but rather can count on an existing vendor — Intel — to help guide them. Despite Google's advances, AWS still controls the market. According to Synergy Research Group, AWS' share of the cloud infrastructure market sits at 45 percent, while Microsoft, Google and IBM have less than 20 percent combined. At the end of the second quarter, Google had only 5 percent of the market, according to Synergy. And while virtually all emerging companies and new applications are being developed in the cloud, only 41 percent of all enterprise workloads are running in a public or private cloud, according to 451 Research, with the rest still sitting in data centers on premises. By mid-2018, that number will be up to 60 percent. In teaming up with Intel, whose chips power traditional servers, Google can layer in software that simplifies the process of migrating data from their own machines into the cloud and back as needed. Google's homegrown Kubernetes technology allows developers to package information in virtual containers to make it movable and accessible from more places and a multitude of devices. "You just can't pick up and move every workload," said Nan Boden, head of global alliances at the newly branded Google Cloud, in an interview. "You have to come up with an architecture that makes it practical for these companies to be able to take advantage of these new technologies in the cloud and new economics in the cloud." Revenue from public cloud services, including software and infrastructure, is expected to more than double to $195 billion by 2020 from $96.5 billion this year, according to IDC. Google Cloud previously partnered with Autodesk on technology for entertainment companies to quickly render 3-D images and with Okta to help businesses securely deploy Google Apps. In an interview with CNBC.com in May, Greene said that she's "super partner-oriented." Google and Intel aren't disclosing if there's a revenue split in the products they're developing. Raejeanne Skillern, vice president of Intel's data center group, said the partnership is focused on serving clients' needs and creating technology that's secure and accessible. In addition to Kubernetes, another Google product that Skillern is excited about is TensorFlow, software that brings machine learning tools into more applications. "This is definitely groundbreaking for our work with Google," Skillern said. Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 17 GOOG: 771.23 6.75 Google working to increase cloud adoption in enterprise with Intel alliance Abner Li - 3 days ago @technacity Intel Google Cloud View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In trying to compete with the likes of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud has been moving at breakneck speed. After a strong push into machine learning and AI earlier this week, Google has announced a strategic alliance with Intel to increased enterprise cloud usage. The two companies have already been working for many years on engineering and validating data center processor technology and are now expanding the collaboration to accelerate the use of cloud technology in the enterprise. Specifically, Google and Intel will help enterprise businesses move existing infrastructure to the cloud. These efforts include joint advertising efforts, technical education, and technology integrations. Of course, there is a focus on machine learning and optimizing TensorFlow performance on Intel processors, as well as improving the security between Intel hardware and the Google Cloud Platform. The full areas of focus are below: Kubernetes – Optimizing Kubernetes for Intel architecture to support a broad range of workloads. Intel is a major contributor to the Kubernetes ecosystem and enables enterprises to run OpenStack as a managed Kubernetes workload. Intel and Google engineers have already delivered code optimizations that have improved feature transparency on Intel architecture. This work is also expected to improve workload capabilities, including virtual network performance and prioritization of shared resources. Machine Learning – Accelerating TensorFlow performance on Intel processors, for example by allowing TensorFlow to leverage all CPU cores and vector lanes for improved parallelism, integrating high-performance libraries such as the Math Kernel library (MKL) into TensorFlow, and optimizing memory allocation and data layer operations across a range of topologies. IoT – Creating a secure platform for connecting Intel’s IoT edge devices to Google Cloud Platform (GCP), where the data can be analyzed to inform better decisions — a critical capability for industries like retail and manufacturing. Security – Enhancing security integrations between Intel hardware and GCP infrastructure that will further improve security for enterprise customers. Guides Intel View THe Guide Google Cloud View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation Disney Disney and Intel launch Christmas drone light shows at Florida Disney World 300 Intel drones will perform in light shows choreographed by Disney in its parks over the holiday season. By Mary-Ann Russon , Video by Alice Wheatley November 17, 2016 17:21 GMT Close Embed Feed Magic in the skies: Disney Springs' Christmas drone show Intel <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/21657" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Disney and Intel have launched a new light show experience for the 2016 holiday season at Florida's Walt Disney World Resort that uses small flying drones to synchronise and paint colourful images across the sky. The light shows will feature 300 super light Intel Shooting Star drones that are made from Styrofoam and plastic, and only weight 280g. The unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) are equipped with LED lights that can create over four billion different colour combinations, and they can be programmed and controlled from just one computer. Disney has been interested in using drones for entertainment for quite a while, having filed a patent with the US Patent and Trademark Office in August 2014 describing a fantastic high-tech display whereby hundreds of drones emulate the floating lanterns scene from the animated film Tangled, as well as the idea of drones hoisting giant floating puppets of Jack Skellington above large crowds of people. Unfortunately, the puppet idea is not yet safe enough to realise, and the floating lanterns will take some work, but the idea of drones flying in synchronisation to form light-based pictures in the sky is definitely feasible, especially when they weigh even less than a volley ball. Intel drone technology set a Guinness world record The Intel Shooting Star drone, which weighs only 280g and is made from Styrofoam and plastic to ensure safetyIntel Corporation The show, entitled "Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration" marks the first time a show-drone performance of this scale has ever been performed in the US, and the software controlling the drones makes it possible to cut down preparations for aerial light shows from weeks and months down to just days. The drones will form typical Christmas images in the sky like Christmas trees and angels, and will be available to Disney World visitors in the Town Center, The Landing West Side and Marketplace neighbourhoods, where other seasonal entertainment will be happening at the same time, such as meet and greets with Santa Claus. Intel previously set a Guinness world record by developing a 3D masterpiece entitled Drone 100 showcasing 100 drones flying together in the night sky to paint 3D images and messages to the accompaniment of a live orchestra in Tornesch, Germany in November 2015. "We've never done something so big. To get the right permissions to fly, we showed the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) what our technology could provide, we showed them the Intel Shooting Star drones which are so lightweight... they have a prop cage so none of the props are ever touched by anyone else," said Intel's light show business lead Natalie Cheung. "We've redesigned this drone so that it's safe. It's foam, there's no carbon fibre or screws. It's just something that is easy to carry and hold, and easy to fly." Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close EmDrive: What is it and how could it change the world? Columnists Philip Davies MP “International Men's Day: Some issues affect men more than women - why is that hard to accept? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. Mark Zuckerberg explains how Facebook plans to tackle fake news amid growing backlash 'The bottom line is: we take misinformation seriously,' Zuckerberg said. Blizzard cancels Overwatch's graphic novel 'First Strike' Lead writer Michael Chu said the team decided to 'take the story in a different direction'. 3 million low-cost Android phones found with secret rootkit, vulnerable to remote hijack attacks This is the second time in the span of a week that security researchers have sounded an alarm about Android phones with... Video game news round-up: Legend of Zelda delay, Sombra arrives in Overwatch and Super Mario Run Your guide to the week's biggest video game news stories. Three Mobile confirms personal data of over 133,000 customers compromised in massive breach The company said no financial information was accessed in the breach. Trump's pick for CIA director views encryption 'a red flag' and wanted Snowden executed US Congressman Mike Pompeo has accepted the offer to head the CIA under Trump's presidency. Facebook authorises $6bn stock buyback amid fake news debacle The social media giant's accounting chief Jas Athwal will leave the firm after 9 years of service. US government 'deeply concerned' about Russia's decision to block access to LinkedIn The US says the decision could set 'a troubling precedent' to shut down any site containing Russian user data. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard New Atlas Drones Intel's Shooting Star drones bring flying Christmas lights to Disney World Nick LavarsNovember 18th, 2016 6 pictures The drones will take flight in a choreographed performance and form holiday-themed animations(Credit: Intel Corporation)View gallery - 6 images After last week revealing its Shooting Star drone in record-breaking choreographed flight, Intel is wasting little time in getting the aircraft out in front of the public eye. Attendees of Florida's Walt Disney World Resort this coming holiday season will be treated to a different kind of light show, with the Shooting Star drones forming colorful, flying animations across the night sky. We first caught wind of Disney's interest in making drones a part of its entertainment mix back in 2014, when the company filed a series of patents outlining a few pretty out-there ideas. These included using fleets of drones to control huge marionettes, and others to carry projector screens through the air as floating displays. The upcoming show won't be quite this far-fetched, but will fulfill one of the ideas outlined in Disney's patents, which is to basically replace fireworks with drones. Intel developed its Shooting Star drone exactly for this purpose, and has been working with Disney for more than five months in designing and testing the upcoming "Starbright Holidays" show. The drones weigh 280 g (0.6 lb), less than a volleyball, and feature integrated LEDs that can be used to create more than 4 billion color combinations in the sky. Intel last week revealed that it had flown 500 of the drones together in choreographed flight, all controlled by one pilot using a single laptop, though for the public debut the spectacle will feature only 300. The drones will take flight and form holiday-themed animations to a soundtrack of suitably themed holiday classics. The show will be free for all guests of Disney Springs, the shopping, dining and entertainment district of Florida's Disney World. Having huge numbers of small drones work together in this way could have ramifications beyond simply dazzling spectators with awesome light shows. Researchers are working on developing autonomous fleets of small aircraft for the purposes of city maintenance, defense, and some have even had them build a walkable rope bridge. If you'd like to know more about Intel's drones, you can hear from those involved in the project, in the video below. Source: Intel View gallery - 6 images New AtlasIntel's Shooting Star drones bring flying Christmas lights to Disney World 1 / 6 Tags #Intel #Disney Share this article Show 1 comment Recomended for you Latest in Drones User-friendly drone flies like a copter and like a plane Pocket-sized drone slides right into a smartphone case Fleetlights take streetlights to the skies Intel's Shooting Star drones bring flying Christmas lights to Disney World Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Consumerization of IT Personal Technology News Intel's drones will draw Disney animations in the sky Intel and Walt Disney World will put up to 300 drones in the night sky for an animated light show By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Nov 17, 2016 7:52 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel's Shooting Star drones form the Intel logo during a demonstration flight. Credit: Intel More like this Intel's build-from-scratch drone kits to take off next month Intel targets commercial market with company-branded Falcon 8+ drone Intel's new computer can serve as the brains of robots Video Computerworld Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Wonderful Wearables Drone shows can be fun to watch, much like fireworks displays. Intel has been flying an army of hundreds of drones that move in a coordinated fashion, creating an effect that looks like a mid-air ballet. The company has created one-off drone shows but is now taking that showcase to the next level. Intel is putting 300 drones in the sky for months, and they will be part of the Starbright Holidays aerial light show that will run during the holiday season at Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida. The drones will have LEDs that can create more than 4 billion color combinations, and the show will create animations in the night sky. That's right up Disney's alley. For Disney World, it'll be another attraction, much like the fireworks show it hosts every day. In one-off shows, Intel has flown up to 500 drones simultaneously, a Guinness World Record. Running a show for months is a whole new challenge, and it'll need to be well-coordinated so drones don't come crashing down. There's no limit to the number of drones that Intel can fly in a coordinated fashion, said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technologies Group. The drones flying will be Intel's homegrown Shooting Star, which was also used in the 500-drone display. Intel isn't selling the drone it's using, though it offers other drones like the Falcon 8+. It will also sell drones from recently acquired MaVinci. Building the 300-drone air show involved packaging unmanned aerial vehicles with a flight sequence and path. The drones fly at a speed of 10 meters per second and will communicate with controller PCs on the ground. The drones don't communicate with each other. Algorithms automate the animation process. They track a drone's flight path and draw the animation in mid-air. Intel developed the Shooting Star drone and supporting software for light shows, Walden said. Entertainment is one industry where drones can be used, but there are also applications in areas like product inspection and search and rescue. There are opportunities for using drones like Shooting Star for commercial purposes, Walden said. Intel is providing the drones, underlying software, and additional hardware like a RealSense 3D camera -- which can help identify objects and prevent collisions -- so companies can build related hardware. It has made many acquisitions to build its drone portfolio so far, a key acquisition being Movidius, which provides chips and software for computer vision. The chipmaker also offers the US$399 Aero Compute Board, allowing enthusiasts to build drones from scratch. The company next month will ship the Aero Ready to Fly Drone kit, an all-inclusive kit that includes the Aero Compute Board and parts like rotors needed to build drones. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Personal Technology Computer Hardware Robotics 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Go Top Stories Michael Flynn, Trump's NSA pick, is a cybersecurity hawk Michael Flynn, the man President-elect Donald Trump plans to name as U.S. national security advisor,... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Entertainment Gadgets News 3 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows by Mark Tyson on 17 November 2016, 09:31 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qada7x Add to My Vault: Intel's drone business seems to be a pet project for the corporation. Last month we saw Intel announce its first own-branded drone and these flying devices have regularly turned up on stage at Intel keynotes in recent times. Now Intel has announced a collaboration with Disney which will make use of its sizable fleet of LED light emitting drones. Last month Intel broke its own 100 simultaneous drone fleet flying record. In the dark skies above Krailling, Germany Intel's so-called Shooting Star drones danced in the sky forming 3D shapes, words, and spelling out '500' in the air. The 500 strong fleet was controlled by a single pilot on a laptop. The choreographed show was variously described as "putting a technological twist on traditional fireworks shows without the inherent risks of traditional pyrotechnics," and offered up as a technology that could be "used for entertainment or for putting ads in the sky". The collaboration with Disney will see part of the Intel Shooting Star fleet over Disney Springs at Walt Disney World Resort. The show is called 'Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration' and will see 300 drones painting colourful images across the sky over the Disney shopping, dining and entertainment district. A sample video of the show is embedded below. This public drone display will be limited to the 'holiday season' for now. Intel says that the "aerial ballet of holiday-themed animations will sparkle in the night sky," and be accompanied by an orchestrated score of classic seasonal music. Intel's latest Intel Shooting Star drones (as pictured above) are lightweight with their plastic and Styrofoam construction, weighing in at just 280g. They are quadrocopters with aerial positioning and RGB LED lighting which can be programmed, synchronised, and controlled via laptop. A new light show presentation can take just days to design and create using the drone fleet and its special software, says Intel. Related Reading 2 Netflix shares jump 20 per cent thanks to subscriptions boom The firm gained 50 per cent more subscribers than expected in the most recent quarter. 2 Sky to broadcast Drone Racing League events from October The DRL is the "global leader of First Person View (FPV) drone racing". 59 BBC will close iPlayer licensing 'loophole' on 1st Sept At the same time it hesitates to reveal which TV stars make more than the UK PM. Go 8 Bit video gaming TV show goes live on 5th September Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU HEXUS Forums :: 3 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Cr@ig - Thu 17 Nov 2016 09:45 Well cool Posted by Smudger - Thu 17 Nov 2016 09:51 So not Vic and Bob then? Posted by cheesemp - Thu 17 Nov 2016 14:21 Gosh that is impressive. Can't wait until they scale this up. 5000 drone open air cinema anyone? MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Raspberry Pi powered anti-tank rocket launcher prototype shown 15 2 Nanocoated cathode powders prevent Li-ion battery explosions 2 3 "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich 4 4 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows 3 1 QOTW: What do you wear on your wrist? 50 2 Raspberry Pi powered anti-tank rocket launcher prototype shown 15 3 "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich 4 4 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows 3 5 Nanocoated cathode powders prevent Li-ion battery explosions 2 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,210 Forum posts: 2,559,115 Forum threads: 246,665 Currently active users: 604 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion who needs fireworks? Disney announces new Christmas drone show to light up the skies this winter The entertainment giant is using 300 drones capable of BILLIONS of different light combinations Video by jon lockett 17th November 2016, 8:07 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments DISNEY will send 300 drones into the air every night over Orlando this winter to create a spectacular Christmas-themed light show in the night skies. The entertainment giant is using 300 Shooting Star drones, specially designed to fly in unison with others, for its new attraction. Intel 3 Each Shooting Star drone is capable of four billion light combinations Alamy 3 Disney’s drone show will fly twice a night this Winter The drones –  which will replace part of the traditional fireworks show – will all be controlled by a single operator. Tech giant Intel unveiled the tiny drone earlier this month after a flying 500 simultaneously in Germany breaking the Guinness Book of World Records for most drones operated one person. And now that the Federal Aviation Administration has given Disney the green light to fly the machines at night – normally illegal in the US. Related Stories WHAT A LOAD OF MUPPETS! Disney owns the website 'MuppetF****r.net', stunned fan reveals WELCOME TO BLUNDERLAND The Disney-style theme park that was abandoned midway through construction 'White Powder Alert' These are the top secret codes Disney World staff use… and what they actually mean REAL LIFE DISNEY PRINCESS Nicole Scherzinger wows in enchanting white gown for premiere of Disney film Moana be our guest! See Emma Watson as Belle in new movie poster for Disney's upcoming Beauty and the Beast remake The show will take place every night at Disney Springs – formerly Downtown Disney – in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida. If one of the unmanned aircraft does fail, Natalie Cheung, director of drones marketing at Intel, says the pilot has the ability to select any individual drone to turn it off or make it fly home. And for the Disney light show, the drone fleet is flying over a lake, so any drone that stopped working in midair would just fall into the water. Intel hasn’t yet announced how the Shooting Star is going to come to market beyond the Disney light show. Youtube/Disney Parks 3 Disney had to get special permission to fly drones at night Disney announces new Christmas drone show spectacular But it believes the sky really is the limit for its new flying machine. “We can see the multiple drones per pilot technology being implemented not just in light shows, but also in commercial applications,” said Cheung. “If you inspect a bridge, if you can have more than one drone to do it, you have a faster way of inspecting the bridge. If you were doing search and rescue and you have one drone out there searching for you, it’s much better to have a fleet of drones searching.” Disney’s drone show will fly twice a night this Winter at their Disney Springs resort in Orlando. Each Shooting Star is capable of four billion light combinations, can travel at around 22 miles per hour and fly in light rain. Topics Children Disney Drones Family Holidays Florida Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News 'SNOWMAGEDDON' Bookies slash odds on white Christmas as forecasters predict more snow is set to batter Britain this weekend News sex beast 'Repulsive' woman, 27, admits having sex with her PITBULL while her boyfriend filmed News 'BOO F******* HOO!' Prince William blasted on Twitter after complaining about 'struggling' with parenthood News SEX WITH HER PUPIL Teacher who romped with her 13-year-old schoolboy on "daily basis" before getting pregnant by… News Pictured WINTER BLUNDERLAND Families slam Bakewell Winter Wonderland as 'pile of s***' that is 'so bad even Santa f***** it off' News FEELING LUCKY? National Lottery results live: Winning Lotto numbers for 19 November 2016 £5.6m rollover jackpot News Pictured get ready for storm angus! Storm set to lash Britain with temperatures of -7 and winds of up to 80mph battering the country News BRUTISH GAS Bungling British Gas engineers break into woman's flat and 'ransack' it - but she's NOT their customer News PET PERVERT'S TEARS Woman who had sex with a dog and filmed sick footage  bursts into tears when told she's off to jail News Exclusive DAREDEVIL FELL 300FT James Bond stuntman and SAS hero killed in abseil race after plunging from helicopter in China News Video Exclusive RAILWAY SLEEPER Shocking video shows tram driver SLEEPING at the wheel while doing 40mph on same line as horror Croydon… News Pictured waiting for life after death First pictures of the giant vat where tragic 14-year-old Brit girl will be frozen at -196C with… News Exclusive THE BIG FREEZE 100 more Brits sign up to controversial Cryogenics Institute where Brit teen is being frozen for £37k News SEX BEAST SPARED JAIL Outrage as 15-year-old migrant who raped a five-year-old boy escapes jail sentence News WORLD WAR III FEARS GROW Putin's plane trailed across Switzerland by fighter jets amid tensions between Russia and Europe News Most Popular Exclusive 'i'll hit you roo' Wedding guest threatened to PUNCH drunk Wayne Rooney for 'getting handsy' with his wife during England… Football 'I don’t feel sorry for myself' I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt's struggle after suffering facial paralysis condition… TV & Showbiz hot tub time machine Remember Big Brother’s Anthony Hutton who romped with Makosi? Here's what he looks like now Living WTF Frocky horror From VERY daring necklines to flag fails, here are 20 brides who should have said 'I DON'T' to the dress Living Quids in These five 50p coin designs are worth up to £3,000... so how many have YOU got hiding in your purse? Living WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR From excessive sleeping to to much booze... these are the 5 signs that your man is depressed Living WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz 'SNOWMAGEDDON' Bookies slash odds on white Christmas as forecasters predict more snow is set to batter Britain this weekend News Video honey g-enius X Factor’s Honey G gets standing ovation AGAIN… sparking shock from confused viewers TV & Showbiz sex beast 'Repulsive' woman, 27, admits having sex with her PITBULL while her boyfriend filmed News All grown up! From All Saints to TLC… You won’t believe what your favourite 90s bands’ kids look like now Living Exclusive 'I don't give a s**t what people say' Cheryl reveals she is happier than ever Living 'BOO F******* HOO!' Prince William blasted on Twitter after complaining about 'struggling' with parenthood News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search The LEC-7338: SFF Surveillance Platform with Intel® BayTrail CPU The LEC-7338, running on Intel® Celeron® J1900, is a SFF box PC that offers quad-core processing power. LEC-7338_front   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Embedded Box PCs * SFF Surveillance Platform By Industry: * ComputersNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Nov. 17, 2016 - PRLog -- The LEC-7338, running on Intel® Celeron® J1900, is a SFF box PC that offers quad-core processing power, dual 2.5" HDD/SSD drive bays (RAID 0/1) and a generous I/O interface for video-heavy commercial applications such as physical security and retail surveillance. Intel®'s Bay Trail SoC is known for its significantly improved computing performance and greatly optimized power efficiency. Benchmark tests conducted for processor performance and power consumption show that the Intel® Celeron® J1900 CPU outperforms its predecessor (Intel® Atom™ N2800) by 310% while maintaining the same level of power efficiency. In addition to the powerful and nimble CPU, the LEC-7338's notable features include its 8x POE 10/100 Mbps Ethernet switch ports, 2x 100/1000 Mbps Ethernet port, 2x RS-232/485 COM ports, high speed USB 3.0, digital I/O and HDMI video-out. Also built in are support for up to 8GB of DDR3L 1333MHz memory and a full-sized mini-PCIe with SIM card reader. All in all, the LEC-7338's Intel® Celeron® J1900 processor, compact form factor (272 x 44 x 164.4 mm) and flexible I/O interface make it one of the most versatile and robust box PCs for commercial surveillance application scenarios. Key features • -Intel® Celeron® J1900 CPU • -8x PoE 10/100 Mbps Ethernet Switch Ports • -2x 2.5" HDD/SSD Drive Bays (RAID 0/1) • -2x 100/1000 Mbps LAN Ports • -2x RS-232/485 COM Ports • -1x HDMI (1920 x 1080) • -1x Full-sized Mini-PCIe Slot with SIM Know more about this product: http://www.lannerinc.com/products/embedded-box-pcs/indust... About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Lanner Electronics Inc. ***@lannerinc.com End Source : Lanner Electronics Inc. » Follow Email : ***@lannerinc.com Listed Under- Tags : Embedded Box PCs, SFF Surveillance Platform Industry : Computers Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Lanner Electronics Inc. PRs Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer well-rounded Digital Signage Solutions Lanner Partners with Versa Networks to Enhance SD-WAN and vCPE Solutions at Customer Site Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications Lanner Adds NCA-1210 into its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup The LEC-2580: Unsurpassed in Performance, Flexibility and Scalability Trending News Janet Eilber Artistic Director - Martha Graham Dance Company - on the GingerNewYork TV Show NYC Hip Hop Sensation Suspens Jr® Set to Drop Music Release in November "Holiday Miniatures" at James Ratliff Gallery, Sedona, AZ 15th Award for Humor Novel THE LOBBY by Randi M Sherman Dan Nathanson Nominated for Realtor of the Year by The REALTORS Association of the Palm Beaches Top Daily News Lorain Life Coach Helps Community to Cope Post-Election - 354 views Janet Eilber Artistic Director - Martha Graham Dance Company - on the GingerNewYork TV Show NYC - 254 views Marsha Crawford Named REALTOR® of the Year - 238 views University of Tennessee Ice Vols Celebrate 50 Years of Club Hockey - 217 views Hip Hop Sensation Suspens Jr® Set to Drop Music Release in November - 184 views Top Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1480 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 1226 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 900 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 830 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 758 views PTC News First Bancorp Of Indiana, Inc. Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend - 342 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 239 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 182 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Disney and Intel Light Up the Skies at Disney Springs With Hundreds of Twinkling Choreographed Drones Groundbreaking"Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration" Gives New Meaning to "Wishing Upon a Star" News provided by Walt Disney World Nov 16, 2016, 21:38 ET Share this article LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This holiday season, guests at Disney Springs – the shopping, dining and entertainment district of Walt Disney World Resort – will get a chance to see Disney and Intel exploring remarkable new technology as hundreds of lighted show drones take to the nighttime sky in "Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration." The first-of-its-kind light show featuring 300 Intel® Shooting Star™ show drones invites guests to gaze skyward and make a special wish this holiday season. The synchronized choreography of the new Intel Shooting Star drones is set to a specially orchestrated arrangement of classic holiday music. In the nostalgic and stirring medley, Disney Springs guests can listen for a few bars of classic Disney melodies. Continue Reading Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration at Disney Spring: This holiday season, guests at Disney Springs-the shopping, dining and entertainment district of Walt Disney World Resort-will get a chance to see Disney and Intel exploring remarkable new technology as hundreds of lighted show drones take to the nighttime sky in "Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration." (Matt Stroshane, photographer) Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration at Disney Spring: This holiday season, guests at Disney Springs-the shopping, dining and entertainment district of Walt Disney World Resort-will get a chance to see Disney and Intel exploring remarkable new technology as hundreds of lighted show drones take to the nighttime sky in "Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration." (Matt Stroshane, photographer) "We are thrilled to share an experience as innovative and unique as Disney Springs," said Keith Bradford, Vice President of Disney Springs. "'Starbright Holidays' is a wonderful surprise and delight moment for guests as they enjoy an evening of world-class shopping, dining and entertainment here at Disney Springs." Added Jon Snoddy, Studio Executive with Walt Disney Imagineering R&D, "At Disney, we are always looking for innovative ways to tell stories and create unexpected experiences. We're excited to invite guests to watch as we explore the possibilities of this remarkable new technology." "Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration" marks the first time in the United States 300 show drones have flown at one time. At 280g, the Intel Shooting Star drone weighs less than a volleyball, and features built-in LED lights that can create more than four billion color combinations. "We are excited to work with Walt Disney Imagineering to bring a fresh and innovative approach to its world-renowned light shows," said Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group, Josh Walden. "Together, we worked to tackle the new frontier of entertainment, picturing the sky as our canvas, and flying lights as ink." "Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration" will join other holiday enhancements at Disney Springs, including a brand-new Christmas Tree Trail, special seasonal entertainment, meet and greets with Santa, and festive decor throughout all four neighborhoods – Town Center, The Landing, West Side and Marketplace.  About Disney Springs: Disney Springs is a one-of-a-kind Disney experience, treating guests by day and night to great dining, shopping and entertainment amid beautiful open-air promenades, flowing springs and waterfront charm. Offering an air of sophisticated grace and design that harkens to Florida's waterfront towns at the turn-of-the-century, Disney Springs is home to four distinct, outdoor neighborhoods: The Landing, Town Center, Marketplace and West Side. Nearing completion in 2016, Disney Springs has been undergoing the largest expansion in its history to double the number of shops, restaurants and other venues for guests to explore, which will result in more than 150 establishments. Disney Springs is part of Walt Disney World Resort, the number one family vacation destination in the world, located in Lake Buena Vista, Fla. About Intel: Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel and the work of its more than 100,000 employees can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161116/440551 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161116/440552 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/disney-and-intel-light-up-the-skies-at-disney-springs-with-hundreds-of-twinkling-choreographed-drones-300364792.html SOURCE Walt Disney World Feb 29, 2016, 11:29 ET Preview: Disney Springs Continues to Grow and Add Even More Exceptional Dining and Retail Experiences My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Disney and Intel Light Up the Skies at Disney Springs With Hundreds of Twinkling Choreographed Drones News provided by Walt Disney World Nov 16, 2016, 21:38 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel's Shooting Star light show drones make US debut ​Intel's Shooting Star drones can be controlled by a single computer and operator -- a feat that could have larger implications to the rest of Intel's burgeoning drone portfolio. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | November 17, 2016 -- 00:15 GMT (16:15 PST) | Topic: Robotics A figure of a dove created with Intel's Shooting Star drone system. Intel's Shooting Star drones will head to the Walt Disney World Resort on Sunday for three weeks of nightly light shows at Disney Springs. The shows, which will feature 300 Intel Shooting Star drones in a choreographed aerial performance, marks the public debut of the Intel Shooting Star drone system in the US. What's Hot on ZDNet Nothing good is free: How Linux and open source companies make money Could Trump be the catalyst for an all-American iPhone? Women's share of Microsoft jobs falls again, so it's tying top pay to diversity Britain has passed the 'most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy' The Shooting Star system is a new type of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) specifically designed for entertainment purposes. Each quadcopter is constructed out of styrofoam and lightweight plastics, along with built-in LED lights that can create more than 4 billion color combinations. Because the system's algorithms control the choreography and optimize the flight path, the entire fleet of 300 Shooting Star drones can be controlled by a single computer and operator -- a feat that could have larger implications for the rest of Intel's burgeoning drone portfolio. 'We see the ability to fly hundreds of drones with a single operator as something that easily could move into the inspection space," said Josh Walden, SVP & GM of Intel's New Technologies Group. Among a bevy of available commercial drone applications, the ability to deploy a fleet of drones with one operator to inspect large structures such as cell towers, buildings, and bridges is still somewhat rare because of weaknesses in existing GPS technology. For the most part, GPS works just fine to get a drone from one place to another, but the technology faces challenges when it comes to getting drones close enough to a structure to capture high-resolution images. Intel's Shooting Star drones rely on GPS, but the software alone could lead in to the more sophisticated, industrial applications. "When we developed the platform, we did it so we could program the light show to a PC have the software manage the whole system," Walden said. "It's a highly automated process that previously took a lot more people and more time. The technology that we created which enables the Shooting Star light show could eventually be used to send out dozens of drones to do an inspection that much quicker." As for the Walt Disney World Resort, the self-proclaimed "Happiest Place on Earth" gained approval from the Federal Aviation Administration earlier this month to fly drones within its parks. Disney's permission waiver from the FAA covers both its Florida and California theme parks and requires that drone operators have remote pilot certificates. READ ALSO: Humans can now use mind control to direct swarms of robots Utah teen launches consumer drone that can fly over 70 mph AT&T's flying COWs are better than they sound Birds do it. Bees do it. Can drones do it? Cheap 3D vision bringing robots into the real world Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Why robotic process automation adoption is on the rise Innovation Should we ban killer robots? Innovation Artificial skin improves home care robots Innovation Chatbots gain more sophistication and popularity for business applications × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Disney’s Latest Attraction? 300 Drones Flying in Formation subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 2. Caption: Intel Slide: 2 / of 2. Caption: Intel Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Brian Barrett. Brian Barrett Gear Date of Publication: 11.16.16. 11.16.16 Time of Publication: 7:15 pm. 7:15 pm Disney’s Latest Attraction? 300 Drones Flying in Formation Intel With the push of a button, 300 drones ascend from a ground station and float over a nearby lake. You can’t see them at first—it’s well after sundown—but you can hear them falling into formation. The music starts, the drones light up, and the choreography begins. This isn’t just the latest Disney World attraction. It’s a whole new breed of entertainment. That’s the hope for both Disney and Intel, anyway, as they prepare to launch previews of their “Starbright Holidays” extravaganza in Orlando. The drones are Intel’s new Shooting Star quadcopters, and while this isn’t Intel’s biggest air show—the company synced up 500 of them earlier this year in Sydney—it will be the first implementation in which Disney’s imagineers helped guide the production. “Our drones, together with Disney’s expertise in animation as well as storytelling, and the music score, together make what we think is going to be a groundbreaking for of entertainment,” says Josh Walden, general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. It’s taken five months of close coordination between Intel and Disney to get this far, all to the end of creating a live experience that’s as engrossing as it is technologically innovative. And what’s fun for the whole family today may end up having more serious applications down the road. Drone Home The final details of the Starbright Holidays show are still being worked out. What we do know, though, is how the Shooting Star drones work. In short, very impressively. I absolutely see this applicable to controlling a fleet of drones in a commercial space. Josh Walden, general manager of Intel's New Technology Group The drones themselves don’t look like much, but then again they’re not supposed to; they’re simply flying LED delivery systems, capable of creating over four billion color combinations. They each weigh a little over half a pound, are just over a foot long and wide, and feature a soft-frame construction of plastics and foam (safety first). What matters much more is what the drones can do when they’re aloft. Namely, anything you tell them to, in any combination. What Intel has created is not simply drone hardware, but an entire platform on which to build aerial spectacles. “They way that they work is that they wirelessly talk with the computer. The drones don’t actually communicate with each other,” says Walden. “You program them upfront for the light show itself, and then the drones essentially are independent.” Intel They’re also highly adaptable. Drones aren’t assigned light show roles until after a computer has queried each individually, assessing characteristics like battery level and GPS signal before divvying up assignments. Once the algorithms crunch through which drone is best for a given flight, an operator can deploy them with the push of a button. While 300 sounds like (and is) a lot of drones, several also wait in reserve, just in case. “We have more drones on the ground than the actual light show needs,” says Walden. In the event that an active drone suffers a battery failure or a GPS glitch, a backup can dynamically sub in. The Shooting Star models can fly within five feet of one another, and can stay airborne for up to 20 minutes, though the Starbright Holidays exhibition should wind up a bit shorter. While the drone show isn’t a Disney exclusive, Walden says his team is “heads down” on making sure the Starbright debut goes off smoothly. The technology used to make that happen, though, could also have implications well beyond the amusement park. Global Swarming Drones that can be programmed in days or even hours to fly in tight formation? That’s good for an aerial ballet, but could be even better for a much broader range of applications. After all, what’s one drone when you can send 500? “I absolutely see this applicable to controlling a fleet of drones in a commercial space,” says Walden. It wouldn’t be surprising some day to see companies deploy dozens or hundreds of drones to complete inspections of construction areas, assist in agricultural work, or even form a search and rescue party in the event of a natural disaster. Walden acknowledges that the technology isn’t quite there today, and neither are federal regulations. There’s only so much you can do with a drone army that needs to remain within your line of sight. Still, the FAA has already signaled its willingness to work with companies like Intel, recently began offering waivers from certain drone restrictions (including, crucially for Starbright Holidays, the ability to fly drones at night). It helps, too, that Intel CEO Brian Krzanich chairs the FAA’s Drone Advisory Committee. Until those changes actually take place? A dazzling drone light show sounds like a perfectly wonderful way to kill time. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Disney drones Intel Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games Gaming Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games 6 hours America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 7 hours Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 11.17.16 Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 days The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Security News This Week: Snowden-Hater Michael Pompeo May Be CIA Director security news this week Security News This Week: Snowden-Hater Michael Pompeo May Be CIA Director 6 hours Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 11.15.16 More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 7 hours Tech Specs The UFC’s 4K Truck Is a Symphony of Pixels and Punches 1 day product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 11.14.16 Fetish Official Star Wars Drones Will Cost $240 Each 2 days product review Review: Monster iSport Victory BT 2 days physics Physicists Uncover Strange Numbers in Particle Collisions 6 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.

obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu INTEL OUTSIDE Disney will use hundreds of swarming drones in its holiday light show Written by Mike Murphy Obsession Machines with Brains November 16, 2016 Can they do Mickey? (Intel) Share Written by Mike Murphy Obsession Machines with Brains November 16, 2016 Fireworks are great. They tap into some Neanderthalic love we harbor for watching things on fire explode. But fireworks are also expensive, difficult to set up in large quantities, and can’t be reused. What if you could replace them with drones? Mickey is trying it out. Today, Disney and Intel are announcing that the two companies are partnering to create a new type of light show at Disney World in Florida, where 300 drones bearing multicolored lights will fly in unison, giving the impression of something akin to a fireworks display, or a massive, floating LED screen. The two are calling the drone performances “Starbright Holidays.” Intel first tested out a system to control multiple drones at once last year. It performed a light show in Germany with 100 drones performing a routine, all controlled by one computer. Since then, the company has broken a Guinness world record by controlling 500 drones at the same time, earlier this year: Intel worked with Disney’s engineering group in Los Angeles, referred to as Imagineers, to create a proprietary software and hardware for Disney’s holiday celebrations. The show will incorporate 300 new drones, designed by Intel, that it’s calling “Shooting Star” drones. The mainly plastic drones are each about the size of a volleyball, Intel’s general manager of new technologies, Josh Walden, told Quartz. Each drone will have GPS and other sensors to help it position itself, but the drones will not be able to communicate with each other. Instead they will all be in constant contact with the single computer that will control them all. The entire setup can be controlled by a single person, who can press one button to safely return all the drones to earth if they encounter any issues. The new system developed for Disney can emit 4 billion light and color combinations, Walden said, and it’s much easier to set up than Intel’s earlier drone shows. “It used to take six weeks to choreograph one of these shows,” Walden said, “and now can be done in a few days.” The drones can fly for about 20 minutes, and Disney’s light show will incorporate 10 different scenes and holiday songs. They can also fly in light rain, meaning that warm Florida winters should be no problem. The Shooting Star drones’ flight control technology is based on the technology in Intel’s Falcon 8 drones, created by the company’s subsidiary, Ascending Technologies, Walden said. Intel has also invested $60 million in the Chinese drone manufacturer Yuneec, signaling the company’s belief that robots—along with self-driving cars—are the next wave of computing. Intel, once the go-to manufacturer of computer chips during the desktop PC era, has fallen by the wayside somewhat after missing the smartphone revolution, and it layed off 12,000 employees earlier this year. Yesterday, Intel announced that it was also investing $250 million over the next two years to develop its self-driving car capabilities. One of Intel’s Shooting Star drones. (Intel) Walden told Quartz that Intel’s Shooting Star drones won’t necessarily replace traditional fireworks displays—they offer something different, and can be used in conjunction with fireworks. But, he said, they are more environmentally friendly in the long run, as they can be used multiple times. They’ll also likely set fewer things (or people) on fire than fireworks tend to. Walden didn’t release numbers on how much Intel charged Disney to create its light show, but he said other institutions had expressed interest in doing something similar. Beyond lighting up the night’s sky in novel ways, Walden said this proprietary swarming technology could be used in other fields in the future. Strapping cameras on drones like these would allow them to be used in effective search-and-rescue missions, for example: Swarms of drones could be sent out to cover an area, with each drone sending back data in real time, to search for the missing person a lot more efficiently than a helicopter could. The drone light show will take place daily at Disney World over the holiday season, and Walden thinks fans of Mickey will be be impressed with what they seen. “When you watch the expression of children watching it,” he said, “it’s absolutely incredible.” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search

Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Snapshot of the divide: Like America, Clark County split Hike in park impact fees raises concerns One year later, camping ordinance yields little change for area’s homeless Weather Eye: Drop in temperatures seems to signal approaching holidays Public meetings for week of Nov. 20 Two arrested as drug raid targets notorious nuisance house Free barbecue satisfying Thanksgiving meal for many Herrera Beutler on Trump team: Wait and see Robber strikes bank near Vancouver Mall Press Talk: The power of the thank you Free barbecue satisfying Thanksgiving meal for many Less than two months ago, Angie Travis was living in her car in Vancouver when a woman told her there… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mayolo, La Center hold off Mount Baker in 1A quarterfinals No. 7 Washington rolls past Arizona State, 44-18 Interceptions spark Skyview to 35-14 win over Lake Stevens   Columbia River girls win 2A soccer title in shootout Camas wins 4A state soccer championship Camas gets payback against Skyline on way to football semifinals   No. 12 Colorado beats No. 20 Washington State Oregon upsets No. 11 Utah on late TD catch Clark volleyball season ends State Football and Soccer Live Chat Camas wins 4A state soccer championship A near-perfect team ended its season in the perfect way – a state championship. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories U.S. whiskey boom is having long legs Path to take to find a good used car Automakers poised to help electric cars rev into high gear Investors shrug off tech field diversity Crunch all data before switch to unlimited data Gearing up for holiday shopping in Clark County Tech Test: Laptops getting more in touch with users Berko: Yeses and not with a 10-foot pole on high-yield stocks Alcohol giant Constellations eyeing putting marijuana in beverages Berko: Gut says hold off on buying Subaru stock Tech Test: Laptops getting more in touch with users Can the venerable laptop keyboard get more touchy-feely — and in a good way? Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Post-truth’ named as 2016 word of the year Eddie Redmayne’s big bag of acting tricks Chicago’s tricky position in pop culture Check It Out: Celebrate the ugly side of the holiday season Tinder now allows users to write in their gender identity Unwrap the best gifts for jet-setting people Sanders takes Democrats to task in book Seattle’s EMP Museum rebrands to MoPOP Somali starts club to help others into college Clark County’s three tea houses offer a warm diversion Check It Out: Celebrate the ugly side of the holiday season Just so you know, things are gonna get ugly. Christmas is about a month away, and if past Christmas celebrations… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Much to Learn after Protests Jayne: So, what really happened on Election Day? Will: Draw curtain on Democrats’ theater of pointless gestures Letter: God helps those in need Letter: Election leads to civil strife Letter: U.S. wrong on Syria Letter: Trump supporters should protest Letter: Nothing miraculous about Trump Safe energy alliance keeps Mosier explosion’s results in mind Everything’s for sale now, even the ‘truth’ Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Everybody has a story: Thanksgiving out in the wilderness a year to remember School donates piano to nursing care center Applause You Can Help Vancouver celebrates Miss Washington with Alicia Cooper Day Ridgefield resident places in state wool competition Students create videos about vaping Good cafeteria behavior leads to five-course meal My Fair Kitty fundraiser supports new shelter Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Job fair aims to attract workers laid off by Intel By Mike Rogoway, The Oregonian Published: November 16, 2016, 3:57 PM A   A PORTLAND — Semiconductor manufacturer GlobalFoundries will host a Portland job fair next month, hoping to pick up workers who lost their jobs in Intel’s mass layoff in the spring. GlobalFoundries is not hiring for positions in Oregon; its jobs are at its Fab 8 manufacturing site in Albany, N.Y. The company is a contract manufacturer that was created when Intel’s much-smaller rival Advanced Micro Devices spun off its production arm in 2009. Intel laid off 784 Oregon workers in April. The cuts were the first step in a plan to cull 12,000 jobs companywide by the middle of 2017 to prepare for long-term decline in Intel’s core market, PCs and laptops. The chipmaker had 19,500 Oregon employees before the layoffs began last spring. Oregon tech employers have held two large job fairs since Intel began downsizing, attracting hundreds, but laid-off workers report relatively few hires at each event. The semiconductor industry is highly specialized and — outside of Intel — there is relatively little market for advanced chip skills in Oregon. GlobalFoundries said it quietly held a Portland job fair last July for development engineers with doctorates and hired 15 people from that event. December’s job fair is for front-line workers: equipment and maintenance technicians with experience in various stages of the semiconductor manufacturing process. “We have been successful at hiring quality and experienced professionals from Portland in the past,” GlobalFoundries recruiter Nick Esteban said in an email. GlobalFoundries is holding additional job fairs in Arizona, where Intel also has a large presence, and in New York. The company said it will provide relocation assistance to those it hires from Oregon. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Staff / From the minds of Ars Dealmaster: Snag 50 percent off Samsung SUHD TVs, servers, and more Dell's Black Friday sale is here, and there are a ton of sweet deals. by Ars Staff - Nov 16, 2016 10:17 pm UTC Login to bookmark 24 Greetings, Arsians! Courtesy of our partners at TechBargains, the Dealmaster is back with a big batch of deals. Dell's Black Friday sale launched today, and it includes sales on a number of products. You can now get up to 50 percent off Samsung SUHD TVs, servers, and tower PCs, plus a bunch of great singular deals on things like desktops, monitors, SSDs, and more. Grab these deals while you can! Find more Black Friday deals as they go live at TechBargains. Featured Deals 55" Samsung SUHD 4K 120Hz Native LED Smart HDTV w/ HDR (UN55KS8000) for $999.99 (list price $2,199.99). DropBox Pro 1-Year Subscription + $25 Dell Gift Card for $59.99 (list price $99.99). Dell 512GB Solid State Drive + $100 Dell Gift Card for $199.99. Captain America 3-Movie Blu-ray Collection for $34.99 (list price $41.99). $10 Udemy Online Courses: Coding, App Development, Project Management, Cisco CCNA & more for $10. See all of Dell's Early Access Black Friday deals. Samsung Black Friday deals - Up to 50% off List Prices 49" Samsung Curved 4K LED HDTV (UN49KU6500F) for $549.99 (list price $1,099.99). 55" Samsung SUHD Curved 4K 120Hz Native LED Smart HDTV w/ HDR (UN55KS8500) for $1,099.99. 65" Samsung SUHD Curved 4K 120Hz LED Smart HDTV w/ HDR (UN65KDS8500) for $1,599.99 (list price $3,799.99). 55" Samsung SUHD 4K 120Hz Native LED Smart HDTV w/ HDR (UN55KS8000) for $999.99 (list price $2,199.99). 60" Samsung SUHD 4K 120hz Native LED Smart HDTV w/ HDR (UN60KS8000) for $1,199.99 (list price $2,799.99). 65" Samsung SUHD 4K 120Hz Native LED Smart HDTV w/ HDR (UN65KS8000) for $1,499.99 (list price $3,499.99). LG Signature OLED55B6P 55" 4K HDR OLED Smart HDTV + LG BP155 Blu-Ray Player + $75 Dell GC for $1,999.99 (list price $4,059.99). For more TV deals, visit the TechBargains site. Desktops and computers Doorbuster Deal: Dell Optiplex 3040 Micro Intel Core i3-6100T Dual-Core Desktop w/ 3yr Warranty $399 (use code: DT399 - list price $729). 4K Touch Display - Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Intel Core i5 Quad-Core 15.6" Gaming Laptop w/ GTX 960m 4GB GPU for $899 (list price $999.99). New Intel Kaby Lake - Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Intel Core i7-7500u 1080p Touch 15.6" Win 10 Pro Laptop w/ AMD Radeon R7 GPU & IR WebCam for $629 (use code: EARLYBIRD220 - list price $849). Dell Inspiron 17 5000 Intel Core i7-7500u 17.3" 1080p Laptop w/ 16GB RAM, 2TB HDD, AMD R7 4GB GPU for $799 (use code: EARLYBIRD250 - list price $1,049.99). Over 50% off PowerEdge T20/T130/T330/T440 Tower Servers Dell PowerEdge T20 Intel Xeon E3-1225 v3 Quad-Core Tower Barebone Server for $249 (list price $638). PowerEdge T130 Intel Core i3-6100 3.7GHz Dual-Core 8GB/1TB for $399 (list price $1,016). PowerEdge T130 Intel Xeon E3-1220 v5 3GHz Quad-Core 8GB/1TB for $479 (list price $1,116). PowerEdge T330 Intel Xeon E3-1220 v5 3GHz Quad-Core 8GB/200GB SSD for $599 (list price $1,343). PowerEdge T330 Intel Xeon E3-1240 v5 3.5GHz Quad-Core (HT) 16GB/1TB for $899 (list price $1,827). PowerEdge T430 Intel Xeon E5-2609 v4 8-Core 8GB/1TB/3yr Warranty for $1,279 (list price $2,572). Over 50% off PowerEdge R230/R330/R440/R530 Rack Servers: PowerEdge R230 Intel Xeon E3-1220 v5 3GHz Quad-Core 8GB/1TB for $779 (list price $1,550). PowerEdge R330 Intel Xeon E3-1220 x5 3GHz Quad-Core 8GB/500GB for $879 (list price $1,715). PowerEdge R430 Intel Xeon E5-2603 v4 6-Core 8GB/1TB/3yr Warranty for $1,149 (list price $2,277). PowerEdge R330 Xeon E3-1220 x5 Quad 4GB/600GB 10K HDD/3yr Warranty for $1,299 (list price $2,668). PowerEdge R430 Intel Xeon E5-2609 v4 8-Core 8GB/4TB/3yr Warranty for $1,399 (list price $2,762). PowerEdge R530 Xeon E5-2620 v4 8-Core (HT) 16GB/600GB 15K/3yr Warranty) for $1,799 (list price $3,595). For more desktop computer deals, visit the TechBargains site. Electronics and components Dell E2416hm 24" 19201800 LED Monitor for $89.99 (use code: SAVE52 - list price $189.99). Dell SE2717H 1920x1080 IPS LED Monitor for $139.99 (list price $249.99). 20% off Pre-orders for Pokemon Sun or Pokemon Moon for $31.99 (list price $39.99). 2-Pack Netgear Arlo Q 2 1080p HD Security Cameras w/ Audio & Free 7-Day Cloud Storage for $279.99 (Clip $50 Amazon Coupon - list price $399.99). Philips Sonicare Electric Toothbrush for $19.99 (Clip $5 Amazon Coupon - list price $29.99). Expand full story Reader comments 24 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit -  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Systems Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel SSDs Smartphones Storage Mobile GPUs Samsung CPUs Motherboards Home> Systems HP Z2 Mini G3 Announced: Miniature Professional Workstation with Xeon and Quadro by Anton Shilov on November 16, 2016 4:30 PM EST Posted in Systems Intel HP Xeon Quadro Workstation NVIDIA Z2 Mini G3 22 Comments | Add A Comment 22 Comments + Add A Comment This week HP has announced its new Z2 Mini G3 workstation, which weds a small form-factor with workstation-grade capabilities, along with rated reliability and performance. The new system can integrate Intel’s current and next-generation Core i7 or Xeon CPUs, NVIDIA’s Quadro GPU, two storage devices and up to 32 GB of DDR4 memory. One of the desktop PC categories that is actually growing these days is SFF PCs. Such systems are faster than many outdated desktops and are designed to be subtle and discreet. While there are numerous makers of consumer computers that offer miniature PCs which are akin to Intel’s NUC, there are no workstations of the same size due to multiple reasons. For example, it is hard to offer workstation-grade endurance/reliability along with performance in a small enclosure due to thermals of desktop components, whereas usage of laptop parts is sometimes prohibitively expensive. Nonetheless, it still can be done. HP decided to capitalize on the SFF PC trend and used its expertise in developing commercial mini PCs as well as all-in-one workstations to develop a miniature workstation which would be small and powerful. The Z2 Mini G3 used to be called 'Ant-Man' internally, implying on a Marvel superhero character. The HP Z2 Mini G3 measures 216×216×58 mm (8.5×8.5×2.28 inches), which is larger compared to Intel’s mainstream NUCs, but is smaller than SFF gaming systems like the MAGNUS EN980. The weight of the system starts at around two kilograms (4.5 lbs), it has 75/100mm VESA mounts and can be installed almost everywhere (behind the display, under the desk, on the desk, on the wall, etc.). Gallery: HP Z2 Mini G3: Miniature Workstation with Xeon and Quadro The workstation comes in black and to a degree matches the design of other HP Z machines, at least when it comes to versatile connectivity and functionality. For example, the higher-end Z2 Mini G3 models will offer four dual-mode DisplayPort connectors supporting up to six displays. In addition, the system will have four USB 3.0 Type-A and two USB 3.0 Type-C receptacles, a Gigabit Ethernet connector, a Wi-Fi 802.11ac + BT module, and a TRRS audio input. Inside the Z2 Mini G3 there is a proprietary motherboard based on the Intel C236 PCH and featuring an LGA1151 socket supporting Intel Core i-series or Intel Xeon E3 processors (Skylake and Kaby Lake). The CPU is cooled-down by a relatively large blower. Given the fact that the total power draw of the system cannot be higher than ~180 W due to the power supply, we might not expect high-TDP microprocessors to be used inside the Z2 Mini G3, but it is reasonable to expect the system to support desktop-grade chips with 45-65W thermal design power (hence, four cores with HT, Iris Pro Graphics, etc.). The motherboard has two memory slots and can support up to 32 GB of DDR4 memory with or without ECC. For graphics, the more advanced versions of the HP Z2 Mini G3 will come with NVIDIA’s Quadro M620 GPU (Maxwell, 384 stream processors, 30 W TDP) with 2 GB of GDDR5 memory that is certified to run professional CAD graphics applications. Alternatively, the entry-level HP Z2 Mini G3 models will use Intel’s integrated GPUs. HP Z2 Mini G3 Specifications   Entry High-End CPU Intel Core i3/i5/i7 Intel Xeon E3 v5/v6 PCH Intel C236 Graphics Intel integrated graphics NVIDIA Quadro M620 384 stream processors 2 GB GDDR5 memory Memory Two SO-DIMM slots, up to 32 GB of DDR4, ECC supported Storage Up to HP Z Drive Turbo 512 GB PCIe 3.0 x4 with NVMe Up to 1 TB SATA 6 Gbps HDD Wi-Fi 802.11ac + BT 4.2 Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet with RJ45 connector Display Outputs 4 × DisplayPort++ Audio 3.5 mm audio in and audio out USB 4 × USB 3.0 Type-A (5 Gbps) 2 × USB 3.0 Type-C (5 Gbps) Specials Security latch to close USB ports from access Dimensions 216 × 216 × 58 mm 8.5 × 8.5 × 2.28 inches PSU (external) 135 W (89% efficient, active PFC) 200 W (89% efficient, active PFC) OS Microsoft Windows 10 Pro or Linux Price $699 Unknown When it comes to storage, the HP Z2 Mini G3 supports one 2.5”/9.5 mm SATA HDD (or SSD) as well as one M.2-2280 HP Z Turbo Drive SSD (which is a re-badged Samsung SM951 SSD with NVMe and PCIe 3.0 x4 interface) with 256 GB or 512 GB capacity. The latter will be cooled-down using the airflow from the CPU blower to ensure consistent performance. Initially HP will support up to 1.5 TB of storage by its Z2 Mini G3 (1 TB HDD, 512 GB SSD), but eventually it may certify more capacious storage devices for the system. All of HP’s Z2 Mini G3 systems will have a three year-long lifecycle option. The starting price of an entry-level SKU will be $699 and the systems will start to emerge in December. The more advanced models with Xeon and discrete graphics will naturally cost more and for the next-gen Intel Xeon E3 featuring the Kaby Lake microarchitecture customers will have to wait until early next year. Gallery: HP Z2 Mini Briefng Deck Related Reading: HP Unveils Third-Gen All-In-One Z1 Workstation: 4K Display, Intel Xeon, Professional Graphics HP Announces The Pavilion Wave And Elite Slice Desktops HP Updates The Z240 Workstation With The Core i7-6700K Source: HP Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 22 Comments View All Comments jackpro - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link No thunderbolt 3? Reply MattMe - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link Not even USB 3.1 on the type C ports. Shame... Have to say I agree with the below though - that if you require a 'professional workstation' why would you care it's size? I guess there may be a tiny minority that also require portability of a workstation? Can't imagine it being a market worth creating a device like this for. Who knows, Reply stephenbrooks - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link Those I know who want portability and power in one machine tend to get a large desktop-replacement-style laptop and a docking station at their desk. (I thought combining the two was pointless so got a traditional Xeon workstation and an Atom 10" 2-in-1 for travel). Reply Mday - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link The USB C ports are 3.1. It's a typo\mistake in the article. The specs are shown in the slideshow. Reply Xajel - Thursday, November 17, 2016 - link It's USB 3.1 Gen. 1, basically same as USB 3 ( 5gbps )... I think what he meant is Gen. 2 ( 10gbps ) which is not supported as far as the slide shows go... Reply willis936 - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link That will be one toasty little breadbox. Reply dsumanik - Thursday, November 17, 2016 - link Still better than A Mac mini at half the price Reply p1esk - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link I don't get the point of a "mini-sized professional workstation". If you need a professional workstation, why would you care how large it is? It's going to sit under your desk anyway, and it's not like a full tower consumes that much space. Why wouldn't a professional engineer or designer get a normal size workstation with top of the line components? Reply SaolDan - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link agree Reply shabby - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link Its for wannabe professional hipsters. Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News NVIDIA Releases 375.86 WHQL Driver Update Game Bundles: Get Civilization VI, Doom, Watch_Dogs 2 for Free with AMD & Samsung Hardware Fold Proteins for Charity & Help AnandTech Beat Tom’s Hardware: Starting December 1st Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Unboxing and Hands On Benchmarks Best Tablets: Holiday 2016 AMD Releases Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix Capsule Review: The Zalman ZM-K650WP Gaming Keyboard: Waterproof at $30 Adesto EcoXiP: Optimizing Memory Interfaces For Embedded Systems Qualcomm Announces Quick Charge 4: Supports USB Type-C Power Delivery Qualcomm Announces Next-Generation Snapdragon 835 SoC Using Samsung’s 10nm Node HP Z2 Mini G3 Announced: Miniature Professional Workstation with Xeon and Quadro Promise Launches Pegasus3 External Storage via TB3: Up to 48 TB, 1.6 GBps TWEETS IanCutress: Congrats @EE absolutely no signal sat on a tube in South Ealing while @TfL failed to tannoy anything for 20 mins. @Vodafone had the answer RyanSmithAT: @JoshuaHo96 I guess you haven't seen @BasemarkLtd's VRScore Trek. Test your HMD using a mic jack. https://t.co/j1qH3LGWAk RyanSmithAT: @chrisheinonen No one in the east actually watches Pac-12 After Dark, do they? I thought this was intentional to put good teams on earlier IanCutress: What #bbctennis @BBCSport is the point in this first line on this graphic? Not everything needs to be represented a… https://t.co/WTpGSjmZZQ RyanSmithAT: Because few things in life are as sweet as defeating @tomshardware... https://t.co/wQskTppPxb IanCutress: Four. Huzzah https://t.co/ojISCOAmXN IanCutress: Three down, one to go https://t.co/sxcLEgpSSg RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Qualcomm Announces Next-Generation Snapdragon 835 SoC Using Samsung’s 10nm Node https://t.co/bHbZQLEon2 IanCutress: @jan_hyka If I have a window that's opened due to a script, it doesn't seem to count. Also, I seem to get lots of 'empty' space. RyanSmithAT: @TimothyLottes Much respect for @jonpeddie, but if I'm reading this right those numbrs include the Wii install base, which is a dead console ganeshts: .@wimbet OP3T - price, and they know how to make proper use of screen real estate by providing option to NOT have on-screen nav. buttons ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
12,598,288 members (60,443 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments (1) Add your own alternative version Tagged as edisongalileoIoT Stats 1.5K views 3 bookmarked Posted 16 Nov 2016 Using Libraries in Your IoT Project Intel Corporation, 16 Nov 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. For your IoT projects, Libmraa and UPM are essential libraries. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Functions and Libraries Functions are blocks of code that focus on specific tasks. There are two main types of functions: those packaged in a library and those you define in your code. Programming languages such as C++, Python*, Java*, and Node.js* provide built-in functions that you can call at any time. Functions go by different names in different programming languages, such as method, subroutine, and procedure. Libraries are collections of functions. For example, sqrt(x) is a mathematical C++ built-in function within the math.h C++ library; it facilitates the computation of the square root of a given number. Such a library includes multiple functions, such as logarithm (log10) and exponentials (exp). For Internet of Things (IoT)–related projects, two main libraries are particularly useful: Libmraa* (MRAA) and Useful Packages & Modules (UPM). When working with hardware, you need tools to communicate with the various parts of your board and its connected sensors. These libraries come with definitions for the various sensors and are cross compatible with multiple boards. Libmraa* If you want to use Libmraa*, you must first install it on your Intel® Galileo or Intel® Edison board. The library enables you to interact with the board through the functions the library provides. Libmraa has defined configurations for each board and its components. It provides an application programming interface (API) for interfacing with low-level peripherals, such as general-purpose input/output (GPIO), pulse width modulation (PWM), Bluetooth* low energy, interintegrated circuit (I2C), serial peripheral interface (SPI), and Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter (UART). The physical pins of chips and sensors map to Libmraa. You don’t need to know the details of how communication between the various components happens: The library takes care of which board and breakout pins are connected. Figure 1 illustrates the pins located on the Edison board, and Table 1 reflects a small subset of pins. You can see that the I2C pin is physical pin J17-pin 8, which is mapped in MRAA to 7; also, PWM is shown as physical pins J18-pin 7, with MRAA mapping to pin 20. This way, when you’re programming an MRAA pin, it will communicate with its mapped physical pin on the board. You can see the full breakout board and pins in the paper Intel® Edison Breakout Board. Figure 1. The Intel® Edison board, with a subset of its pins Table 1. Subset of pins on the Intel® Edison board Pin     Description J17 - pin 1 GP182_PWM2   GPIO capable of PWM output J17 - pin 5 GP135 UART2_TX GPIO, UART2 transmit output J17 - pin 8 GP20 I2C1_SDA GPIO, I2C1 data open collector J18 - pin 7 GP12_PWM0   GPIO capable of PWM output J18 - pin 8 GP183_PWM3   GPIO capable of PWM output J18 - pin 12 GP129 UART1_RTS GPIO, UART1 ready to send output Within Libmraa are multiple API classes, each with numerous functions that you can use for your IoT projects. Here is a small list of those functions: GPIO class. GPIO interface to Libmraa; functions include: mraa_gpio_init_raw function mraa_gpio_context mraa_gpio_dir I2C class. I2C to Libmraa; functions include: mraa_i2c_init mraa_i2c_read AIO class. Analog input/output (AIO) interface to Libmraa; functions include: mraa_aio_init mraa_aio_set_bit PWM class. PWM interface to Libmraa; functions include: mraa_pwm_init_raw mraa_pwm_period_ms SPI class. SPI to Libmraa; functions include: mraa_spi_write mraa_spi_transfer_buf mraa_spi_bit_per_word UART class. UART to Libmraa; functions include: mraa_uart_set_baudrate mraa_uart_set_flowcontrol mraa_uart_set_timeout COMMON class. Defines the basic shared values for Libmraa; functions include: mraa_adc_raw_bits mraa_get_i2c_bus_count mraa_get_platform_type For a full list and description of functions that each class supports, see mraa documentation. To use all the functionality that MRAA provides, you must include mraa.h in your code. Figure 2 shows a C example for connecting an LED to D5 on your board and using GPIO functions. The outcome is a blinking LED; the sleep function controls how often the LED will be in the On and Off states. Figure 2. C example using MRAA and general-purpose input/output Useful Packages & Modules UPM provides software drivers for a variety of commonly used sensors and actuator. Drivers enable the hardware to communicate with the operating system. UPM is a level above MRAA and assists with object control of elements such as RGB LCDs and temperature sensors. The list of supported sensors is vast and includes accelerometers, buttons, color sensors, gas sensor, global positioning system (GPS), radio-frequency identification, and servos. See the full list. Figure 3 illustrates how you can use the UPM library to read the input of a button. First, you need to include the library grove.hpp, which allows you to use the upm::GroveButton function to create an object for the button and later use the name () and value () functions to obtain the desired values from the sensors. See additional UPM examples. Figure 3. Useful Packages & Modules example, with definitions for functions and libraries Integrated development environments (IDEs) such as Eclipse* and Intel® XDK IoT Edition come with MRAA and UPM as integrated libraries. The supported IDEs are available for download from Intel® IoT Developer Kit Integrated Development Environments. When using Eclipse, you can choose to create a new IoT project that will include a couple of tools not available in other types of projects (Figure 4). Figure 4. Creating a new Internet of Things project in Eclipse* The IoT Sensor Support tool, shown in Figure 5, contains the list of sensors and actuators, with a description and picture of the hardware. Simply select all the hardware you will include in your project, and the tool automatically adds the related libraries to your code. For example, if you will be using the MMA7455 accelerometer, the tool will append to your current .ccp code with #include <mma7455.h>. Figure 5. Internet of Things sensors and libraries included in Eclipse* Libmraa and UPM work hand-in-hand to provide the tools you need to interact easily with the elements in your project. They remove the hassle of knowing the pins and requirements of each piece of hardware, packaging all the specifics into friendly, easy-to-use libraries. From prototyping an automatic pet feeder to creating a wearable that uses GPS, an accelerometer, and an RGB LCD to track your movements, you can develop your projects with the help of MRAA and UPM. Both libraries are open source projects, with dedicated GitHub* repositories (see the upm and mraa repositories). Developers are welcome to assist with enhancing and writing new APIs and functions, and reviewing documentation. Contributors are required to follow a coding and documentation style. Thanks to the open source community’s efforts, new functions and libraries are added frequently for various coding languages. Summary Libraries and their functions help with cleaner, more efficient code that you can reuse. For built-in functions, you don’t need to worry about how the computation is performed: As long as you implement the function with the required input, it will generate the desired output. For your IoT projects, Libmraa and UPM are essential libraries. For More Information C Programming/Libraries MRAA 1.0.0 An explanation of functions License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro The Hybrid Cloud Arduino 101 Bluetooth Low Energy IOT Jukebox Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Internet of Things: Programming IoT Devices, Web Services and IoT Clients Mobile Messaging with Twilio Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next thanks for this Member 1285714017-Nov-16 18:08 Member 12857140 17-Nov-16 18:08  thanks for this thanks Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 20-Nov-16 3:46 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161118.1 | Last Updated 16 Nov 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,598,288 members (60,443 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as JavaedisonIoT Stats 1.7K views 1 bookmarked Posted 16 Nov 2016 Color match game in Java Intel Corporation, 16 Nov 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This color match game is part of a series of how-to Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) code sample exercises using the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, Intel® Edison development platform, cloud platforms, APIs, and other technologies. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction This color match game is part of a series of how-to Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) code sample exercises using the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, Intel® Edison development platform, cloud platforms, APIs, and other technologies. From this exercise, developers will learn how to: Connect the Intel® Edison development platform, a computing platform designed for prototyping and producing IoT and wearable computing products. Interface with the Intel® Edison platform IO and sensor repository using MRAA and UPM from the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution to help developers explore the IoT and implement innovative projects. Run this code sample in Intel® System Studio IoT Edition. Intel® System Studio IoT Edition lets you create and test applications on Intel-based IoT platforms. Set up a web application server exposing files as well as functionality. What it is Using an Intel® Edison board, this project lets you create a color match game. a UI of the game is exposed through an embedded server, providing with buttons for color matching as well as a "start game" button when starting the game, for each level a sequence of colors is displayed on the RGB LCD screen of the Intel® Edison board. The player needs to click on the corresponding buttons on the website. for each level the sequence has one more color. when a user clicks a color, the same color is displayed on the RGB LCD screen. different tones are played when user clicks on color buttons. Hardware requirements Grove* Indoor Environment Kit containing: Intel® Edison platform with an Arduino* breakout board Grove* RGB LCD Software requirements Intel® System Studio IoT Edition How to set up To begin, clone the How-To Intel IoT Code Samples repository with Git* on your computer as follows: $ git clone https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples.git To download a .zip file, in your web browser go to https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples and click the Download ZIP button at the lower right. Once the .zip file is downloaded, uncompress it, and then use the files in the directory for this example. Adding the program to Intel® System Studio IoT Edition ** The following screenshots are from the Alarm clock sample, however the technique for adding the program is the same, just with different source files and jars. Open Intel® System Studio IoT Edition, it will start by asking for a workspace directory. Choose one and then click OK. In Intel® System Studio IoT Edition, select File -> new -> Intel(R) IoT Java Project: Give the project the name "ColorMatchGame" and then click Next. You now need to connect to your Intel® Edison board from your computer to send code to it. Choose a name for the connection and enter the IP address of the Intel® Edison board in the "Target Name" field. You can also try to Search for it using the "Search Target" button. Click finish when you are done. You have successfully created an empty project. You now need to copy the source files and the config file to the project. Drag all of the files from your git repository's "src" folder into the new project's src folder in Intel® System Studio IoT Edition. Make sure previously auto-generated main class is overridden. The project uses the following external jars: jetty-all-9.3.7.v20160115-uber. These can be found in the Maven Central Repository. Create a "jars" folder in the project's root directory, and copy all needed jars in this folder. In Intel® System Studio IoT Edition, select all jar files in "jars" folder and right click -> Build path -> Add to build path Now you need to add the UPM jar files relevant to this specific sample. right click on the project's root -> Build path -> Configure build path. Java Build Path -> 'Libraries' tab -> click on "add external JARs..." for this sample you will need the following jars: upm_i2clcd.jar The jars can be found at the IOT Devkit installation root path\iss-iot-win\devkit-x86\sysroots\i586-poky-linux\usr\lib\java Connecting the Grove* sensors You need to have a Grove* Shield connected to an Arduino-compatible breakout board to plug all the Grove* devices into the Grove Shield. Make sure you have the tiny VCC switch on the Grove* Shield set to 5V. Plug one end of a Grove cable into the Grove RGB LCD, and connect the other end to any of the I2C ports on the Grove Shield. Data store server setup Optionally, you can store the data generated by this sample program in a backend database deployed using Microsoft Azure, IBM Bluemix, or AWS, along with Node.js, and a Redis data store. For information on how to set up your own cloud data server, go to: https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/intel-iot-examples-datastore Preparing the Intel® Edison board before running the project In order for the sample to run you will need to copy some files to the Intel® Edison board. This can be done using SCP through SSH. Two sorts of files need to be copied from the sample repository: Jar files- external libraries in the project need to be copied to "/usr/lib/java" web files- files within site_contents folder need to be copied to "/var/ColorMatchGame" Running the program using Intel® System Studio IoT Edition When you're ready to run the example, make sure you saved all the files. Click the Run icon on the toolbar of Intel® System Studio IoT Edition. This runs the code on the Intel® Edison board. You will see output similar to the following when the program is running. Accessing the game The color match game is set using a single-page web interface served from the Intel® Edison board while the sample program is running. The web server runs on port 8080, so if the Intel® Edison board is connected to Wi-Fi* on 192.168.1.13, the address to browse to if you are on the same network is http://192.168.1.13:8080/home. Determining the IP address of the Intel® Edison board You can determine what IP address the Intel® Edison board is connected to by running the following command: ip addr show | grep wlan You will see output similar to the following: 3: wlan0: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast qlen 1000
    inet 192.168.1.13/24 brd 192.168.1.255 scope global wlan0 The IP address is shown next to inet. In the example above, the IP address is 192.168.1.13. IMPORTANT NOTICE: This software is sample software. It is not designed or intended for use in any medical, life-saving or life-sustaining systems, transportation systems, nuclear systems, or for any other mission-critical application in which the failure of the system could lead to critical injury or death. The software may not be fully tested and may contain bugs or errors; it may not be intended or suitable for commercial release. No regulatory approvals for the software have been obtained, and therefore software may not be certified for use in certain countries or environments. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Sudoku Game in Java Predicting User Activity in Devices Using an Accelerometer with the Intel® Edison Board Sudoku game using Java Mobile Messaging with Twilio Arduino 101 Bluetooth Low Energy SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161118.1 | Last Updated 16 Nov 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,598,288 members (60,443 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as edisonNode.jsIoT Stats 1.3K views 1 bookmarked Posted 16 Nov 2016 Predicting User Activity in Devices Using an Accelerometer with the Intel® Edison Board Intel Corporation, 16 Nov 2016 CPOL This project describes how to recognize certain types of human physical activities using acceleration data generated from the ADXL345 accelerometer connected to the Intel® Edison board. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. This project describes how to recognize certain types of human physical activities using acceleration data generated from the ADXL345 accelerometer connected to the Intel® Edison board. Human activity recognition has a wide range of applications especially in wearables. The data collected can be used monitoring patient activity, exercise patterns in athletes, fitness tracking and so on. We will be using support vector machine learning algorithm to achieve this. The project is implemented using the LIBSVM library and done separately in both Python and node.js. The set of activities to be recognized are running, walking, going up/down a flight of stairs and resting. We collect the accelerometer data over a set of intervals, extract the features which in this case are the acceleration values along the x,y and z axes. We then use this data for building a training model that will do the activity classification. The project code can be downloaded from Download Hardware Implementation The diagram below shows the pin connection for the ADXL345 to the Intel® Edison board. Part 1. Python Implementation Setting up LIBSVM Download the LIBSVM library and transfer the LibSVM zipped folder to the Intel® Edison board root directory using WINSCP. Then extract it by running: tar –xzf libsvm-3.21.tar.gz Run make in libsvm-3.21 directory Run make in libsvm-3.21/python directory Create the predict-activity.py python script in the libsvm-3.21/python directory Reading data from the ADXL345 accelerometer import pyupm_adxl345 as adxl345
# Create an I2C accelerometer object
adxl = adxl345.Adxl345(0)
while True:
    adxl.update() # Update the data
    raw = adxl.getRawValues() # Read raw sensor data
    force = adxl.getAcceleration() # Read acceleration force (g)
   
    forceX=format(force[0],'.2f')
    forceY=format(force[1],'.2f')
    forceZ=format(force[2],'.2f')

sleep(2) Classifying the various activities The training file contains instances of the various activities classified as; 0-walking 1-running/jogging 2-up/down staircase 3-resting Below is the screenshot of a small section of the training file Running a grid search to determine the best value for C The parameter C controls the tradeoff between errors of the SVM on training data and margin maximization. C is used during the training phase and says how much outliers are taken into account in calculating Support Vectors. from svmutil import *
import numpy as nu

param = svm_parameter("-q -h 0")
y, x = svm_read_problem('activity.ds')
problem = svm_problem(y[:100], x[:100])
results = []
for c in range(-10,20):
  for g in range(-10,5):
    param.C, param.gamma = 2**c, 2**g
    m = svm_train(problem,param)
    p_lbl, p_acc, p_val = svm_predict(y[100:],x[100:],m)
    results.append([param.C, param.gamma, p_acc[0]])

bestIdx = nu.argmax(nu.array(results)[:,2])

print results[bestIdx] Classifying various user activities #load the LIBSVM shared library:
from svmutil import *
#Construct an svm_problem instance where the activity.ds is the dataset with the training data
y, x = svm_read_problem('activity.ds')
where y is the tuple of labels representing the various activities and x is a tuple of data instances representing acceleration values from x,y and z axes

m = svm_train(y[0:], x[0:], '-c 0.03125 -h 0 -b 1 -q')
#y[0:] and x[0:] means we train the model on the whole dataset array from the first instance[0] to the last
#-h disable shrinking heuristics
#-c : set the cost parameter C of C-SVC
#-q: quiet mode (no outputs)

values=[[float(forceX),float(forceY), float(forceZ)]]
#forceX,forceY and forceZ are data instances of the accelerometer values in x,y,z axes

 p_labels,p_acc,p_values = svm_predict([0]*len(values),values,m])
#pass the accelerometer values for prediction in the svm_predict() method which returns 
#p_labels: a list of predicted labels   p_acc: a tuple including accuracy and p_values: a list of decision values or probability estimates (if '-b 1' is specified)
print p_labels
#output the predicted labels to represent the predicted activity Part 2. Node.Js Implementation Create a new project directory in the board’s home root folder and install node-svm: npm install node-svm Copy the build and lib folder from the node-modules/node-svm to the project directory. Next install the packages required by node-svm by running: npm install <package-name> The packages are Stringify-object, Mout, Graceful-fs, Optimist, Osenv, Numeric, Q and underscore. Reading data from the ADXL345 accelerometer Reading data from the ADXL345 accelerometer
var adxl345 = require('jsupm_adxl345');
var adxl = new adxl345.Adxl345(0);

setInterval(function()
{
    adxl.update(); // Update the data
    var raw = adxl.getRawValues(); // Read raw sensor data
    var force = adxl.getAcceleration(); // Read acceleration force (g)
    var rawvalues = raw.getitem(0) + " " + raw.getitem(1) + " " + raw.getitem(2);
    //console.log("Raw Values: " + rawvalues);
    var forceX=force.getitem(0).toFixed(2);
    var forceY=force.getitem(1).toFixed(2);
    var forceZ=force.getitem(2).toFixed(2);

}, 2000); We can now write the code to classify user activity using the value of c we determined from running the grid search using Python in part 1. var so = require('stringify-object');
var svm = require('./lib');
var numeric = require('numeric');
var fs = require('fs');
var fileName = './activity.ds';

//create the classifier
var clf = new svm.CSVC({
    c: 0.03125,
    normalize: false,
    reduce: false,
});

//Build the training model
svm.read(fileName)
    .then(function (dataset) {
        return clf.train(dataset)
            .progress(function (progress) {
                console.log('training progress: %d%', Math.round(progress * 100));
            });
    })
    .spread(function (model, report) {
        console.log('SVM trained. \nReport:\n%s', so(report));
    }).done(function () {
        console.log('done.');
    });

//Classify data instance at some interval
var prediction=clf.predictSync([forceX, forceY, forceZ]);
var probability=clf.predictProbabilitiesSync([forceX, forceY, forceZ]);
console.log(prediction); Summary The project covers how to determine the training parameters of the classifier using a grid search and running the classifier to be able to accurately predict various activities using LIBSVM in both Python and node.js. SVMs require a lot for processing power and memory; the Intel® Edison board delivers effectively on these requirements thus making the project a success. What will you make? License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Predicting user activity in devices using an accelerometer with the Intel® Edison Board Mobile Messaging with Twilio Gesture Recognization For IoT In Intel Edison Using 3 axis Digital Accelerometer SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161118.1 | Last Updated 16 Nov 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,598,288 members (60,443 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as ArduinoAndroidIoT Stats 1.7K views 2 bookmarked Posted 16 Nov 2016 Arduino 101 Bluetooth Low Energy Intel Corporation, 16 Nov 2016 CPOL In this article we will discuss how to create a BLEservice and communicate with an Android device. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction Bluetooth* Low Energy (Bluetooth LE or BLE) is a low-power, short-range wireless communication technology that is ideal for use on the Internet of Things (IoT). BLE is designed for small and distinct data transfer, providing a fast connection between client and server and a simple user interface, which makes it ideal for control and monitoring applications. Arduino 101* includes on-board Bluetooth LE to enable developers to interact with Bluetooth-enabled devices such as phones and tablets. We will discuss how to create a BLEservice and communicate with an Android device. We also set up a BLE blood pressure monitoring system to demonstrate the BLE capabilities of the Arduino 101*. Hardware Components The hardware components used in this project are listed below: Arduino 101* module Grove* - Starter Kit Plus A standard, A-plug-to-B-plug USB cable This project will use the angle rotary sensor from the Grove kit, as shown with the other components in Figure 1. For details on installing the Intel® Curie Boards and setting up the software development environment for the Arduino 101* platform, go to https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/fun-with-the-arduino-101-genuino-101. Figure 1: Arduino 101* with rotary angle sensor. Central and Peripheral Devices Bluetooth LE supports two major roles for networked devices: central and peripheral. Central: A Bluetooth device such as smart phone, tablet, or PC that initiates an outgoing connection request to an advertising peripheral device. Once connected to the peripheral, the central device can exchange data, read values from the peripheral device, and execute commands on the peripheral devices. Peripheral: A BLE device that accepts an incoming connection request after advertising. It gathers and publishes data for other devices to consume. The central device communicates with peripherals through advertising packages. Peripheral devices send out the advertisements, and the central device scans for advertisements. Figure 2: Central and peripheral device communication. Generic Attribute Profile (GATT) The Arduino 101* Bluetooth LE is based on the Generic Attribute Profile (GATT) architecture. GATT defines a hierarchical data structure that is exposed to connected Bluetooth LE devices. The GATT profile is a way of specifying small transmission data over the BLE link. These small data transmissions over a BLE link are called attributes. The GATT is built on top of the Attribute Protocol (ATT). The ATT transports the attributes and the attributes are formatted as characteristics and services. To learn more about the Bluetooth LE and GATT, see https://www.bluetooth.com/what-is-bluetooth-technology/bluetooth-technology-basics/low-energy and https://www.bluetooth.com/specifications/gatt. Peripheral Data Structure In the GATT architecture, data is organized into services and characteristics. A Service is a set of features that encapsulate the behavior of the peripheral device. Characteristics are defined attributes of the service that provide additional information about it. For example, the characteristics of the blood pressure service are blood pressure measurement, intermediate cuff pressure, and blood pressure feature. Figure 3: Bluetooth service and characteristics relationship. Creating a Blood Pressure BLE Service To create a BLE service, you’ll need to know the service number and a corresponding characteristic number. On the Bluetooth page, choose GATT Specifications -> Services for the full list of GATT-based services. Figure 4: Bluetooth GATT Specification pull down menu. Select the blood pressure service and get the service number for the BLEService constructor. Figure 5: Bluetooth services. On the Bluetooth page, select GATT Specifications -> Characteristics to access the blood pressure characteristics number. Figure 6: Bluetooth characteristics. Next, include the Arduino 101* CurieBLE library components to enable communication and interaction with other Bluetooth* devices. You can find the open-source CurieBLE library at https://github.com/01org/corelibs-arduino101. #include <CurieBLE.h>
BLEPeripheral blePeripheral;                // BLE Peripheral Device
BLEService bloodPressureService("1810");    // Blood Pressure Service 
// BLE Blood Pressure Characteristic"
BLECharacteristic bloodPressureChar("2A35",  // standard 16-bit characteristic UUID
BLERead | BLENotify, 2);     // remote clients will be able to
// get notifications if this characteristic changes Set a local name for the peripheral BLE device. When the phone (central device) connects to this peripheral Bluetooth* device, the local name will appear on the phone to identify the connected peripheral. blePeripheral.setLocalName("BloodPressureSketch");
blePeripheral.setAdvertisedServiceUuid(bloodPressureService.uuid());  // add the service UUID
blePeripheral.addAttribute(bloodPressureService);   // Add the BLE Blood Pressure service
blePeripheral.addAttribute(bloodPressureChar);       // add the blood pressure characteristic Connect the blood pressure device to analog pin A0 of the Arduino 101* platform. For this example, use the angle rotary sensor to simulate the blood pressure device. int pressure = analogRead(A0);
int bloodPressure = map(pressure, 0, 1023, 0, 100); Update the blood pressure measurement characteristic. This updated blood pressure value will be seen by the central device. For example, if the phone is connected to the peripheral blood pressure device, the phone can read the updated blood pressure value through an Android app. bloodPressureChar.setValue(bloodPressureCharArray, 2); Android Device Communicates with Arduino Sensor The peripheral communicates with the central Android device through Bluetooth* advertising. In advertising, the peripheral device broadcasts packages to every device around it. The central device scans and connects to the peripheral device to receive data and get more information. Follow the steps below to enable communication between the Android device and Arduino sensor. Enabled Bluetooth on the Android device. There are many free BLE Android apps available on Google Play. Search for BLE on Google Play and install a BLE Android app on the Android device. Start the BLE Android app. Scan and connect to the BloodPressureSketch peripheral. Read or write the blood pressure value. Figure 7 shows an example of an Android device scan for the BloodPressureSketch peripheral. Figure 7: Android device scans for BLE service. Turn the rotary angle sensor to see the blood pressure value change on the screen of Android device. Develop an Android Application Visit http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth-le.html for detailed information on developing your own Android app that communicates with the peripheral through the Arduino 101* platform. If you are new to Android, go to https://developer.android.com/training/basics/firstapp/index.html for instructions on creating an Android project and building your first Android app. Example Arduino IDE Sketch Code sample 1, below, provides sample code for blood pressure measurement. Open the serial console to see the resulting output. #include <CurieBLE.h>

/*
   This sketch example partially implements the standard Bluetooth Low-Energy Battery service.
   For more information: https://developer.bluetooth.org/gatt/services/Pages/ServicesHome.aspx
*/

/*  */
BLEPeripheral blePeripheral;                // BLE Peripheral Device (the board you're programming)
BLEService bloodPressureService("1810");    // Blood Pressure Service


// BLE Blood Pressure Characteristic"
//BLECharacteristic bloodPressureChar("2A49",  // standard 16-bit characteristic UUID
BLECharacteristic bloodPressureChar("2A35",  // standard 16-bit characteristic UUID
    BLERead | BLENotify, 2);     // remote clients will be able to
// get notifications if this characteristic changes

int oldBloodPressure = 0;   // last blood pressure reading from analog input
long previousMillis = 0;    // last time the blood pressure was checked, in ms

void setup() {
  Serial.begin(9600);       // initialize serial communication
  pinMode(13, OUTPUT);      // initialize the LED on pin 13 to indicate when a central is connected

  /* Set a local name for the BLE device
     This name will appear in advertising packets
     and can be used by remote devices to identify this BLE device
     The name can be changed but maybe be truncated based on space left in advertisement packet */
  blePeripheral.setLocalName("BloodPressureSketch");
  blePeripheral.setAdvertisedServiceUuid(bloodPressureService.uuid());  // add the service UUID
  blePeripheral.addAttribute(bloodPressureService);   // Add the BLE Blood Pressure service
  blePeripheral.addAttribute(bloodPressureChar); // add the blood pressure characteristic
  
  const unsigned char charArray[2] = { 0, (unsigned char)0 };
  bloodPressureChar.setValue(charArray, 2);   // initial value for this characteristic

  /* Now activate the BLE device.  It will start continuously transmitting BLE
     advertising packets and will be visible to remote BLE central devices
     until it receives a new connection */
  blePeripheral.begin();
  Serial.println("Bluetooth device active, waiting for connections...");
}

void loop() {
  // listen for BLE peripherals to connect:
  BLECentral central = blePeripheral.central();

  // if a central is connected to peripheral:
  if (central) {
    Serial.print("Connected to central: ");
    // print the central's MAC address:
    Serial.println(central.address());
    // turn on the LED to indicate the connection:
    digitalWrite(13, HIGH);

    // check the blood pressure mesurement every 200ms
    // as long as the central is still connected:
    while (central.connected()) {
      long currentMillis = millis();
      // if 200ms have passed, check the blood pressure mesurement:
      if (currentMillis - previousMillis >= 200) {
        previousMillis = currentMillis;
        updateBloodPressure();
      }
    }
    // when the central disconnects, turn off the LED:
    digitalWrite(13, LOW);
    Serial.print("Disconnected from central: ");
    Serial.println(central.address());
  }
}

void updateBloodPressure() {
  /* Read the current voltage mesurement on the A0 analog input pin.
     This is used here to simulate the blood pressure.
  */
  int pressure = analogRead(A0);
  int bloodPressure = map(pressure, 0, 1023, 0, 100);

  // If the blood pressure has changed
  if (bloodPressure != oldBloodPressure) {      
    Serial.print("The current blood pressure is: ");
    Serial.println(bloodPressure);
    const unsigned char bloodPressureCharArray[2] = { 0, (unsigned char)bloodPressure };
    // Update the blood pressure measurement characteristic
    bloodPressureChar.setValue(bloodPressureCharArray, 2);
    // Save the measurement for next comparison  
    oldBloodPressure = bloodPressure;           
  }
} Code Sample 1: Blood pressure sample code for Arduino IDE. Summary This document summarized how the Arduino 101* platform communicates with an Android device and described the steps for creating the BLE Service. See https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/CurieBLE for more examples of using BLE in the Arduino IDE. If you are interested in the Arduino 101* platform, browse to http://www.intel.com/buy/us/en/product/emergingtechnologies/intel-arduino-101-497161 for more information. Helpful References Intel® Developer Zone: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/home Intel® Curie: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/curie Arduino 101* hardware: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoBoard101 https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Arduino101 https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/fun-with-the-arduino-101-genuino-101 Grove* - Starter Kit Plus: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/devkit Android Bluetooth LE: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth-le.html Bluetooth*: https://developer.bluetooth.org/gatt/services/Pages/ServicesHome.aspx https://www.bluetooth.com/what-is-bluetooth-technology Bluetooth library: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/CurieBLE About the Author Nancy Le is a software engineer at Intel Corporation in the Software and Services Group working on Intel® Atom™ processor scale-enabling project License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Fun with the Arduino 101 - Genuino 101 Intel Edison® to Microsoft Azure Part 1 Getting to Know the Arduino 101 Platform Mobile Messaging with Twilio Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161118.1 | Last Updated 16 Nov 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,598,288 members (60,443 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as edisonAzureIoT Stats 1.4K views Posted 16 Nov 2016 Intel Edison® to Microsoft Azure Part 1 Intel Corporation, 16 Nov 2016 CPOL The following use case will provide you with an example of how to implement an IoT solution so that value can be gained through an IoT deployment, using the power of interconnectivity between the board, the gateway and the cloud. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Once you've moved past prototype development stage, you might find yourself in the position to deploy an actual IoT solution for your business product. Let’s say you own a transportation of goods company, that has to deliver food and other temperature sensitive products to shops throughout the country. Storage and transportation conditions such as temperature and moisture contribute greatly to the loss of food, as it provides favorable conditions for pests or mold multiplications. One very efficient solution to this problem is to use IoT devices such as the Intel® Edison board to capture the temperatures in these storage devices, the gateway to gather the information and route it appropriately, and Microsoft Azure* to store the information and analyze it so you can get valuable feedback. The following use case will provide you with an example of how to implement an IoT solution so that value can be gained through an IoT deployment, using the power of interconnectivity between the board, the gateway and the cloud. We will dive into detailing the implementation process of the prototype of our solution, with this use case in mind. Using Microsoft Azure*, the Intel® Edison board, and Intel® IoT Gateway Technology To create a high value solution for the temperature problem described, we need to setup the board, the gateway and Azure*. The following sections address setup for Intel® Edison boards, Microsoft Azure, and Wyse* 3000 Series x86-Embedded Desktop Thin Client. Intel® Edison board The Intel® Edison board runs a simple Yocto* linux distribution and can be programmed using Node.js*, Python*, Arduino*, C, or C++. For this use case we used the Intel® Edison board and Arduino breakout board, a Seeed* Studio Grove* Starter Kit Plus (Gen 2), a base shield, and many sensors to get started with. The first time you use your Intel® Edison board you have to configure it, flash it to the latest firmware, and test it. In order to do so you can access this simple Getting Started Guide. Working with the IDE and Wi-Fi Now that you have set up your Intel® Edison board, you can start programming it. You can choose the programming language and IDE that you want and you have to load up one of the blink examples in order to test if everything is set: For Arduino: Arduino For C/C++: Eclipse for C/C++ For Javascript: Intel® XDK IoT Edition For Java: Eclipse for Java In order to finish the setup you need to follow a few more steps: Open the device manager again and find out on which COM port is the Intel® Edison Virtual COM Port and set the port in the IDE. Load up the blink example and if everything went well so far, the on-board LED should start blinking. To connect with Wi-Fi, open Putty, and once you login, type configure_edison --wifi. Work through the setup process and use the guide to connect to your Wi-Fi network (See Get Started with Intel® Edison on Windows). Microsoft Azure Setting up an Azure Event Hub For this setup, the free trial version will be used. You need to sign in with a Microsoft account. After signing in, click on Sign up for a free trial. In the next tab, you have to fill in information about yourself, including credit card data. Do not worry, you will not be charged if you do not specifically say so. After clicking the Sign up button at the bottom of the page, the Azure Portal Homepage will appear. Click on New in the top left corner - Internet of Things – Event Hub. First you need to create a namespace, click on Service Bus on the left and then CREATE at the bottom Fill in the required information and then click the check sign Now our namespace was created. Next, we need to create the Event Hub. Make sure you have selected the Service Bus tab on the left and then click on New on the bottom-left Next, select App Services – Service Bus – Event Hub Next, click on Quick create and fill in the required information Now you should be able to see on your screen something like this in your portal, under the Service Bus tab : You will need to further configure your Event Hub. Click on your namespace, and you’ll be prompted with the following window: Click on Event Hubs tab, you will see on your screen your Event Hub: Click on the event hub and then click on Configure You will now need to create a new shared access policy for your Hub, make sure you select Manage from the permissions tab Now you will have to create a consumer group. At your created Hub, click on the Consumer Groups tab and then click on Create. Name your group and click the checkmark Your namespace must also have a key defined, return to the namespace (the Service bus tab on the left), click on Configure and then, under Shared access policies type in a key name and make sure you check Manage Click on the Service bus tab again, then click on Connection information at the bottom (make sure you have selected your namespace) Here you can see your namespaces and their keys: If you return to your Event Hub’s dashboard after you begin sending messages to it from the gateway, you will see something like this: The event hub dashboard is just a way to check if the data was received correctly, see the bandwidth of those messages and check if you are getting errors. To work with the data you will need to read it from the event hub through an application using the many different SDKs that Microsoft offers (for an example see the section below on How to use features of Azure services - Notifications). Also, a full explanation of how to read data from Intel® Edison board and sending it to the just created Event Hub using an IoT Gateway can be found in the How to take the developed solution from the board to the gateway and to the cloud section. SDKs for Microsoft Azure IoT The most popular language to develop apps for Azure is C# but if you want to use other languages and platforms visit GitHub. Setting up the gateway Wyse* 3000 Series x86-Embedded Desktop Thin Client Regulatory model number: N03D The gateway connects legacy and new systems, and enables seamless and secure data flow between edge devices and the cloud. We take data from the Intel® Edison board and send it to the gateway, and the gateway sends the data to the cloud as an event. In the next section we detail the setup process for the gateway. The new Wyse* 3000 Series x86-embedded thin client has a powerful performance at an entry-level price. It has a dual-core Intel processor with 1.6GHz, an integrated graphics engine, and multiple connectivity choices. Its various configuration options support a wide variety of peripherals and interfaces, along with unified communications platforms such as Lync 2010, Lync 2013 and the Skype for Business client for Lync 2015 (UI mode) plus high-fidelity protocols such as RemoteFX and Citrix* HDX. In order to get started, see the quick start guide. To get your thin client up and running, you must do the following: Make sure that the thin client and the monitor are turned off and disconnected from AC power. Place the thin client on the desk after you attach feet for vertical or horizontal position. Assemble the VESA mount with user-supplied screws, and insert the thin client; try to put the cables facing down or to the side. Make all desired connections. In order to connect to a network, you can use a Base-T Ethernet network cable. If your device is equipped with a SFP slot, use a SFP module, or use an optional Wi-Fi network adapter for wireless networks. Connect the power adapter to the thin client power input before connecting to a 100-240V AC. You must wait until the power button light turns off, and then, for turning on the thin client, you need to press the power button. After the initialization sequence is complete, the activity light changes to green. This article is continued in Industrial Use Case Part 2. Additional Links From Intel® Edison to Microsoft Azure* What is Azure*? Getting Started with Microsoft Azure* Use Case: From Intel® Edison to Microsoft Azure* Part 1 Use Case: From Intel® Edison to Microsoft Azure* Part 2 License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Intel® IoT Analytics with the Intel® Edison Board Mobile Messaging with Twilio IoT-VR with Unity,Intel Edison SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog 10 Ways to Boost COBOL Application Development Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161118.1 | Last Updated 16 Nov 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Have you heard of Phoronix Premium? It's what complements advertisements on this site for our premium ad-free service. For as little as $3 USD per month, you can help support our site while the funds generated allow us to keep doing Linux hardware reviews, performance benchmarking, maintain our community forums, and much more. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. More Intel ANV Vulkan Code Hits Mesa Git, Other Patches Pending Written by Michael Larabel in Vulkan on 16 November 2016 at 03:10 PM EST. Add A Comment Just under 50 Intel Vulkan driver related commits hit Mesa master a short time ago plus other "ANV" Vulkan driver improvements are still pending. Among the changes include a lot of work on the anv/pipeline code, enabling vertex shader statistics for Gen8 hardware, unifying a lot of code, a number of fixes, a rework to how render target surfaces are allocated, support for vertex shaders in the blorp code, and other changes. Fetch the latest Mesa Git code for all of these newest Intel Vulkan driver improvements. Meanwhile, published on the Mesa mailing list for review was input attachments support for the Intel Vulkan driver. For those unfamiliar with Vulkan input attachments, they are described by the documentation as, "nn input attachment is an image view that can be used for pixel local load operations from within fragment shaders bound to pipelines. Loads from input attachments are unfiltered. All image formats that are supported for color attachments or depth/stencil attachments for a given image tiling mode are also supported for input attachments." Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Vulkan News Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan Hits New Milestone Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Vulkan 1.0.33 Has More Documentation Fixes, New Scripts Croteam Updates Talos Principle With Better Vulkan Performance & Stability Intel Vulkan Driver Lands Major Performance Boost, RADV Lands GPU Hang Fixes OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan Popular News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME 3.22.2 Released GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Latest Linux News Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9 Has Tear-Free PRIME Offloading Between Intel & AMDGPU POWER8 Talos Workstation Drops Price Slightly, Long Way From Being Funded WSL-Distribution-Switcher Swaps Out Ubuntu For Other Distros On Windows Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Now Has Patches For Fast Clears Enhanced File Stats Being Worked On For The Linux Kernel GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan Hits New Milestone New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau EGL_ANDROID_native_fence_sync Patches For Mesa Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump originally called Schumer 'cunning' in deleted tweet News — 8m 38s ago Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets first public backer House — 36m 39s ago Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Campaign — 50m ago Search for secretary of State appears to narrow Campaign — 50m 41s ago Kerry: 'We all must do more to protect transgender persons' News — 1h 2m ago Obama, Putin have brief conversation at APEC summit News — 1h 15m ago Building the BRICS of the Paris Agreement Energy & Environment — 1h 28m ago Jack Keane declined offer to be Defense secretary: report Campaign — 1h 29m ago view all Shakeup on Senate Intel: Warner becomes top Dem By Julian Hattem - 11/16/16 01:39 PM EST   © Getty Images A shakeup among Democrats has positioned Sen. Mark WarnerMark WarnerOvernight Tech: Lawmakers dig into internet security | FCC drops agenda items | Twitter cracks down on alt right | Intel shakeup Shakeup on Senate Intel: Warner becomes top Dem The Hill's 12:30 Report MORE (Va.) as the top minority voice on the Senate Intelligence Committee, a key role overseeing the nation’s spies. Warner, who joined the panel in 2012, ascends to the role of vice chairman following Sen. Dianne FeinsteinDianne FeinsteinDem senator backing Sessions for attorney general Dems pledge to fight Sessions nomination Overnight Defense: Trump transition team contacts Pentagon | Bill would ban National Guard bonus clawbacks MORE’s (D-Calif.) decision to replace Sen. Patrick LeahyPatrick LeahyDem senator backing Sessions for attorney general Dems pledge to fight Sessions nomination Dem senators charge: Trump not draining the swamp MORE (D-Vt.) as ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. Leahy this year opted to become the senior Democrat on the powerful Appropriations Committee. ADVERTISEMENT “With a new administration starting to assemble its national security team, I look forward to fulfilling the committee’s primary responsibility to provide vigorous and bipartisan oversight,” Warner said in a statement. “One of things I value most about my service on the Intelligence Committee is the tradition of members leaving partisanship at the door when we enter the committee room. “In a dangerous world, the responsibilities of the Intelligence Committee are more essential than ever.”  As ranking member of the panel, Warner will work along with Chairman Richard BurrRichard BurrDems pledge to fight Sessions nomination Battle for the Senate: Top of ticket dominates Shakeup on Senate Intel: Warner becomes top Dem MORE (R-N.C.) to guide oversight of the CIA, National Security Agency (NSA) and other secretive intelligence agencies. The panel will have a key role to play in 2017 as lawmakers contemplate whether to reauthorize a key portion of the 2008 update to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which undergirds controversial NSA data collection programs. The position is a natural fit for Warner. Virginia is home to a number of spy agency headquarters and offices, including those of the CIA, the National Reconnaissance Office and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. The FBI’s academy in Quantico and the CIA’s covert training facility known as “the farm” are both also located in the commonwealth. Tags Dianne Feinstein, Patrick Leahy, Richard Burr, Mark Warner   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Bolton warns Obama on Israel... Former U.N. ambassador says world leaders "very interested" in Trump. 1,053 Shares 2 Schumer threatens filibuster if... Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Trump should pick a "... 1,000 Shares 3 Pence: I 'wasn't offended' by... Trump is "preparing to be the president of all of the people of the United... 958 Shares 4 Melania and Barron Trump won't... "The campaign has been difficult for Barron, and she is really hoping to... 650 Shares 5 Trump blasts SNL: 'It is a totally... The president-elect has taken issue with the show in the past. 635 Shares 6 Schumer vows 'tough vetting' for... Democrats have pledged to fight Trump's pick for attorney general. 328 Shares 7 Outsiders take power in Trump's... People once confined to the political fringes will be at the center of... 300 Shares 8 Five things to know about Trump's... Buzz is growing around President-elect Trump's plans for a massive... 288 Shares 9 Silicon Valley makes nice with... The two sides battled during the campaign, but now tech leaders want to... 284 Shares 10 Alec Baldwin shoots down Trump's... "There is no more equal time." 200 Shares 11 Trump hits 'highly overrated' '... President-elect Donald Trump early Sunday again called on the cast and... 162 Shares 12 Alec Baldwin returns as Trump on ‘... Trump in the skit meets with a variety of officials, including Mitt Romney. 156 Shares 13 Who is Tim Ryan? A closer look at... The 43-year-old from northeastern Ohio has many of the attributes Dems say... 115 Shares 14 Jack Keane declined offer to be... Retired four-star Army Gen. Jack Keane said he was offered the position of... 104 Shares 15 Trump meets with Indian business... Trump vowed to hand off his business to his three adult children in a... 99 Shares 16 Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Henry Kissinger says Donald Trump is the “most unique” president-elect in... 98 Shares 17 Federal judge at citizenship... “He will be your president and if you do not like that, you need to go to... 84 Shares 18 Trump worried about keeping phone... Trump has reportedly voiced concern about being isolated from friends. 82 Shares 19 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 78 Shares 20 Chrissy Teigen shreds Trump for... "Look who wants a f--king safe space now." 75 Shares 21 Search for secretary of State... Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney are said to be the two favorites for the job... 73 Shares 22 McCain warns Trump on waterboarding McCain says he doesn't "give a damn" what president wants to do. 68 Shares 23 Trump ripped into Christie by... Trump and Christie spoke by phone shortly before Christie was replaced as... 68 Shares 24 Barney Frank admits 'mistake' in... Former congressman says namesake legislation should have been more lenient... 63 Shares 25 Reports from Standing Rock detail... OPINION | The standoff has turned ugly for many of the protesters,... 62 Shares 26 Bannon: 'I'm not a white... "Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power." 53 Shares 27 Dem rep would 'love' Mitt Romney... "In this new world, I would love Mitt Romney at the State Department." 52 Shares 28 Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets... Rep. Tim Ryan, the Ohio Democrat challenging House Minority Leader Nancy... 51 Shares 29 Fox News anchor in discussions for... Eric Bolling is reportedly in discussions to join Trump administration.  51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop Reviews 6 Review: Medion Akoya S3409 Ultrabook by Tarinder Sandhu on 16 November 2016, 13:45 Tags: Medion Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qada2j Add to My Vault: Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing Methodology 3 - Benchmarks: CPU 4 - Benchmarks: Memory 5 - Benchmarks: Storage 6 - Benchmarks: System 7 - Benchmarks: Display 8 - Benchmarks: Vitals, Battery Life 9 - Conclusion Introduction Remember when Intel proclaimed that ultrabooks were the next great thing. A $300m war chest, ostensibly for marketing, was earmarked to stave the threat from from Apple in the premium space. Five years on and the ultrabooks still have yet to get massive traction. Now, however, a number of high-profile companies have released some alluring designs. The Dell XPS 13 looks lovely while the Razer Blade Stealth, released the other week, has a super-slim profile and a neat trick of attaching to an external graphics box for proper gaming thrills and spills. For those that want all the basic ingredients of what makes an ultrabook attractive in our eyes - slim profile, low weight, all-day battery life - but don't want to pay through the nose, there are a number of options for late 2016, all bolstered by the latest Intel platform technology known as Kaby Lake. Medion is playing in this field with the just-released Akoya S3409 ultrabook - a 13.3in model featuring 7th generation Intel technology and either a full-HD (1,920x1,080) or QHD+ (3,200x1,800) screen. Priced from £649, let's take a closer look. Measuring 320mm wide, 212mm deep and 17.5mm high at its thickest point, Medion employs a mixture of plastic on the bottom and around the thick screen bezel while brushed aluminium features across the keyboard and lid. The premium looks and feel around the sunken keyboard is accentuated by raised edges and excellent fit and finish on both sides. It's also kept clean by having a small power button located on the right-hand edge. Build quality varies across this ultrabook. It's well put together for the most part, and the hinges have a smooth motion when opening the lid. What's not so good is the flex around the trackpad and middle of the chiclet keyboard when even a moderate amount of force is applied. The typing surface is interesting insofar as there is a column of keys to the right of Enter. Though we appreciate Medion trying to fit more in we're of the belief that this is a mistake; the Enter should definitely be the right-most key on any good board. Key travel, however, is better, and the S3409 is decent to type on for extended periods. What's more, the keys are backlit, in up to four levels of brightness, for easy navigation in darker environments. We like the spaces between them, too. Medion's multi-gesture trackpad is shifted over the left in a move that we find unusual. While clicking on the main section poses no problems, the actuation point of the two lower buttons is woolly at best. They're not primed for fast, precise inputs and a lot more force is required to ensure the click. This is one area where the S3409 could really improve in, but we understand that design limitations are imposed by the original manufacturer of the chassis. The board surface has a perforated section at the top where keyboard meets screen and this is where the S3409's speakers punch out a surprisingly loud tune through the Dolby-certified duo. Inevitably they naturally lack the heft found in larger laptops. The low-power nature of the ultrabook, meanwhile, means the chassis rarely gets overly warm to the touch.   There's a choice of Kaby Lake processors, from Core i3-7100U to Core i5-7200U and Core i7-7500U. Don't be fooled by their designation because all three use a dual-core, quad-threaded CPU architecture - in other words, you don't sacrifice a great deal by choosing the lower-spec models. The trio uses a standard 15W TDP and is supported by either 4GB (Core i3) or 8GB of dual-channel DDR3 memory. No room for discrete graphics means the trio relies on the integrated GPU instead. Medion does shoehorn in the latest 802.11ac networking chip, Wireless-AC 8265, from Intel, however. Under the hood, our Core i5 sample shipped with 8GB of memory, a 256GB SATA-connected Phison SSD, and the full-HD version of the non-touch 13.3in IPS panel, and this combination is soon to be selling for a £700 ticket price. We'll talk more about the screen in the relevant section of the benchmarks, suffice to say that it produces a punchy, vivid picture that's helped by having a matte coating. A large bottom bezel does detract from the overall aesthetic - this is really a chassis for a 14in screen - while the top is punctuated by a 720p webcam. Medion keeps it modern on the input front. Two USB 3.0 sit alongside HDMI 2.0 and an SD card reader. On the other side, with nothing in between due to the way the hinge comes over, a single USB Type-C is sensible. Being picky, Thunderbolt 3 would have been nice at this price point. What else? A three-cell, 43Wh battery is normal capacity for a chassis this size. The accompanying charger adds an extra 376g to the travel weight and brings it up to a still-portable 1.63kg. Being a large-scale manufacturer there are inevitable tie-ups to software on top of the Windows 10 install. McAfee's LiveSafe is the biggest 'culprit' in this regard. Backed by a two-year warranty and looking to tempt those of you who can't stretch to the the real premium tier for portable computing, Medion puts up a good showing in paper. Let's now see how well it translates to benchmark performance. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing Methodology 3 - Benchmarks: CPU 4 - Benchmarks: Memory 5 - Benchmarks: Storage 6 - Benchmarks: System 7 - Benchmarks: Display 8 - Benchmarks: Vitals, Battery Life 9 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 18 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU 4 4 Corsair Harpoon RGB 0 5 Nvidia releases GeForce Game Ready 375.86 WHQL drivers 7 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 110 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 18 4 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 17 5 AOC AGON AG271QX 8 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,210 Forum posts: 2,559,115 Forum threads: 246,665 Currently active users: 604 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Intel Will Invest $250 Million To Develop Self-Driving Cars By Adnan Farooqui on 11/16/2016 07:14 PST Intel made an important announcement at the Los Angeles Auto Show. The company’s CEO Brian Krzanich revealed during his keynote speech that Intel is going to invest more than $250 million over the next two years to develop self-driving cars. That’s a big chunk of money and it shows that Intel is very serious about competing in the automobile market of the future. It’s certainly not the only company spending hundreds of millions of dollars on this agenda so it’s not like Intel won’t have to deal with rivals. Don’t think that just because it’s investing almost a quarter of a billion dollars into this project that Intel will start building its own self-driving car from scratch. It’s actually going to be building the technology that’s going to power self-driving cars. The company has said that this investment is going to help “push the boundaries on next-generation connectivity, communication, context awareness, deep learning, security, safety and more.” So basically, what this means is that Intel is going to spend this money to create new technology that effectively processes data that’s crucial for self-driving cars to function. It’s going to provide the technology to companies like BMW who are already working with the chipmaker on cars of the future. Intel aims to power fully self-driving cars, ones that are capable of going from point A to point B without requiring any input from the human driver. Filed in Transportation. Read more about Intel and self-driving cars. Source: newsroom.intel Related Articles 2016-11-18 Intel Rumored To Be Stepping Back From Wearables 2016-11-18 Some 15-inch MacBook Pros Are Misreporting The GPUs Inside It 2016-11-18 iPhone 7 On Verizon’s Network Not Performing As Well As It Could 2016-11-18 BMW & Baidu End Joint Research On Self-Driving Cars 2016-11-01 Possible Reason Why The MacBook Pros Are Capped At 16GB RAM 2016-06-30 Intel And BMW May Team Up For Self-Driving Cars Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter Nintendo Power Line Is Being Revived For A Few Days Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date, Specs, Features & News User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Intel makes $250 million bet on autonomous cars Written by Jamie Davies 4 days ago Like other tech giants from a bygone era, Intel has been on a quest to reposition itself as a champion in the digital era and it looks like the potentially lucrative market of autonomous vehicles is a favourite. Speaking at the LA Auto Show’s AutoMobility conference, CEO Brian Krzanich announced the company’s venture capitalist arm Intel Capital has made $250 million of new investment available for the segment over the next two years. The cash will target next-generation technologies focusing on connectivity, communication, context awareness, deep learning, security and safety amongst others. “When it comes to the car of the future and automated driving experiences, however, data is literally the new oil,” said Krzanich. “Data has the potential to radically change the way we think about the driving experience: as consumers, as automakers, as technologists and as citizens of our communities. “Today, I am excited to announce that Intel Capital is targeting more than $250 million of additional new investments over the next two years to make fully autonomous driving a reality.” While the rise of the internet and cloud computing has fuelled exceptional growth for companies such as AirBnB, Facebook, Uber and Salesforce, it has pushed former front runners such as Intel into the shadows. Intel is still a major player in the technology world, however the evolution of the digital era has eroded its influence somewhat. As such, Intel has been on a quest to re-establish its place at the top of the pecking order by getting in on the ground-floor of embryonic segments such as autonomous vehicles. The $250 million investment is a nice statement to make, however Intel has been sniffing around this arena for some time. In September, the team joined forces with seven other tech heavy weights to create the 5G Automotive Association, August saw it announce a partnership with Uber and Volvo, and July saw Intel tempt machine learning company Mobileye away from a partnership with Telsa to join forces with itself and BMW. The autonomous vehicles segment is looking very congested at this early stage and whether Intel has the oomph to make a dominant play remains to be seen. That said, the team are partnering with some of the right people, and a cheque for $250 million certainly adds credibility to the case. Tags: Autonomous Vehicles, digital transformation, Intel, IOT Mobile Networks / IoT and M2M Smart IoT Internet of Things World Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content How did Europe’s top 5 telcos measure up over Q3? Winners and losers will be defined by data agility - MapR Vodafone gets a scoot on with Yamaha IoT deal Ericsson reckons most operators are already doing 5G stuff Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 5 days ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 5 days ago Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 10 Nov 2016 Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Smart Cities Summit 06-07 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all How telecoms carriers can compete against the #OTT newcomers https://t.co/DyFMx2hlNn #operator #featured #operators 18 November 2016 @ 18:12:32 UTC #Salesforce summer spending spree succeeds https://t.co/TzD487yXu0 #cloud #acquisitions #artificialintelligence 18 November 2016 @ 13:40:02 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Axiomtek Press Release Receive press releases from Axiomtek: By Email RSS Feeds: Axiomteks Newest Compact Network Appliance for SOHO Network Security Applications  The NA345 Axiomtek releases its newest compact network appliance for small office/home office (SOHO) network security applications. City of Industry, CA, November 16, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the NA345, a compact network security appliance featuring the latest low power consumption Intel® Atom™ x5-E3930 processor (1.8 GHz), which is based on Intel®’s next generation entry-level Internet of Things Group (IoTG) platform with 14nm silicon process technology. This compact network appliance features four Gigabit Ethernet ports (Intel® i211 controller) and one optional pair LAN bypass to protect important communications during power outages – making it highly reliable and perfectly suited for small office/home office (SOHO) network security applications. For extensive storage needs, this network appliance also comes with one mSATA and 2.5” SATA hard disk drive. The compact NA345 is equipped with a low power consumption processor and high system stability to deliver significant benefits in performance and total cost of ownership, giving customers a higher return on their investment. This slim type network appliance is an ideal solution for VPNs, content filtering, Unified Threat Management systems (UTM), network security gateways, and firewalls. “To enhance network security reliability, the new NA345 supports data protection via one group latch-type LAN bypass function for fail-over option and features BIOS redirection to a console port,” said Product Manager Eva Wu. “The NA345 is a slim-type network appliance, perfect for space constricting environments while also providing extensive flexibility, scalability and field-proven reliability for all of your SOHO network security project needs.” The NA345 also comes with rich I/O options including two USB 3.0 ports, a serial console port, four RJ-45 console connectors and an HDMI port. The system’s internal PCI Express Mini Card socket enables the addition of Wi-Fi/3G/4G/LTE wireless cards for extensive communication options. The NA345 supports one DDR3L-1600 SO-DIMM slot with maximum of up to 8GB memory. Front-facing LED indicators are available for convenient monitoring of power, hard disk status, link activity with transfer rate, and LAN bypass. Moreover, to ensure reliable operation, the NA345 supports watchdog timer. This compact network communication platform is compatible with Windows® 10 and Linux (Yocto project) operating systems. NA345, Axiomtek’s 4-LAN network appliance, will be available in Q4 2016. For more product information or ODM/OEM projects, please visit us at us.axiomtek.com or contact one of our sales representatives at solutions@axiomtek.com. Main Features - Intel® Atom™ x5-E3930 processor up to 1.8 GHz - Supports up to 8GB DDR3L-1600 SO-DIMM system memory - EN 60950-1, FCC Class B and CE Class B certifications - Supports four 10/100/1000 Mbps Ethernet ports (maximum up to six Ethernet ports by request) - One pair LAN bypass (optional) - Supports Wi-Fi/3G/4G/LTE through PCI Express Mini Card - Supports BIOS redirection to COM port - Supports Windows® 10 and Linux operating systems - Slim and compact design in the size of 44 mm (1.73") (H) x 231.9 mm (9.00") (W) x 152mm (5.98") (D) About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Information Axiomtek Larry Wu 1-888-GO-AXIOM Contact us.axiomtek.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Axiomtek Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Automotive News 4 "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich by Mark Tyson on 16 November 2016, 12:01 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qada6n Add to My Vault: Intel CEO Brian Krzanich presented a keynote speech at the LA Auto Show's Automobility Conference yesterday. He was there to push his vision that "Data is the new oil," and that Intel is putting its data processing muscle into autonomous driving technology with a $250 million capital investment. Examining Krzanich's claim that "data is the new oil" is slightly cringe-inducing. "Without oil, a car engine overheats, pistons and rings fuse to the cylinder walls, the engine block cracks and, of course, there is no gas. You could say oil is the key technology that allowed the automotive world we know today," wrote the Intel CEO. He then made a philosophical jump to state that "When it comes to the car of the future and automated driving experiences, however, data is literally the new oil." Whether you agree with the above musings or not, data gathering and its fast, intelligent processing is going to be big for the automotive industry as several key industry players push to popularise more intelligent or even autonomous vehicles. Krzanich predicts that an autonomous vehicle will generate about 4TB of data per day, which needs fast processing to be useful. The data comes from three general input directions: Technical data from the car sensors such as; car speed, the whereabouts of other nearby road users, tracking and avoiding road obstacles, and so on. Outside-in data such as traffic or weather information. Personal data such as; the number of passengers and their various preferences for entertainment, routes, destinations, syncing with their devices and wearables etc. Intel is working to meet the challenge of these quickly generated but significantly sized data sets that need processing quickly and intelligently. With this in mind it announced $250 million in new investments over the next two years "to make fully autonomous driving a reality". Breaking down the target projects, Intel is looking at next-generation connectivity, communication, context awareness, deep learning, security, safety and more. Related Reading 10 Tesla announces Powerwall 2 and its 'hidden' Solar Roof tiles The new Powerwall 2 offers double the storage capacity of the previous version. 1 Intel announces the Falcon 8+ System commercial drone An octocopter based upon the AscTec Falcon 8 System, with Intel enhancements. 10 Nvidia showcases Xavier SoC, an AI supercomputer for cars This 16-nm FinFET SoC packs 8x ARM CPU cores and 512 Volta stream processors. Nissan uses its automotive AI tech to create self-queuing chairs Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU HEXUS Forums :: 4 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Corky34 - Wed 16 Nov 2016 14:10 If data is the new oil then hands off my oil. Posted by CAT-THE-FIFTH - Wed 16 Nov 2016 14:16 Corky34 If data is the new oil then hands off my oil. You need some democratizing then! Posted by Corky34 - Wed 16 Nov 2016 14:24 CAT-THE-FIFTH You need some democratizing then! Reporting for reeducation now sir. :D Posted by CAT-THE-FIFTH - Wed 16 Nov 2016 14:29 Corky34 Reporting for reeducation now sir. :D :p :D MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Raspberry Pi powered anti-tank rocket launcher prototype shown 15 2 Nanocoated cathode powders prevent Li-ion battery explosions 2 3 "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich 4 4 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows 3 1 QOTW: What do you wear on your wrist? 50 2 Raspberry Pi powered anti-tank rocket launcher prototype shown 15 3 "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich 4 4 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows 3 5 Nanocoated cathode powders prevent Li-ion battery explosions 2 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,210 Forum posts: 2,559,115 Forum threads: 246,665 Currently active users: 604 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
automotiveIT International Automotive IT News and Facts Home News Development Strategy Management Distribution & Retail Production & Logistics The Magazine Media Kit Social Wall About Us Contact us Subscribe Sie sind hier: Home»Auto show»At Intel, a greater focus on autonomous driving At Intel, a greater focus on autonomous driving November 16, 2016 Krzanich, speaking at the LA auto show, said “data is the new currency of the automotive world” (Photo: Intel) Intel will spend an additional 250 million dlrs on automotive technology, as the US company targets a potential high-growth market for its core semiconductor business. In a keynote address at the opening of the Los Angeles auto show, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich highlighted changes in mobility and the coming of the internet of things (IOT) as critical for his company’s future. He cited the large volumes of data that will be generated by autonomous vehicles as a challenge and an opportunity that Intel can help address. “We have to turn the data into an actionable set of insights to get the full value out of it,” Krzanich said in Los Angeles. “To do that requires an end-to-end computing solution from the car through the network and to the cloud, and strong connectivity.” Autonomous vehicles will generate volumes of data many times higher than the amounts produced by people today, Krzanich said. Each autonomous vehicle will generate about 4 GB of data a day, he predicted, adding that 1 million driverless cars will produce as much data as 3 billion people. “Just as oil has transformed our world over the last century, data is poised to transform our world for the next 100 years and beyond,” Krzanich said. Intel’s additional investment will focus on next-generation connectivity, communication, context awareness, deep learning, security and safety technologies. The company has been reducing its dependence on the personal computer market, for which it has been the leading chip provider for decades. As part of its new strategy, Intel wants to broaden its market for chips, invest more heavily in data-center technologies and get a foothold in new business areas such as automotive.   Rate this article   Read automotiveIT international magazine Related Articles ZF has 1st customer for Openmatics Wind River, Clarion collaborate on Android-based infotainment Toyota, Intel join forces on next-generation infotainment Toyota forms data science company Report shows connected car data, privacy vulnerabilities PDF VERSION · Print this page Tags: data, intel Share this article: LinkedIn Twitter Facebook E-Mail Our Websites Media-Manufaktur Corporate automotiveIT - Germany automotiveIT Kongress automotiveIT Forum Industrie 4.0 automotiveIT International business impact - Germany carIT - Germany carIT Kongress Poll Where will automakers get the greatest benefit from big data? Connected car and autonomous driving New, data-driven business models such as pay-as-you-go As the foundation for the smart factory and digital engineering View results Top-Interviews This free eBOOK is presented by NTT Data Events Recent Articles Toyota considers fuel-cell truck VW brand to invest in new business, cut work force by 30,000 At Intel, a greater focus on autonomous driving NXP works with Trillium on automotive cybersecurity software Samsung to buy Harman Automotive Summit: Industry tackling change on many fronts “Automakers have to make adjustments or they will fail” Renault, Chronocam cooperate to make cars see better McKinsey: IoT revenue to double in Germany On the road with DriveNow Latest Issue (German only) Order now © 2016 automotiveIT About Us Data Privacy Policy Imprint/Contact Media Kit AGB MENU Home News Development Strategy Management Distribution & Retail Production & Logistics The Magazine Media Kit Social Wall About Us Contact us Subscribe We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more
null
null
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Fiona Murphy, Frontend.com Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome Weekend takeaway: sci-tech women who have it all Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn GDPR is coming, but CFOs are blind to potential financial nightmare Big data country: Ireland among top European locations for investment Unlocked Android smartphones secretly send your data to China Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign Taskee named overall winner at Startup Weekend Dublin Phorest’s Ronan Perceval: ‘Start-ups should be under less pressure to sell’ Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era Margaret Hamilton and Grace Hopper awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom Cheap, foldable bicycle helmet wins international James Dyson Award 4 women making waves in the world of IoT What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars Irishman’s soft robotics exosuit wins major tech award Google wants to make AI smarter with your bad doodles Andy Caddy: IoT should start with a map of the customer journey How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 10 pieces of advice from science graduates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? 10 female founders who have turned science into a business How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Ray Nolan’s XSellco to create 40 new jobs 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world MetLife to open new global tech campus in Galway creating 200 jobs Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male Yet another Samsung phone has exploded, and it isn’t the Note7 Dust off your old photo album, Google wants to digitise it Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release 7 Christmas TV ads guaranteed to stir your emotions in 2016 Black Friday deals: More offers become available Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency ALL How can innovative smart materials improve battery life? Smart-farming demo at Tyndall Technology Days 2016 Breaking the internship stereotype at AOL, one project at a time Ireland is positioning itself for an influx of IoT companies Electrochemical energy storage making life easier and safer Materials science is revolutionising today’s medicine ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES Intel reveals how it plans to spend $250m on autonomous driving tech by Colm Gorey 4 days ago7 Shares Colourful long exposure shot. Image: logoboom/Shutterstock As part of its latest plans to advance the technology behind future autonomous vehicles, Intel has announced a $250m fund to be spread over the next two years. Intel and rivals like Google and Apple are all caught in a race to see who will develop the first truly autonomous vehicle, capable of transforming a market that has changed little in over a hundred years. The latest of these companies to announce an attempt to nudge itself one step closer to the finishing line is Intel, whose CEO Brian Krzanich revealed that the company plans to pump $250m into the technology over the next two years. Staggering amounts of data The announcement was made at the LA Auto Show Automobility conference, where Intel made its inaugural appearance at a line-up that is increasingly becoming more tech orientated with each passing year. The focus of the technology being developed, Krzanich said, will be on how these cars will handle a deluge of data in the coming decades. Among the sensors he highlighted as being crucial to the company’s development of an autonomous vehicle included advancing its cameras, radar, sonar, GPS and LIDAR. All of this data adds up, Krzanich said, to the point that it overshadows the amount of data we generate on a daily basis. While humans using their phones are expected to generate up to 1.5GB of data each day by 2020, he estimated that a single autonomous vehicle will generate approximately 4,000GB of data in the same period of time. Data will be the oil of the 21st century Intel has said it will use the funds to develop a car’s communication, context awareness, deep learning, security, safety and other as-yet unspecified areas. “Going forward, the automotive ecosystem must tackle three challenges when it comes to data: the size of data sets, the intelligence development cycle to process data, and security,” Krzanich said in his blog. “And to overcome these challenges, manufacturers and suppliers must achieve scalability – they need a means to collaborate, share and learn without losing their competitive position. “Just as oil has transformed our world over the last century, data is poised to transform our world for the next hundred years – and beyond.” This announcement comes just months after Intel announced it had acquired computer vision algorithm developer Itseez, to adapt its technology into its autonomous driving platform. Looking for jobs in tech or science? Check out our Employer Profiles for information on companies hiring right now. Related: autotech, employers, data, Intel Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Enterprise Ireland’s data science leaders win big at DatSci Awards 2016 23 Sep 201657 Shares Hiring Now Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Help develop the future of sales and trading Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Work smarter, live better Machines Intel reveals its latest Atom chips for IoT and smart cars 26 Oct 20167 Shares Companies 2016 Intel diversity report shows little progress for women 15 Aug 201621 Shares WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT FEATURED EMPLOYERS? Photo via Gajus/Shutterstock Silicon Republic’s Featured Employers campaign highlights top companies that are hiring right now. To find out more about the campaign and how to become part of it, please submit an enquiry. Jobs 10 top companies hiring coders right now 20 Oct 201687 Shares Companies Intel boosted by surprise rise in PC demand, though forecast not pretty 19 Oct 20167 Shares Jobs Intel report finds global cybersecurity talent shortage 28 Jul 201638 Shares Latest News 7 Christmas TV ads guaranteed to stir your emotions in 2016 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: sci-tech women who have it all 1 day ago Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ 1 day ago Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there 1 day ago How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension 2 days ago How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job 2 days ago The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite 2 days ago Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 2 days ago Black Friday deals: More offers become available 2 days ago Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased 2 days ago Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive 2 days ago Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet 2 days ago ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic 2 days ago That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m 2 days ago Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era 2 days ago Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched 2 days ago Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! 2 days ago Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge 2 days ago US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory 2 days ago Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ 2 days ago 4 women making waves in the world of IoT 2 days ago What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe 2 days ago Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars 2 days ago NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign 3 days ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
20/11/2016 Home News Sport Whats On About us Contact us You are in: > Leinsterexpress > News Science Fair Science mad Timahoe kids go for three in a row Reigning All Ireland Intel Mini Scientist champions Scoil Mhuire Fatima in Timahoe, Laois are once again generating the scientists of tomorrow, with plenty of bright ideas at their recent Science Fair. Reporter: Lynda Kiernan 16 Nov 2016 Email: lynda.kiernan@leinsterexpress.ie 0 Winner of the Intel Mini Scientist Fair 2016 at Timahoe NS, Aoife Fitzpatrick, with Principal Ann Bergin, her teacher Anne Mathews, Intel judge Ann Tilson, and Aoife's mum Margaret. The small school recently held its fifth annual Intel Mini Scientists Fair, where a wide range of exciting projects astounded their parents and Intel Judge Ann Tilson, who chose the winner to go on to the regional event. Timahoe NS' science fair has produced the overall winners at Intel's national Mini Scientist competition for an astounding two years running.   This years Scoil Mhuire Fatima is hoping to win three in a row, with Aoife Fitzpatrick from 4th class, chosen to represent them at the regional event. Aoife's project 'Colour Memory' involved a study of how the colour of a particular text and its’ background can improve one's ability to memorize information. The standard of science project on view reflected the strong enthusiasm for science that exists within the school. A diverse range of projects was on view by students of 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th classes. 6th class has gained tremendous mini scientist experience, having taken part for four years and according to class teacher Michal McEvoy “they couldn’t wait to put all that on show”. One of the many attention grabbing projects on display was 'Ditch D' Distractions' by Oisín McDonald and Dylan Grouse, a project about distractions for drivers, chosen as runners up. 'Fruiteria' by Jamie Boyle and Niamh Fitzpatrick was a study of bacteria on fruit and the pros and cons of washing fruit before eating. There were projects assessing the health benefits or risks of Pokemon Go, by Adam Farrell and Moarij Adnan and the exercise benefits, if any, of WII fit, by Oisín Ramsbottom and Enda Shortall.  'Designing My Own Harp' by Cillian Moran involved the harp making process and the science behind it. The award winning harper played some tunes for an appreciative audience. Jacob Price O'Reilly's 'Chewy Brain' proved ‘Does chewing gum make you concentrate better?  Intel judge Ann Tilson was so impressed that she asked Jacob for his powerpoint presentaion to share with Intel HQ. Jodie Lennon, Megan Delaney and Eleanor Cahill did an interesting study on eye colour and whether a particular eye colour had superior vision. Cathal Molloy and Billy Ramsbottom gave an excellent presentation on global warming in their project ‘Maximize Recycling, Minimise Global Warming’. Róisín Dunne and Emma Bennett did a wonderful project on sight, smell and taste, ‘Look, Sniff, Lick’.  Fifth class class projects were, according to class teacher Anna Moore “a fabulous display of months of very hard work”. David Duggan, Eoin Shortall and Callum Maher exhibited 'Bee-lieve It or Not', a look at the science behind honey. Colm Buggy and Rian Maher explored dental hygiene and the behaviours involved among students in the school. Nathan and Mary George studied Barn Owls while Jack Hyland used 'Potato Power' to energise the judges. Anna Duff and Sophie Phelan examined the bacteria on mobile phones in the hilariously titled project 'Manky Mobiles - Does your phone ming or ring?'. Sophie Mae McDonald and Emma Killen used their insight to do a great project on the causes of asthma. Caoimhe Ramsbottom, Sadbh Mc Donald and Hermeen Adnan were prize winners with their project called 'Milktastic Plastic', on how plastic can be made from milk. 'All Fired Up' was by Sarah Doyle and Orlaith McNamara who made their own fire lighters from recycled materials. Niamh Doyle investigated the merits of exercising for Cystic Fibrosis sufferers. A very interesting project with major scope for development. Rachel Mangan and Rebeka O'Mahony did a great project on 'TV and Me' a study on how your behaviour is effected by what you watch on TV. Laura Miller and Mairead Foyle launched 'Handy Health', an app design to help people remember when to take their medication. Fourth class had eagerly awaited their opportunity to put their scientific brains to work in the Intel Mini Scientist Fair and they didn't disappoint. Kate O'Connell and Doireann Moran investigated the impact of the brain on left and right dominance in the project “Are you left or right sided?”. Rhys Kelly and Odhrán Maher’s project “Why do we need dogs?” Abi Kelly and Caoimhe Rothwell produced a beautiful project on the animals of the sky in “All about Birds”. “Ice Cold” by Pauric Ramsbottom, Cathal McDonald and Alan Bennett investigated the substances that would melt ice the quickest. Clodagh Cooney and Emma Rouget had their class in knots about their project on “Flexibilty”. Hands, nails and bacteria was the subject of Aisling Ramsbottom and Meabh McGrath’s project. PJ Daly, Luke Devitt and Liam Daly received a highly commended certificate for “How much grease is in crisps?” Raiyyan Omer wowed the judges with his experiment on “How does liquid iron re-act to a magnet?” Isabella Smith had a brainstorm of a project called “Hurricanes”. “Fourth class thoroughly enjoyed the Science Fair and are now excited to help and support their classmate Aoife in the Regional Final," said their teacher Anne Mathews. Third class, under the guidance of teacher Aine Costello got their first taste of science fair action with their wonderful project on the organs of the body. Anne Tilson, the Intel judge found it hard to pick a winner from what she described as “an astonishingly high standard of competition”. Runners Up were Oisin McDonald and Dylan Grouse, Sadhbh McDonald, Caoimhe Ramsbottom and Hurmeen Adnan, Niamh Doyle and Cillian Moran. Highly commended are Niamh Fitzpatrick and Jamie Boyle; Emma Bennett and Roisin Dunne; Billy Ramsbottom and Cathal Molloy; Eleanor Cahill, Jodie Lennon and Megan Delaney; Orlaith McNamara and Sarah Doyle; Laura Miller and Mairead Foyle; Emma Rouget and Clodagh Cooney; Rebekah O’Mahony and Rachel Mangan; Luke Devitt, Liam Daly and PJ Daly. The two day event was well attended by proud parents, grandparents and friends. "The Intel mini-scientist competition will continue to be a permanent fixture on the school calendar such was the sense of achievement and satisfaction," said Principal Ann Bergin afterwards.  Flowers were presented to Intel judge by 6th class students Enda Shortall and Oisin Ramsbottom. Leave your comment Share your opinions on Text Characters left: 1500   Digital newsstand Our latest editions exactly as they are printed Buy edition Browse edition Clondarrig Court, Bellingham, Portlaoise, a three-bed home for rent for €1,000 a month Renting a home in Laois goes through the roof with three-bed family homes costing €1,000 in Portlaoise Elderly man pronounced dead in Portarlington road accident Serious accident in Monasterevin involving man who lived in the Portarlington area Woman arrested after body of man found in Roscrea A wintry scene on the way into Portlaoise this morning. Snow More snow and frost in Laois tonight Mountmellick's towering tree lights up for Christmas Date announced for Mountmellick Christmas tree's official lighting up Irish Rail turns down request to extend new Phoenix Park Rail tunnel line to Portlaoise Rosenallis celebrate their win over Bracknagh. Pic: Denis Byrne Magnificent Rosenallis beat Bracknagh to claim Leinster JFC title Man died in single vehicle crash Portarlington road accident victim named Bracknagh lose out to Rosenallis Bracknagh lose out to Rosenallis in Leinster Final Man arrested in Portlaoise, Co Laois by gardaí investigating the murder of a Dublin man Weather Warning Status Orange fog warning issued as visibility on Laois roads is already making for hazardous conditions Tweets by @LaoisNews   Home News Sport Whats On About us Contact us Rss Privacy Policy Cookie policy If you wish, you can contact us using any of the methods below:  Leinster Express, Dublin Road, Portlaoise Email: editor@leinsterexpress.ie Telephone: 057 8621666 This website and its associated newspaper are full participating members of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Leinster Express provides news, events and sport features from the Portlaoise area. For the best up to date information relating to Portlaoise and the surrounding areas visit us at Leinster Express regularly or bookmark this page.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Download Drivers for Lenovo’s IdeaPad Yoga 710-14 2-in-1 Notebook The available files are compatible with Windows 10 64-bit Nov 16, 2016 10:40 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Lenovo has rolled out the drivers for its IdeaPad Yoga 710-14 and Yoga 710-15 2-in-1 notebook models compatible with the 64-bit version of Microsoft’s Windows 10 operating system, which should provide improved performance and usability. When it comes to the producers providing these files, know that Intel has put on the line its Chipset, Management Engine (ME), Rapid Storage Technology (RST), and Serial IO packages, while Realtek will enable the full functionality of the audio card and card reader component. In addition to that, Intel, along with Atheros and Broadcom, takes care of the device’s wireless capabilities (both WLAN and Bluetooth), and Synaptics, Elantech, and ALPS implement several Touchpad-related features. Moreover, Intel installs its HD Graphics build to improve the CPU’s gaming performance while NVIDIA wakes up the dedicated video card so that owners can take details to a whole new level (however, it depends on what GPU model you have). Last but not least, users can also download the integrated webcam driver that have been developed by Liteon, Chicony, Bison, and Azureware, as well as a BIOS package that should implement a few security fixes. As far as installation goes, to properly apply these drivers, just save and extract the files, run the available setups one at a time, and follow all instructions displayed on screen for a complete upgrade. With this in mind, if you own one of these devices, download all the drivers by following one of the links below, apply them, and don’t forget to perform a reboot to allow all changes to take effect properly. Download Lenovo Yoga 710-14IKB Drivers Download Lenovo Yoga 710-14ISK Drivers Download Lenovo Yoga 710-15IKB Drivers Download Lenovo Yoga 710-15ISK Drivers #Yoga 710-14#Yoga 710-15#Lenovo#Drivers#IdeaPad reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Download Drivers for Lenovo’s IdeaPad Yoga 710-15ISK Notebook Acer Aspire F5-771 Drivers Are Up for Grabs - Download Now Sager Rolls Out All Drivers for Its NP8173 Notebook Model - Download Now Download Drivers for MSI’s GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI Notebook Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked Kapustkiy Breaks into Indian Regional Council Server, 17,000 Users Exposed NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Hotfix Driver - Version 375.95 AMD Releases Radeon Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix - Download and Apply Now New Firmware Is Available for Sony PlayStation 4 Consoles - Get Version 4.06 Amazon Adds Alexa to Its Fire, Fire HD 8, and Fire HD 10 - Get Firmware 5.6.0    Lenovo Yoga 710-14 Notebook New Apps BitRecover Data Recovery Wizard: Recover data from internal hard drives and various external storage devices by following a series of simple steps, with this intuitive utility PC Win Booster: A simple to use application that helps you maintain system stability by performing rigorous registry and system scans while also resolving any found issues BlackFog Privacy: Keep track of your network traffic in real-time so you can detect potential security leaks and data collection activities using this app Soft4Boost Video to Device: Convert DVD content and multiple types of video files to formats suitable for various devices, with this wizard-like application AtHome Camera: View the video stream from one or several web cameras and even recording the feed to a local video, thus monitoring your home at all times App Builder: Visually design HTML5 apps in a variety of sizes, without prior knowledge of programming techniques, thanks to this straightforward tool Soft4Boost TV Recorder: This simple and intuitive piece of software provides you with the ability to record television programs on your computer by means of a TV tuner Reader comments New Firmware Is Available for Sony PlayStation 4 Consoles - Get Version 4.06 more on: PlayStation 4 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news Intel Announces $250 Million Investment for Autonomous Driving User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here.   Thread Tools Display Modes Intel Announces $250 Million Investment for Autonomous Driving   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt Intel Announces $250 Million Investment for Autonomous Driving - 11-16-2016, 09:25 | posts: 26,799 | Location: Guru3D testlab Intel CEO Brian Krzanich today announced that Intel Capital is targeting more than $250 million of additional new investments over the next two years to make fully autonomous driving a reality. This i... Intel Announces $250 Million Investment for Autonomous Driving     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) Koniakki Maha Guru     Videocard: Palit GTX 1080 GameRock Processor: Intel i7 6700k@4.6G's Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus 8 Hero Memory: GSkill TRDZ 3733CL16 32GB Soundcard: MB SPDIF-OUT PSU: CORSAIR RMx 750W GOLD 11-16-2016, 18:29 | posts: 2,058 | Location: Inside My Thoughts..     Koniakki View Public Profile Find all posts by Koniakki « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech Forbes 4 days ago Alan Ohnsman, Forbes Staff © Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich’s silhouette during a keynote speech at the 2016 Intel ... The world’s biggest chipmaker said it will set aside at least $250 million for investments in automotive startups that are designing technology needed to support fully autonomous cars. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, speaking today at the Automobility LA conference in Los Angeles, said he wants to foster a high degree of collaboration across the auto and tech industries for car-to-car communication standards and for managing vast quantities of data created by self-driving vehicles. The sheer quantity and importance of vehicle data is growing to such an extent that Krzanich describes it as the “new oil” for the auto industry. “We want to have an open platform that lets cars talk to each other about fundamental technology. Are you applying the brakes? Are you speeding up? Do you see the hazard? That basic data we want to be able to share,” he said. “We’re committed to helping this ecosystem deliver on autonomous driving and the driving future.” Intel in July formed a partnership to develop self-driving car technology with BMW and camera-based sensor maker Mobileye. The $250 million of new investments will be made by Intel Capital Foundation and focus on startups working on open-platform technologies and areas including cyber security. The goal is to “fund startups that are trying to build security for this space and to drive innovation and collaboration across the industry,” Krzanich said. Intel’s announcement comes after a flurry of acquisitions related to autonomous vehicle technology earlier this year. In April it bought Italy-based Yogitech and Arynga to focus on over-the-air software updates in vehicles. That was followed in May with the purchase of Itseez, a maker of computer vision algorithms. The company’s latest move also comes amid intensifying competition with rival chipmaker Nvidia for a bigger share of the fast-developing automated vehicle business. Both Intel and Nvidia aim to provide the computer processing power and artificial intelligence systems essential for cars that drive without a human at the wheel. Tesla last month said it’s using Nvidia’s Drive PX supercomputer as the brains in its Model S and Model X electric vehicles to manage an ever more capable automated driving system. Tesla’s Elon Musk said the technology it’s already using in its vehicles is sufficient to one day allow them to operate in full autonomous mode, with no need for a human driver. For his part, Krzanich sees a lot more work ahead.  ”This isn’t a done deal. There’s a lot of technology that still needs to get developed.”   Go to MSN Home More in News Smoke visible for miles as firefighters tackle huge blaze near Heathrow Evening Standard Blundering Boris Johnson accused of taking wrong notes to Brexit meeting Mirror Farage U-turn as he says he would stand for election again in South Thanet The Guardian Angela Merkel to seek fourth term as German chancellor Sky News Ship evacuated off Dover as Storm Angus hits UK Sky News Chancellor warns of 'eye-watering' Brexit debt Sky News Up Next Duchess of York seeks £25m damages over Mazher Mahmood sting The Guardian More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes Apple keeps constant log of iPhone calls in iCloud, warns cop contractor Forbes 5 awesome uses of virtual reality in marketing Forbes OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: what's the difference? Forbes Jaguar reveals its first-ever electric vehicle, I-PACE Forbes Forbes View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Email RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Follow Us: Good Gear Guide > Notebooks > Reviews > Microsoft > Microsoft Surface Book i7 review Microsoft Surface Book i7 review Hugely expensive but still unique and still very fast Gordon Mah Ung PC World (US online) 16/11/16 Review Specs Images User Reviews Buy Now Tweet 7 Users want this Expert Rating 4.00 / 5 Pros Fast Good battery Solid Cons Expensive Not the latest Intel chip Bottom Line Despite the last-gen chips, there’s plenty of life left in these parts. That the Surface Book i7 can actually give you better graphics performance than a larger 15-inch laptop with discrete graphics is amazing. Combined with its tablet mode, swanky hinge, pen support, beautiful screen, and stellar battery life, it’s easy to remember what made us fall in love with the Surface Book in the first place. Would you buy this? Yes 7 No 3 Price $ 4,454.00 (AUD) Special Offers Coupon: Lenovo ThinkPad E460 Laptop Coupon Is it a laptop or is it a tablet? It's neither yet both and yet different to other convertibles in the market too. And just look at that price! It’s always been difficult trying to find the right category for Microsoft’s hybrid tablet/laptop Surface Book. And now with the new Surface Book i7 in hand, it’s even harder to figure out just what square hole to put this round peg into. Before we get too far into the review, let me say that the Surface Book i7 is incredibly fast for a laptop in its class, offering no less than twice the performance of the original Surface Book, which itself outstripped all others in its day. Even better, it has stupidly long battery life that bests all the laptops we’ve tested. Done. Fini. Move along, right? Well, not quite. The world isn’t the same as it was a year ago and the Surface Book i7’s competitors have been hard at work too, and there are aspects of Microsoft’s hybrid device that aren’t perfect. Microsoft The Surface Book i7 is hard to define but still pretty damned fast. What it is If you’re not up on current events, the Surface Book i7 is the second iteration of Microsoft’s “convertible” laptop. The top half is a beautifully proportioned 13.5-inch tablet with a “PixelSense” screen that has touch and pen support. The keyboard base (aka the Performance Base) is home to a discrete graphics chip, which takes the Surface Book’s performance beyond that of any other laptop in its class. The two sides are held together with that same crazy hinge found on the first Surface Book. There were rumors Microsoft would give up on its “dynamic fulcrum hinge” and eliminate the gap it creates, but nah, it’s still there and remains one of the most prominent features of the Surface Book i7. Gordon Mah Ung Bam. Dat hinge. Love it or hate it, it’s still there in the latest Surface Book i7. In fact, it looks unchanged from last year’s (above). The old and the new of it The Surface Book’s tablet looks identical to the previous version. In fact, from what I can tell, nothing has changed externally. The PixelSense screen is the same IPS panel with 3200x2400 resolution. Behind the screen there’s an Intel dual-core 6th-gen Skylake Core i7-6600U. It’s pared with 8GB and 16GB LPDDR3 options, as well as an SSD from 256GB to 1TB. (We received a model with 16GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD, which can be bought from Microsoft's own store for a whopping $4,454). For hardware addicts, that CPU is a disappointment. With truckloads of laptops now using Intel’s 7th-gen Kaby Lake CPUs, you’re probably wondering why Microsoft “pulled an Apple” and went with an older processor. Gordon Mah Ung The Performance Base on the newest Surface Book i7 (left) is about two millimeters thicker than the original Surface Book’s base (right). It appears that Microsoft was more concerned with upgrading the graphics in Performance Base. The original Surface Book featured a discrete Nvidia “GeForce” chip, which was custom but widely believed to be a GeForce GT 940M. The more powerful GPU in the Surface Book i7 requires a larger 95-watt power brick (bottom) vs. the 60-watt brick of the original Surface Book’s (top). The new Surface Book i7 packs an Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M chip with 2GB of GDDR5 RAM. The newer GPU is far faster, but also far hotter. Microsoft said it added a second fan to keep it cool, but the Performance Base is also a little thicker than the original model, with larger air vents. From this angle you can see just how much thicker the new Performance Base (left) is with its GeForce GTX 965M inside of it. Under heavy load, the fans get louder, but the acoustics aren’t bad. A bit shrill, maybe, but totally acceptable. The fans also seem to work pretty well at keeping the GPU cool. I ran a GPU torture test on the Surface Book i7 for more than an hour and although it got warmer, it didn’t get uncomfortable to touch or use. So good job on the implementation, Microsoft. After running the torture test FurMark for more than an hour, the Surface Book i7’s keyboard deck was reasonably cool. Surface Book i7 performance The Surface Book i7’s CPU performance can be summed up pretty much in one sentence: It’s a dual-core Intel chip. Being a 6th-generation Skylake CPU, it’s around 10 percent slower than a comparable 7th-generation Kaby Lake. Of course, a lot of people won’t feel that deficit very often. Handbrake performance To illustrate that point, the chart below shows how the Surface Book i7 compares to a stack of the best laptops around. For additional context, I also threw in a larger quad-core Dell XPS 15 and the Microsoft Surface 3, which runs on the anemic Atom X7 CPU. Our test takes a 30GB MKV file and converts it with Handbrake 0.9.9. On most dual-core laptops (including the Kaby Lake-based Dell XPS 13 and HP Spectre x360), it takes almost two hours to run this test, and as you can see in the chart, as the chips heat up and slow down during the course of the test, there are minimal differences in performance. That doesn’t mean there aren’t any differences, but the 6th-gen Skylake chip keeps up. A dual-core CPU is pretty much a dual-core CPU in our lengthy Handbrake encode test. The chart also illustrates just how little has changed from the first Surface Book. In another performance test—the CPU-heavy Cinebench R15—the score for this year’s Surface Book was actually identical to one I recorded last year. It’s all about the GPU The performance you really care about is the GPU that Microsoft tucked under the keyboard. Even though we all hoped for some secret new AMD or Nvidia GPU, the GeForce GTX 965M doesn’t disappoint. 3DMark Sky Diver performance Futuremark’s 3DMark Sky Diver is a synthetic test that measures the graphics performance of a PC. Although it doesn’t use an actual video game engine, it’s still well respected. For comparison I also threw in the Dell XPS 15. It’s a much thicker and larger 15-inch laptop with a quad-core CPU and GeForce GTX 960M. Since the overall score factors in the CPU cores, the XPS 15 takes the win. Elsewhere in the the pack though, you can see how last year’s Surface Book is head and shoulders above everyone else. But then you get to the Surface Book i7’s GeForce GTX 965M, which is basically three times the performance of most laptops with integrated graphics. Watch out. No other 13-inch Ultrabook can touch the Surface Book i7. But is it still an Ultrabook? 3DMark also gives you a sub score which focuses solely on the graphics performance and cuts out the CPU performance. Once we take the quad-core out of the equation, the Surface Book i7 moves into first place. Not by as much as I expected, but it’s not bad. The Surface Book i7 is basically plenty fast. Look at that GPU go. Tomb Raider performance Not everyone trusts synthetic tests though, so I also ran the 3-year-old, but still quite lovely, Tomb Raider game. I don’t have quite as many comparable laptops, but you can see how two of the XPS 13’s perform when running the game at 1920x1080 on the High setting. The slowest of the bunch is the 7th-gen Kaby Lake laptop with HD 620 graphics. Moving up to the Dell XPS 13, with an Intel Core i7-6560U and Iris 540, nets a decent boost. The original Surface Book with its GeForce GT 940M is faster still, but at 35.4fps, I wouldn’t play the game. That changes with the Surface Book i7, which achieves a totally satisfying 80.8fps, and even exceeds the Dell XPS 15’s GeForce GTX 960M. The Surface Book i7’s GeForce GTX 965M mashes the competing 13-inch laptops in gaming performance. Stupid-good battery performance too With the Surface Book i7’s upgrade you already know Microsoft didn’t touch the tablet portion, which has the same DYN-made 18 watt-hour batteries. Where Microsoft did change things was, again, in the Performance Base, whose now-thicker profile accommodates more battery capacity. The original Surface Book with GeForce card packs a 53 watt-hour cell while the new one has nearly a 63 watt-hour battery. All told, that’s a massive 81 watt-hour battery pushing the Surface Book i7 along. To see how well it does, I ran our standard video rundown test on both it and the last-gen Surface Book. Our test loops a 4K resolution movie using Windows 10 Movies & TV app. That particular app is selected because it’s a super-efficient video player. We set the laptops to airplane mode and the brightness to a relatively bright 250 to 260 nits to approximate what you’d use in a typical house or office in the daytime. Audio is enabled but we use a pair of small earbuds. The result? Stupendous battery life. In fact, it set a new record for battery life in a laptop at just over 13 hours of playback. The original Surface Book gave us a respectable 10 hours and the next closest competitor was Dell’s current XPS 13 at about 11 hours. With its giant battery, you also get pretty stupendous battery life out of the newest Surface Book i7. Think of it as Project Ara, but that you can buy Since the tablet of the new Surface Book i7 appears to be exactly the same as the original, I naturally wondered if I could simply attach the original to the upgraded Performance Base, since that’s where most of the upgrade happened. Sure enough, the two sides fit, and after a few driver downloads it was a go. Don’t believe me? Here’s a screenshot of last year’s Surface Book tablet with the new Performance Base and its GeForce GTX 965M. That score is the same as we got with the “new” Surface Book i7 and the Performance Base. In some ways, the Surface Book i7 is the first modular laptop. With the GPU and extra batteries stored in the base, you could, in theory, upgrade by just buying a new base. It’s almost like Google’s cancelled Project Ara, except it’s an actual product. The problem, of course, is that Microsoft doesn’t sell just the base. That’s too bad because I think Microsoft is missing an opportunity. Plenty of people who bought a Surface Book last year are probably still pretty happy with the Skyale CPU and tablet portion, but that GeForce GT 940M is getting long in the tooth. If I cared about graphics performance and I had the original, I’d jump at the chance to buy the Performance Base with the GeForce GTX 965M upgrade. Gordon Mah Ung Microsoft’s Surface Book i7 (bottom) certainly isn’t the tiniest laptop around compared to the last-generation MacBook Pro 13 (second from bottom), the latest-generation HP Spectre x360 13 (third from bottom), and Dell’s bantam XPS 13 (top.) What’s wrong with it The most obvious problems are the prior sins. The original Surface Book amazed everyone at launch but went through many months of teething pains with docking and undocking issues, and multiple firmware fixes issued over the last year, which both corrected and then reintroduced new docking or sleep issues. In the interest of full disclosure, I used an original Surface Book (although not the original review sample) off and on for the better part of the the last 10 months. For the most part, problems were few and far between but they were there and occassionaly maddening. But whether those were problems with the Surface Book, per se, or issues induced by Windows 10 Insider Preview program, I don’t know. Despite all that, I still have no problems recommending it. Still, I have complaints. The most prominent is the lack of Thunderbolt 3, or at least a faster 10Gbps port. With this class of performance, “pro” ports should be part of the package. One of the stickiest points with the Surface Book i7 is its price. The unit you see here with Core i7, 16GB of RAM, 1TB SSD, and GeForce GTX 965M is $4,454 and that's supposedly a sale price - down from $4,949! Ouch. A high spec MacBook Pro 13 will set you back $2,999 — so yeah, this is a premium product at a premium price. You can knock $675 off the Surface Book i7’s price by cutting the SSD capacity in half. Or you can step down to 8GB of RAM and a 128GB drive for $2,069. The problem is those prices aren’t competitive with competing laptops from PC makers. Of course, no other PC vendors offers anything quite like the Surface Book i7 either. It’s either too light or too heavy The other issue I have is the size and weight of the Surface Book i7. I weighed our review unit at 1.52KG. That’s only slightly heavier than the original Surface Book, but it’s hefty. The current Dell XPS 13 with a 7th-gen CPU and no touchscreen is significantly. Going the other direction, the MSI GS63VR Stealth with a quad-core Skylake chip, 15-inch screen, and a much more powerful GeForce GTX 1060 weighs just 300g more than the Surface Book i7. And that MSI will plain blow the doors off the Surface Book i7 in everything, save battery life and build quality. Well, and screen quality. The perennial target of the Surface Book i7, Apple’s MacBook Pro 13, has also recently gone on a diet and weighs just 1.KG. That kind of puts the updated Surface Book i7 in a strange, middle place: It’s heavy enough that you might consider getting a larger quad-core alternative, but yet light enough that you might be tempted to opt for the even-lighter competition. Conclusion When Microsoft announced details of the Surface Book i7, I was pretty disappointed in its middle-aged hardware. In use, however, it appears there’s plenty of life left in these parts. That the Surface Book i7 can actually give you better graphics performance than a larger 15-inch laptop with discrete graphics is amazing. Combined with its tablet mode, swanky hinge, pen support, beautiful screen, and stellar battery life, it’s easy to remember what made us fall in love with the Surface Book in the first place. Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read more on these topics: notebooks, Microsoft, Windows, Surface Comments Read User Reviews Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles MacBook Pro teardown reveals pointless speaker grilles and hard-to-replace Touch Bar Apple leads tablet sales, but the iPad Pro is not its best seller Latest MacBook Pro price reset resembles shift to Retina in 2012 Apple design chief Jony Ive rules out touchscreen Macs Lenovo's ThinkPad X1 Tablet modules add features but limit functionality Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTLevel 3 Managed Services ConsultantNSW FTSenior IT Business Analyst - Permanent OpportunityNSW CCCapacity and Performance AnalystVIC FTTechnical Support OfficerWA TPMid Level Frontend DeveloperNSW FTBusiness Analyst - Health Industry - Melbourne CBDVIC FTTechnical Service Delivery ManagerVIC FTDesktop Support Team LeaderQLD CCPMO Analyst/Project AnalystNSW FTSolutions Architect - Data Centre/ NetworkSA FT.Net Developer - PermanentNSW FTNetwork SpecialistVIC CCProject ManagerNSW CCInfrastructure Architect- MiddlewareACT CCBusiness Change Manager- Transformation ProjectNSW CCSenior Developer : Mainframe (Perth Based)VIC FTService Lifecycle RepresentativeQLD FTField Systems Engineer - Managed Service ProviderNSW FTXamarin DeveloperQLD FTSenior Front End Wed DeveloperACT CCWintel Technical LeadVIC CCProject Manager, SuperannuationNSW FTSenior Python DeveloperNSW CCService Monitoring Specialist - Information SecurityNSW FTDynamics CRM DeveloperWA Back to top • Home Share this review: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles How lifelogging will become easy and automatic computerworld.com.au Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au IT workers singled out amid 457 visa changes arnnet.com.au LinkedIn, Facebook, Google marketers weigh in on digital marketing success cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Home About The RealtyBizNews Team Contacts Advertise with Us Contributing Writers RealtyBizNews: Real Estate News With the latest on mortgages, refinancing, real estate & home tips Realtors US Real Estate Commercial Featured News Technology Investing Memphis Real Estate International Press Release You are here: Home / Press Release / Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence November 17, 2016 by press release Leave a Comment Subscribe to our RSS feed to get the latest realty news. You can get our headlines via email as well, or follow us on Twitter. SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17, 2016 – Intel Corporation today announced a range of new products, technologies and investments from the edge to the data center to help expand and accelerate the growth of artificial intelligence (AI). Intel sees AI transforming the way businesses operate and how people engage with the world. Intel is assembling the broadest set of technology options to drive AI capabilities in everything from smart factories and drones to sports, fraud detection and autonomous cars. At an industry gathering led by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Intel shared how both the promise and complexities of AI require an extensive set of leading technologies to choose from and an ecosystem that can scale beyond early adopters. As algorithms become complex and required data sets grow, Krzanich said Intel has the assets and know-how required to drive this computing transformation. In a blog Krzanich said: “Intel is uniquely capable of enabling and accelerating the promise of AI. Intel is committed to AI and is making major investments in technology and developer resources to advance AI for business and society.” Intel’s Robust AI Platform Intel announced plans to usher in the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio for AI – the Intel® Nervana™ platform. Built for speed and ease of use, the Intel Nervana portfolio is the foundation for highly optimized AI solutions, enabling more data professionals to solve the world’s biggest challenges on industry standard technology. Today, Intel powers 97 percent of data center servers running AI workloads and offers the most flexible, yet performance-optimized, portfolio of solutions. This includes Intel® Xeon® processors and Intel® Xeon Phi™ processors to more workload-optimized accelerators, including FPGAs (field-programmable gate arrays) and the technology innovations acquired from Nervana. Intel also provided details of where the breakthrough technology from Nervana will be integrated into the product roadmap. Intel will test first silicon (code-named “Lake Crest”) in the first half of 2017 and will make it available to key customers later in the year. In addition, Intel announced a new product (code-named “Knights Crest”) on the roadmap that tightly integrates best-in-class Intel Xeon processors with the technology from Nervana. Lake Crest is optimized specifically for neural networks to deliver the highest performance for deep learning and offers unprecedented compute density with a high-bandwidth interconnect. “We expect the Intel Nervana platform to produce breakthrough performance and dramatic reductions in the time to train complex neural networks,” said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group at Intel. “Before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space.” Bryant also announced that Intel expects the next generation of Intel Xeon Phi processors (code-named “Knights Mill”) will deliver up to 4x better performance1 than the previous generation for deep learning and will be available in 2017. In addition, Intel announced it is shipping a preliminary version of the next generation of Intel Xeon processors (code-named “Skylake”) to select cloud service providers. With AVX-512, an integrated acceleration advancement, these Intel Xeon processors will significantly boost the performance of inference for machine learning workloads. Additional capabilities and configurations will be available when the platform family launches in mid-2017 to meet the full breadth of customer segments and requirements. Enabling AI Everywhere and Cloud Alliance with Google* Aside from silicon, Intel highlighted other AI assets, including Intel Saffron Technology™, a leading solution for customers looking for business insights. The Saffron Technology platform leverages memory-based reasoning techniques and transparent analysis of heterogeneous data. This technology is also particularly well-suited to small devices, making intelligent local analytics possible across IoT and helping advance state-of the-art collaborative AI. To simplify deployment everywhere, Intel also delivers common, intelligent APIs that extend across Intel’s distributed portfolio of processors from edge to cloud, as well as embedded technologies such as Intel® RealSense™ cameras and Movidius* vision processing units (VPUs). Intel and Google announced a strategic alliance to help enterprise IT deliver an open, flexible and secure multi-cloud infrastructure for their businesses. The collaboration includes technology integrations focused on Kubernetes* (containers), machine learning, security and IoT. To further AI research and strategy, Intel announced the formation of the Intel Nervana AI board, which will feature leading industry and academic thought leaders. Intel announced four founding members: Yoshua Bengio (University of Montreal), Bruno Olshausen (UC Berkeley), Jan Rabaey (UC Berkeley) and Ron Dror (Stanford University). Additionally, Intel is working to make AI truly accessible. To help accomplish this, Intel has introduced the Intel Nervana AI Academy for broad developer access to training and tools. Intel also introduced the Intel Nervana Graph Compiler to accelerate deep learning frameworks on Intel silicon. In conjunction with the AI Academy, Intel announced a partnership with global leading education provider Coursera* to provide a series of AI online courses to the academic community. Intel also launched a Kaggle Competition (coming in January) jointly with Mobile ODT* where the academic community can put their AI skills to the test to solve real-world socioeconomic problems, such as early detection for cervical cancer in developing countries through the use of AI for soft tissue imaging. “Intel can offer crucial technologies to drive the AI revolution, but ultimately we must work together as an industry – and as a society – to achieve the ultimate potential of AI,” said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. With the addition of the new edge and data center products, as well as the enablement programs, Intel has the full complement of technologies and ecosystem reach required to deliver the scale and promise of AI for everyone. About Intel: Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Follow Realty Biz News In other news… More consumers plan to Shop Small this Small Business Saturday Court Case to Lower ATM Fees Re-Instated Trump Organization Signs Indian Real Estate Deal AirSelfie Launches Best Pocket-Sized Flying Camera for Smartphones SmartAsset study reveals cities where rents are getting cheaper Tips and tricks of the trade Maximizing Value: 4 Things You Should Fix Before You Sell Your Home November 18, 2016 By Guest Author Take Better Photos With These 5 Easy Tricks Custom Built Home: How To Make Your Dream Become Reality Commercial Stainless Steel Sinks Are a Versatile Choice Real Estate Market Today Trulia warns of shrinking home inventories September 28, 2016 By Mike Wheatley Digital Realtor Roundup: Memphis, Tennessee Digital Realtor Roundup: Cleveland, Ohio Chande supports view that potential lies outside capital Real Estate Technology AirSelfie Launches Best Pocket-Sized Flying Camera for Smartphones November 18, 2016 By press release 5 Social Media Marketing Tips for Real Estate Agents for 2016 Twitter’s Choice to Ban Right-Wing Users Could Prove Risky Zillow identifies energy-efficient home hot spots All contents © Copyright 2013 RealtyBizNew · All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Broad Institute Teams Up With Intel To Integrate Genomic Data From Diverse Sources And Enhance Genomic Data Analytic Capabilities FIVE-YEAR COLLABORATION TO HELP RESEARCHERS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF INCREASINGLY LARGE, COMPLEX, AND DISCONNECTED DATASETS News provided by Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Nov 17, 2016, 15:50 ET Share this article CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard today announced a $25 million collaboration with Intel Corporation to scale researchers' ability to analyze massive amounts of genomic data from diverse sources worldwide. Through a five-year collaboration, researchers and software engineers at the new Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will build, optimize, and widely share new tools and infrastructure that will help scientists integrate and process genomic data. The project aims to optimize best practices in hardware and software for genome analytics to make it possible to combine and use research data sets that reside on private, public, and hybrid clouds. Continue Reading Broad Institute Logo The project will enable researchers worldwide to run more data-intensive studies and generate robust results more quickly by accessing data that may have been unavailable to them before. "The size of genomic datasets doubles about every eight months and, as it does, the challenge of acquiring, processing, storing, and analyzing this information increases as well," said Eric Banks, director of the Data Sciences and Data Engineering group at the Broad Institute. "Working with Intel, we plan to build out solutions that can work across different infrastructures to facilitate efficient processing of these growing data sets, and then make these tools openly available for researchers worldwide. Our work is a step toward building something analogous to a superhighway to connect disparate databases of genomic information for the advancement of research and precision medicine." Building upon an existing collaboration, the new effort will apply Intel's data analytics and artificial intelligence prowess with Broad's expertise in genomic data generation, health research, and analysis tools toward the goal of building new resources that will promote biomedical discoveries, including those that advance precision medicine. Under the five-year agreement, the Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will focus on three goals: Overcome the challenge of diverse genomic datasets by optimizing Broad's Genome Analytics Toolkit (GATK) best practices hardware recommendations for genomic workloads for on-premise, public cloud, and hybrid cloud use cases.  Simplify and accelerate the execution of genome analytics by optimizing genomics software tools such as GATK, Cromwell, and GenomicsDB on industry standard Intel-based platforms. Empower users such as healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies and academic research organizations to collaborate by partnering on workflow execution models across complex and distributed datasets. Achieving this goal will enable secure processing of data across organizations, which can stimulate research and discovery, drug discovery, clinical trial recruitment, and ultimately clinical decision-making across the entire research and discovery ecosystem. "Intel and Broad share the common vision of harnessing the power of genomic data and making it widely accessible for research around the world to yield important discoveries," said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group for Intel Corporation. "We each bring to the collaboration our unique expertise and capabilities.  At Intel, through the use of artificial intelligence, we are confident we can solve the massive data challenges facing the industry." About the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard was launched in 2004 to empower this generation of creative scientists to transform medicine. The Broad Institute seeks to describe all the molecular components of life and their connections; discover the molecular basis of major human diseases; develop effective new approaches to diagnostics and therapeutics; and disseminate discoveries, tools, methods, and data openly to the entire scientific community. Founded by MIT, Harvard, Harvard-affiliated hospitals, and the visionary Los Angeles philanthropists Eli and Edythe L. Broad, the Broad Institute includes faculty, professional staff, and students from throughout the MIT and Harvard biomedical research communities and beyond, with collaborations spanning over a hundred private and public institutions in more than 40 countries worldwide. For further information about the Broad Institute, go to http://www.broadinstitute.org. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140520/89735 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/broad-institute-teams-up-with-intel-to-integrate-genomic-data-from-diverse-sources-and-enhance-genomic-data-analytic-capabilities-300365440.html SOURCE Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Related Links http://www.broadinstitute.org Jan 22, 2016, 14:25 ET Preview: Broad Institute Genomic Services partners with Takeda Pharmaceuticals to offer genomic insight into the recently approved therapeutic NINLARO® (ixazomib) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Broad Institute Teams Up With Intel To Integrate Genomic Data From Diverse Sources And Enhance Genomic Data Analytic Capabilities News provided by Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Nov 17, 2016, 15:50 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Intel Corporation today announced a range of new products, technologies and investments from the edge to the data center to help expand and accelerate the growth of artificial intelligence (AI). Intel sees AI transforming the way businesses operate and how people engage with the world. Intel is assembling the broadest set of technology options to drive AI capabilities in everything from smart factories and drones to sports, fraud detection and autonomous cars. At Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: A.M. Best Revises Outlook to Negative for HAI Group Members Next Next post: Putnam Announces Distribution Rates for Open End Funds Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Car Tech News Intel to invest $250M in self-driving cars The chip maker believes up to 4TB of data may be generated daily from each self-driving car By Lucas Mearian | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Nov 17, 2016 11:16 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel Corporation displays its automated driving technology at the Automobility LA conference on Tuesday. Credit: Intel Corp. More like this Delphi, Mobileye partner to bring self-driving system to market by 2019 Nvidia's updated Drive PX 2 computer will drive autonomous cars Volvo, Autoliv to form self-driving car software company Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel's investment arm, Intel Capital, plans to spend more than $250 million of additional new capital over the next two years to drive the development of autonomous driving technology. During a keynote speech at the LA Auto Show's AutoMobility conference this week, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich emphasized how critical the automotive market has become to the company. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation displays its automated driving technology at the Automobility LA conference on Tuesday. "These investments will drive the development of technologies that push the boundaries on next-generation connectivity, communication, context awareness, deep learning, security, safety and more," Intel said in a news release. The automotive industry is on the cusp of a major transformation, Krzanich said, and that will require an "unprecedented" level of "computing, intelligence and connectivity." Intel's role in autonomous driving technology involves the processors in a variety of sensors, sonar, LiDAR and cameras that will come embedded in autonomous cars, as well as the computers within vehicles that process data from those sensors. That data is also sent back to automakers to help improve the vehicle and self-driving technology. Krzanich said there's a need for the auto industry to be prepared for that data deluge with over 4TB of data being generated from a single car each day. One early study showed autonomous vehicles could product up to 1GB per second of operation. Intel has partnered with self-driving technology makers, such as vehicle camera company Mobileye, and carmakers such as BMW, to produce fully-autonomous vehicles by 2021. Intel said it will also invest in technologies that will drive global Internet of Things (IoT) innovation in transportation; "areas where technology can directly mitigate risks while improving safety, mobility, and efficiency at a reduced cost; and companies that harness the value of the data to improve reliability of automated driving systems." To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Car Tech Computer Processors Computer Hardware Senior Writer Lucas Mearian covers consumer data storage, consumerization of IT, mobile device management, renewable energy, telematics/car tech and entertainment tech for Computerworld. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Verizon IoT, Swiftmile pilot smart bike-sharing in Santa Clara Verizon will provide 4G LTE connections to the bikes and the solar charging stations where they are... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 20, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Disney World using 300 drones in new holiday light show - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 52° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap Disney World using 300 drones in new holiday light show Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Thursday, November 17, 2016 6:34 am | Updated: 7:01 am, Thu Nov 17, 2016. Disney World using 300 drones in new holiday light show Associated Press | ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Walt Disney World is using 300 drones in a new Christmas light show. A dress rehearsal was held Wednesday night, but Disney has not announced dates for the show. The Orlando Sentinel (http://tinyurl.com/jbdvh8o) reports it is believed to be the first time drones will be used in a performance of this magnitude in the U.S. Disney is collaborating with Intel on the project. The show will take place at Disney Springs. Intel's drone weighs less than a volleyball and are equipped with four LED lights that can create over 4 billion color combinations. They can fly for 20 minutes and are allowed to fly as high as 400 feet. All 300 drones are controlled by one computer. Disney has a second 300-drone fleet but has not said what they intend to use it for. ___ Information from: Orlando Sentinel, http://www.orlandosentinel.com/ © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News ARTICLE: Jury to resume deliberations in murder trial of Tucson man ARTICLE: No clear end in sight for legal actions over Bridgegate ARTICLE: Newport judge saves his fears for weekend rock climbs ARTICLE: Police think ex-boyfriend abducted Fort Wayne girl APEC: Trabajo incómodo de la prensa More about Travel ARTICLE: 6 groups want change in Grand Canyon monument proposal ARTICLE: NY police to crack down on unsafe driving over Thanksgiving ARTICLE: Prequel program prognostications ARTICLE: AAA Carolinas: More people will travel this Thanksgiving Amid wildfires, North Carolina getaway turns to ghost town More about Lifestyle ARTICLE: 6 groups want change in Grand Canyon monument proposal ARTICLE: County bans employees from being in some biker gangs The Latest: Trump, Pence go to church ARTICLE: NY police to crack down on unsafe driving over Thanksgiving Pope says sleeping 'like a log' helps him handle stress Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Thursday, November 17, 2016 6:34 am. Updated: 7:01 am. | Tags: General News, Travel, Lifestyle, Drone Aircraft, Amusement And Theme Parks, Holidays, Occasions, Recreation And Leisure, Leisure Travel | Location Tags: United States, North America Similar Stories Industrial space hard to come by in Bend Student from Minnesota chosen as Rhodes Scholar for 2017 Salt Lake City police: 2 men shot after gunfire from cars Names of man, 2 teens killed in Poconos crash released Mural of kids brightens wall dividing Cleveland neighborhood Most Read Sheriff Donald Valenza describes search for Amanda Bond Dale County jailer charged with trying to smuggle drugs into jail Amanda Bond's body found two weeks after deputies say she was murdered Four Dothan schools score among best in state on ACT Aspire test UPDATED: LaBrian Stewart fired as Northview head football coach Videos Editor's Picks Will a Trump presidency be good for farmers? While President-elect Donald Trump can’t do anything about the drought, local peanut farmers are “cautiously optimistic” a Trump … Arkansas State blasts No. 25 Troy with strong second half TROY – What began as a defensive slugfest between Arkansas State and No. 25 Troy Thursday ended in a rout thanks to an outstandin… Dothan's Granger inks with AU Equestrian team When she was 8 years old, Terri-June Granger received a horse at Christmas. Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. In Case You Missed It < Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH AWS shines light on Virginia solar scheme EMC crying two SAN breakup tears HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill SPB Geek's Guide Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI can now tell if you're a criminal or not Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Mobile Networks Facebook Data Center Networks Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Targets the heart of the network 17 Nov 2016 at 11:02, Wireless Watch Wireless Watch Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Android, Mobile Networks, Broadband, Apple, Google Recent Articles Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Vodafone UK hails results of Massive MIMO trial with TD-LTE Will rush for New Radio compromise 5G quality? Analysis Nine months after announcing its Telecom Infrastructure Project (TIP), Facebook has held its first summit and unveiled new partners and a first concrete project, a white box transponder/router for fibre backhaul, called Voyager. This is an indication, if any were needed, that the social media giant was not just tub-thumping when it pledged, at this year’s Mobile World Congress, to shake up the traditional network infrastructure supply chain. TIP membership expands, though no US giants The first TIP Summit was held earlier this month in Menlo Park, California. New operator members include Bell Canada, Middle Eastern carrier du, NBN and Telstra from Australia, Orange and the Nordics’ Telia. New vendor sign-ups came from Accenture, Amdocs, Canonical, HPE and Toyota InfoTechnology Center, among others. Founder members included Nokia, SK Telecom, Deutsche Telekom, Intel and others, and in May they were joined by more major operators - Axiata Digital, Indosat, MTN, Telefonica and Vodafone – plus additional vendors. There are still significant gaps, notably the two US giants Verizon and AT&T (though they are part of Facebook’s similar, older initiative for data centre gear, Open Compute Project). TIP is a double-edged sword for those operators which have been accustomed to tight control of their circle of suppliers, since in return for the promise of lower costs, they hand the initiative in driving network infrastructure to Facebook – a company which, on the services side, is eating their lunch with over-the-top services such as Messenger and WhatsApp. But TIP now has about 300 members and has enough representation from major carriers to be capable of significant disruption to business as normal for the vendors, on a near-global basis. As with Google Android on the open software side, most of the technologies in TIP are, so far at least, coming from Facebook itself. That gives it a large level of control of how platforms evolve, but also leaves it with the bulk of the cost. Its latest contribution is Voyager, which it says is the first white box transponder/router, and which supports Open Packet DWDM (dense wave division multiplexing*). This design will be available to the TIP operators and vendors via one of its sub-projects, called Backhaul: Open Optical Packet Transport. Facebook debuts Open Packet Transport Facebook is already trialling its implementation of the Open DWDM platform, Voyager, which is designed to drive down costs in the same way as Facebook’s Wedge 100 white box switch did in the data center. Voyager uses the same Broadcom Tomahawk switch ASIC chip as Wedge 100. Facebook said that other partners in developing Voyager were Acacia Communications, Lumentum Holdings, Celestica and Snaproute. The first triallists are Equinix and MTN in South Africa. Equinix said preliminary trial results "showed zero packet loss and significant overall cost savings due to this disaggregated hardware and software networking model”. The first vendor to support the Open Packet Transport platform is ADVA Optical Networking, which plans to sell Voyager and pro-vide network management, operations support and maintenance. ADVA CTO and COO Christoph Glingener called Voyager: “A game changer that will open up networks to a whole new range of customers”. All this is not just about cost, but about keeping up the rate of evolution in important technologies such as DWDM*, which enabled a step increase in fiber network capacity when it was first commercialized. In a blog post, three Facebook engineers, Ilya Lyubomirsky, Brian Taylor and Hans-Juergen Schmidtke, wrote: “The pace of innovation has slowed over the past 10 years as we approach the limits of spectral efficiency”. They argue in the post that an open approach drives greater efficiencies into DWDM transport. "By unbundling the hardware and software in existing 'black box' systems, which include transponders, filters, line systems, and control and management software, we can advance each component independently and deliver even more bandwidth with greater cost efficiency," they wrote. Voyager is similar to many other small form-factor WDM units available in the competitive metro area fibre market, so will have to live up to its promises of low costs to make an impact, beyond Facebook’s own deployments, and to drive adoption of the open platform. It is an open one-rack unit DWDM device with eight 100Gbps quad small form-factor clients and four 200Gbps 16QAM on the line side. It can support long-haul transport and metro area data centre links. It may not be a revolutionary project per se, but the optical space is ripe for change in backhaul and data centres. The optical transport network is one of the areas where telcos are moving most rapidly towards software-defined networking (SDN), which is a major spur to migrate from proprietary equipment to off-the-shelf boxes. Google and Facebook blow apart network norms Along with Google, Amazon and Microsoft, Facebook has already started to transform the economics of webscale data centre infrastructure by commissioning in-house designs for servers and even processors, and then open sourcing some of that work to create a broad ecosystem around open, commodity hardware. That process is harder in networking, where there are far more different pieces of equipment to consider, and it is especially tough in the mobile network, with its exceptional performance patterns and its long history of proprietary, optimized designs from a small, closed and protective circle of vendors and chipmakers. But the financial pressures on operators, and the shift towards and virtualization, has made Facebook’s approach far more viable, at least in large portions of the network. More and more processes will run in software on off-the-shelf hardware, even though some of the more demanding mobile network functions will still need specialized coprocessors to hit optimal levels. Facebook’s contribution to blowing apart the traditional supply chain is coming from TIP, a telco version of its own Open Compute Project (OCP), and from a companion effort called OpenCellular, which is aiming to define an open platform for low cost base stations, with a particular emphasis on small cells to push coverage to remote areas. This, of course, is a key goal both for Facebook and Google, which are using a variety of methods to accelerate the pace of bringing high speed access to the unserved millions. They are building their own networks in areas where the established operators are slow to act, developing solutions based on drones, stratellites and new spectrum options such as TV white spaces. In Facebook’s case, it is also contributing some of its in-house developments to TIP and OpenCellular, to make them available to other vendors and hope to stimulate a wide, open ecosystem. This will make the networks more affordable and encourage other service providers to jump into the business of remote internet access – neither Facebook or even Google, surely, will want to be network operators if they can help it. Even in the case of Google Fiber, in the US, the primary motivation appears to be to kick the carriers into action. The end goal—controlling a billion more users In the end, the goal for these web giants is to bring more users online to consume their services and view their customers’ adverts. Google has not gone down the road of open source hardware yet, but does routinely open source key software developments, such as Android, to put itself at the heart of disruptive new mobile or telco platforms. In addition to its attempts to shake up the cost of infrastructure build-out, Facebook is also aiming to disrupt the cost of mobile service delivery with its internet.org initiative, which includes offerings like Facebook Basics – which provides some core apps, including Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp, without counting towards the user’s data allowance. From internet-org and Facebook Basics to TIP and OpenCellular, operators are signing up with various degrees of enthusiasm or reluctance – but signing up they are, recognizing that, despite the compromises they are having to make to their own power, they cannot afford to have no voice at all in the new platforms, for fear the remnants of their influence are lost to new wireless service providers, from cablecos to OTT players. So Facebook is establishing itself all along the operator supply chain and service platform, but at the TIP Summit, of course, the focus was on hardware and the new cost base. “We have been working with partners to successfully test in the market and are excited about the ecosystem that has already come together around Voyager as part of TIP,” Jay Parikh, global head of engineering and infrastructure at Facebook, wrote in a company blog post. Other announcements at the TIP Summit included plans for the inaugural TIP Ecosystem Acceleration Center, which will be hosted by SK Telecom in South Korea, and is intended to be the first of a series round the world. TIP chairman Alex Jinsung Choi, who is also CTO of SK Telecom, said the centre will incubate local talent and accelerate innovation and product development. And a new project within TIP is the People and Process group, which aims to address the cultural and organisational changes which come with the shift to commodity hardware and software networking. The new group, co-chaired by Bell Canada and Facebook, will develop and share cultural and process transformation best practice to improve operators’ key performance indicators. Other members of the working group include Accenture, Agilitrix, Deloitte, HPE, NBN, SK Telecom, Tata, Telefonica and Telstra. NuRAN is first adopter for OpenCellular Of even more direct impact on mobile operators is OpenCellular, to which Facebook has already promised to contribute its core design for a rural small cell, for the Terragraph urban cell, and potentially for the Aries Massive MIMO system. Four months after it unveiled OpenCellular, Facebook announced at the TIP Summit that it had now open sourced all the project’s flies, including "schematic, lay-out, CAD files, specs and protocol as part of the TIP Access”. The speed of progress from Facebook itself has been impressive, but it needs to attract more third party support for commercial products based on its platforms. One small but highly relevant supporter, however, is NuRAN Wireless of Canada, whose LiteRAN 2G base station for remote areas is being validated under TIP, and which will distribute the OpenCellular products as they emerge. NuRAN provides outdoor GSM small cells with solar power for locations which have no access to traditional telecoms infrastructure. Now it will supply and support OpenCellular offerings as they go into trials. This will start early next year, and Facebook hopes to encourage broad familiarity with its platform to extend the ecosystem. The TIP and OpenCellular projects are in their very early days, and despite strong early headwinds, it is by no means certain they will achieve the transformations they are targeting in the telecoms industry, rather than becoming bogged down by processes and by the inherent conflicts of interest between many of the members. For MNOs, while they can clearly benefit from low cost, commoditized and open hardware platforms, these also lower the barriers to new entrants, especially as more unlicensed and shared spectrum comes into play, along with radical approaches to wholesale capacity such as bandwidth-on-demand and network slicing. How open can the mobile network become? As the network becomes an IT service platform, most of it should be indistinguishable from IT infrastructure, goes the thinking. Cloud computing, and to some extent Wi-Fi, have shown the way to this open infrastructure, not the mobile industry, and the new ecosystems often go hand-in-hand with open source software and, increasingly, hardware – a movement in which the mobile players have remarkably little influence. A research leader from no more subversive a company than Huawei, Peter Ashwood-Smith, posed the question last year: “Could 5G be more than 90 per cent code from open source origins?” Ashwood-Smith, head of IP research at Huawei Canada and chair of the ITU’s fixed line 5G focus group, described an entirely open source 4G network which could be deployed today, with Linux-based eNodeB and evolved packet core, Android devices, GNU radios and an open source HSS. In reality, this approach will take many years to become robust for commercial, large-scale networks. There are limits to the Facebook vision when it comes to cellular networks, especially when it comes to the radios and antennas themselves, which will have to become ever more sophisticated to deliver the promises of 5G, and will remain a source of cost and vendor differentiation for a long time to come. Aries is yet to be tested in anger, but there are sure to be many ways in which the established experts in antennas and MIMO will be able to differentiate themselves against it. The OpenCellular platform There is likely to be more impact in the near term from OpenCellular’s core platform, because it targets underserved areas where traditional vendors and operators continue to struggle with the economics of mobile broadband. Also, it provides a low cost, multi-operator small cell – a platform for which the industry is crying out. The initial OpenCellular design is a shoebox-sized unit which runs open source software and is designed to be mass produced by low cost vendors. It is a modular design which is software-defined and so can support a range of current and future protocols for licensed and unlicensed spectrum. It consists of a general baseband computer (GBC), equivalent to a baseband unit (BBU) in a mobile split architecture. This handles system functions as virtual network functions, and controls a separate subsystem with the software-defined radio, integrated analog front end, and system-on-chip functions where required, plus the antennas. The SDR and SoC versions support various open source and commercial cellular stacks. Facebook claims its system is very ruggedized and able to work in extremes of temperature and climate, but also self-installable to reduce cost and time to deployment, especially in remote communities. Its engineering team says it has “designed an innovative mounting solution that can handle high winds, extreme temperatures, and rugged climates in all types of communities around the world. The device can be deployed by a single person and at a range of heights — from a pole only a few feet off the ground to a tall tower or tree.” The split architecture mirrors the wider moves towards virtualized clusters of small cells, particularly to support indoor coverage and capacity. Small Cell Forum recently published nFAPI, an extension of its FAPI interface, which allows small cells from different vendors to interoperate. nFAPI applies the idea to a centralized baseband unit (BBU) which can control a cluster of radio/antennas (theoretically in a multivendor system). Facebook’s idea is similar, but fully open source. "Many people might not realize that running their own cellular networks is not only possible but also doesn’t require substantial technical expertise" – Khashif Ali, Facebook Its platform has been design tested in Facebook’s headquarters in Menlo Park, California and outdoor tests are now in process, while Facebook will work with OEMs and ODMs to ensure wide availability of OpenCellular once it goes commercial. Terragraph and Aries Terragraph, like Open Cellular (but more futuristic), is targeted at building low cost cellular and WiFi small cells, but this time in dense urban environments. Complementing this, in a different layer of the RAN, is Project Aries, a concept design for a Massive MIMO macrocell for rural areas. Terragraph will make heavy use of WiGig, the Wi-Fi-like network for 60 GHz spectrum, and the nodes, which can be mounted on lamp posts or buildings, will use low cost chips and components, says Facebook. It claims Terragraph has an innovative routing protocol for im-roved collision detection and greater reliability, plus “SDN-like” cloud controllers to handle large numbers of cells efficiently and flexibly, targeting capacity where it is required at any one time. The system can support multi-Gbps links and is IPv6-only. Terra-graph is being trialled in San Jose, California. The first Project Aries (Antenna Radio Integration for Efficiency in Spectrum), prototype supports 96 antennas and 24 data streams, targeting spectral efficiency of 100bits/sec/Hz. So far, Facebook has demonstrated Aries at 71bps/Hz. Meanwhile, Facebook continues to experiment with new ways to backhaul its remote cells. It can be assumed that OpenCellular will be able to work as the terrestrial portion of Facebook’s various test networks involving drones or satellites with upload to the aerial device without the need for handsets to communicate directly with them. That would enable commodity cellphones to be used, further lowering costs for consumers and providers. Facebook engineer Kashif Ali wrote in a Facebook Code post at the time of OpenCellular’s launch in July: “The hardware was designed with simplicity in mind, to encourage people to deploy their own cellular networks. Many people might not realize that running their own cellular networks is not only possible but also doesn’t require substantial technical expertise.” Web giants target the heart of the network In that sentence lies the opportunity for a low cost approach to ubiquitous internet access – for things as well as people as the IoT develops – but also the threat to traditional operators and suppliers. The threat to established vendors is obvious, but there are also risks to the MNOs from new competitors which can start from scratch with low cost infrastructure and pursue a new business model. The web giants are used to making massive hardware investments, and they know how to get their money back on them – still largely through advertising - something mobile operators have yet to figure out, since they are stuck with a direct correlation between the capacity they build and the dollars they can charge for each Gbyte and Mbps of that capacity. Facebook and Google start from a very different place. At the Facebook F8 developer conference in April, CEO Mark Zuckerberg out-lined a 10-year roadmap to connect the whole world with its services, messages and APIs. This spans technologies at every point in the chain, including apps, robotics and artificial intelligence, and the network itself. Like Google, Facebook presumably does not want to be a network vendor, a modern version of Ericsson, but is showing the ecosystem what can be done, and hoping OEMs – old or new – will take its ideas and turn them into large-scale commercial systems. “It is not our intent to build and maintain and deploy these networks ourselves. We want to advance the state of the art,” said Jay Parikh, VP of engineering at Facebook. Copyright © 2016, Wireless Watch Wireless Watch is published by Rethink Research, a London-based IT publishing and consulting firm. This weekly newsletter delivers in-depth analysis and market research of mobile and wireless for business. Subscription details are here. *DWDM puts data from different sources together on an optical fibre with each signal carried by a different light wavelength. Because up to 80 different wavelengths of light can be transmitted over a single fibre in this way the technique allow more data to be transmitted without laying additional cable, and is thus very attractive to service providers. Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register EE, O2, Giffgaff, BT Mobile customers cut off as mobile networks fail BT cockup believed to be at heart of TITSUP communication 51 Comments ACCC issues mobile roaming regulation discussion paper Pigeons, meet cat Alternative Networks issues profit warning on soggy mobile bottom Caps on roaming charges - great for consumers, bad for suppliers 2 Comments Cheer up: UK mobile networks are perkier than Germany's Better latency than never 10 Comments Qualcomm, AT&T get together to test mobe networks for delivery drone control Can LTE cut it for real-time pizza delivery? 2 Comments Insecure IoT networks for medical data? Easily fixed, shrugs Arqiva LPWAN Forum Vodafone chips in: 'We'll soon do IoT networks too!' 5 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China Spotlight Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Will rush for New Radio compromise 5G quality? BT will HATE us for this one weird 5G trick WAN, bam, thank you... oh @£$%. We've gone dead. Drop the burger. RUUUUUN! NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners NEW JERSEY:The Jewish Standard United Kingdom:The Jewish News FOR PUBLISHERS:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Sunday, November 20, 2016 Heshvan 19, 5777 8:41 pm IST About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Start-Up Israel All the news and views from Silicon Wadi Read the Start-Up Daily Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel Inside Flex sees Israel startups key to new tech strategy Multinational electronics giant seeks to invest in or acquire companies with focus on health, IoT, virtual reality, auto tech By Shoshanna Solomon November 17, 2016, 12:13 pm Tweet Email Print Share Overhead shot of Flex's Migdal Ha'emek Innovation Center (Courtesy) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Flextronics Flex Michele Monico Related Stories When Israel banned Nazi-inspired ‘Stalag’ porn Puppets and dance in a festival on wheels in Jerusalem Hate watchdog ADL sees spike in giving after US election Israel cybersecurity tech helps NatWest catch online crooks Leonard Cohen died in sleep after falling El Al flights to Hong Kong, Brussels, canceled over labor dispute Yeshiva U officially names Ari Berman as new president Twitter suspends some accounts linked to alt-right Israeli convicted for targeting Romania’s anti-corruption chief San Jose, California-based Flex, an electronics manufacturer, is scouting Israel’s tech scene to invest in and acquire Israeli startups. The company, formerly called Flextronics, is one of the largest third-party manufacturers in the world, with 200,000 employees. Flex manufactures products for thousands of companies around the world and in Israel, making, for example, all the motherboards and network cards for Mellanox Technologies Ltd. as well as many components for global multinationals like Intel Corp. and GE Healthcare. After rebranding as Flex in 2015, the company is looking to tap into Israeli technologies to help it transform itself from an electronics manufacturing services company to an end-to-end supplier of production services. The new focus, said Michele Monico, Flex vice president of Design & Engineering for the EMEA region, is to work with customers in building smarter products for the connected world. And that is where Israel, with its technological edge, can play part. “We are positioning ourselves as a tech partner and not just a manufacturing partner,” said Monico said in an interview in Tel Aviv. “Together with the US, Israel is the densest territory for the creation of new technologies, and that is why we are looking to expand our activities here.” Half of Flex’s innovations come from Israel Operating in Israel for more than 20 years, mostly under the radar, Flex has today become the nation’s second-largest tech employer after Intel Corp., counting 3,500 employees in six locations including an R&D center in Haifa that employs around 60 people. Today, half of Flex’s global innovation comes from Israel, Monico said. The company plans to set up a second design center early next year in Haifa that will be “more than three times the current space,” he said. A few years ago, the company set up a global investment arm with the aim of incubating and accelerating home-grown technologies.Over the past three to four years this investment arm has injected $20 million in 6 different Israeli startups. “Flex is planning to invest in about three Israeli companies a year, with an average investment totaling $500,000 to $1 million,” Monico said. “We are looking to expand this activity because we saw good returns,” he said. “At the end of the day we are looking for added value to our core business. To position yourself as a tech partner you need to have that tech content in your pocket.” Monico forecast Flex operations in Israel to grow by around 25 percent annually and said the focus of the company’s investments here would be in digital health, the Internet of Things, industrial technologies, artificial and virtual reality technologies and in the new field of auto technologies. Flex works “with a lot of the leading OEM car manufacturing and focused on developing the technology for autonomous cars,” Monico said. “Israeli is a hotbed for innovation for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and in particular around vision/imaging systems. We are working with some Israeli startups who specialize in this technology block.” Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Flextronics,  Flex,  Michele Monico More in Israel Inside Netanyahu, lawyer in deep over alleged 'pay for play' submarine deal Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Start-Up Israel Current top stories New Pears Challenge to address India’s health woes By Shoshanna Solomon   Hands-free phone opens worlds for paralyzed users By Iacopo Luzi   Gett offers hurried New Yorkers new car pool service By Iacopo Luzi   Elbit unveils new security technology at Tel Aviv cyber conference By Luke Tress   Israel cybersecurity tech helps NatWest catch online crooks By Shoshanna Solomon   Start-Up Israel Blogs November 20, 2016, 7:53 pm The Start-Up Nation would do much better thinking outside the box on age Israel is known as the Start-Up Nation because Israelis - and Jews in general - are more...... Asaf Simon November 20, 2016, 7:02 am Israel Innovates and the World Takes Note Israel’s tech sector, one of the world’s most...... Carlos M. Gutierrez Jr. November 17, 2016, 6:12 pm Trump: Someday you people will explain to me what you’re doing During the presidential primary campaign earlier this year, the JTA quoted President-elect Donald Trump as making the...... Asaf Simon November 16, 2016, 7:08 pm AlmaLinks: The Russian immigrant engineering success In the 1980’s, as Soviet power began to wane, a wave of Jewish immigrants from its former...... Avichai Korn November 16, 2016, 11:41 am The Three Cardinal Interview Questions Preparing for an upcoming job interview can be paralyzing. There is simply no way to prepare for...... Gila Weinberg November 15, 2016, 6:40 pm How to take control of your money Throughout my experience as a Family Financial Advisor I have encountered many families who work hard, earn...... Suzy Kahati See all Start-Up Israel blogs Start a blog The Times of Israel Start-Up Israel Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Currency Rates   ILS USD EUR GBP CAD 1 ILS = 1.000 0.258 0.244 0.208 0.349 1 USD = 3.873 1.000 0.943 0.806 1.353 1 EUR = 4.105 1.060 1.000 0.854 1.434 1 GBP = 4.806 1.241 1.171 1.000 1.679 1 CAD = 2.862 0.739 0.697 0.596 1.000 Bank of Israel exchange rates for Friday, Nov 18, 2016 Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2016 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Microsoft join hands with Linux Foundation as platinum member Microsoft joins Cisco, Fujitsu, HPE, Huawei, IBM, Intel, NEC, Oracle, Qualcomm and Samsung to support Linux Foundation. Rohit KVN   November 17, 2016 10:24 IST 33 Shares 33 Shares Microsoft headquarters near ParisReuters Earlier this year, Microsoft collaborated with Canonical to introduce open-source OS platform Ubuntu to Windows 10-based devices. The Redmond-headquartered technology giant extended its commitment towards open source development by officially joining hands with Linux Foundation on November 16. Also read: Microsoft Surface phone images leak; when will Windows 10 mobile flagship be unveiled? Why advertise with us? Related OnePlus 3T to go on sale at O2 brick-and-more stores in UK next week CyanogenMod CM14.1 custom ROM nightly released to select branded phones The announcement came as a surprise to many tech pundits. Despite Microsoft's recent joint-venture projects with open source developer companies, many were sceptical that the relations between them were just for short-term mutual benefits, and nothing more. Also, Microsoft had always been working for closed ecosystem for its proprietary Windows OS and former company CEO Steve Ballmer had once labelled Linux as 'a cancer'. But since the elevation of Satya Nadella to the top rungs of Microsoft in early 2014, things have changed dramatically. For instance, Microsoft's decision to make the Office applications compatible to rival Apple iOS (& MacOS for PCs) and Google Android platform, which was previously thought to be ill-conceived, has done wonders for the company in terms of revenue. Earlier this year, Microsoft joined hands with Canonical to bring Ubuntu to Windows 10-based devices and it even did side projects with Linux Foundation, the most prominent ones being 00 Node.js Foundation, OpenDaylight, Open Container Initiative, R Consortium and Open API Initiative. Now, by officially inducting itself to the Linux Foundation, Microsoft has truly embraced the open source platform. "As a cloud platform company we aim to help developers achieve more using the platforms and languages they know," Scott Guthrie, executive vice president, Microsoft Cloud and Enterprise Group, said in a statement. "The Linux Foundation is home not only to Linux, but many of the community's most innovative open source projects. We are excited to join The Linux Foundation and partner with the community to help developers capitalise on the shift to intelligent cloud and mobile experiences."  Microsoft joins the ranks of Cisco, Fujitsu, HPE, Huawei, IBM, Intel, NEC, Oracle, Qualcomm and Samsung to support Linux Foundation. John Gossman, architect, Microsoft Azure team, has been inducted to the Linux Foundation Board of Directors. Also read Apple iPhone 8 tipped to come in three variants CashNoCash helps you find working ATMs [How to use ATM locator app] Quick Links Microsoft Samsung Post Comment IBT TV Close Black Friday: A quick history Why advertise with us? Latest News Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM 5 hours ago By Rohit KVN Apple iPhone 8 series tipped to boast upgraded dual-lens camera 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular When will Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus get Android 7.0 Nougat update? Motorola has revealed the list of devices that will receive the Android 7.0 Nougat, and it includes Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z on Verizon receive Android Nougat OS update; Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus to follow suit You are in luck if you are a Moto Z and Moto Z Force owner in the US having subscribed to Verizon. Reliance Jio vs RCom: Unlimited calls, free national roaming, 4G data bundles drive competition RCom and Jio have started a tough war in the telecom industry. Android 7.0 Nougat development for Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Tab S2 begins Samsung will end the beta test of Android 7.0 Nougat by mid-December, hinting its official roll out would begin soon. HP tipped to launch new Windows 10 handset with Microsoft Lumia phone features Microsoft is reportedly to offering Nokia Lumia's display and camera technology to build HP's new Windows 10 Mobile OS-powered phone. Pokemon Go Gen 2 rumored to surface on December 7 An employee of Starbucks is rumoured to have leaked an internal memo that contains references to the release date of Pokemon Go Gen 2. Mark your calendar to officially witness Nokia Android phones in 2017 The new smartphones would be Android powered devices, which would be a first for Nokia as a brand. Lenovo to launch K6 series in India soon, hints teaser Lenovo is expected to either launch K6 Power or K6 Note in India in coming weeks. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Florida Travel Orlando Attractions The Daily Disney Drones will light up holidays at Disney starting Nov. 20 300 drones will light up the holidays at Disney World - Orlando News Now A show using drones at Disney Springs will debut for the holidays. A brief clip Disney unveiled Monday shows people using remote-controlled devices that create a Christmas tree of green lights in the sky. A show using drones at Disney Springs will debut for the holidays. A brief clip Disney unveiled Monday shows people using remote-controlled devices that create a Christmas tree of green lights in the sky. Sandra Pedicini and Dewayne BevilContact ReportersOrlando Sentinel 300 drones will light up the holidays at Disney World Privacy Policy Three hundred drones will light up the sky above Walt Disney World in a new Christmas show called "Starbright Holidays." UPDATE: Disney announced that the drone show will run twice nightly starting Nov. 20. Performances will be at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through Jan. 8, according to the official Disney Parks Blog.  Twinkling in multiple colors while classic holiday songs provide a backdrop, the battery-powered drones — a collaboration with Intel — form holiday-inspired images, such as a dove that symbolizes peace or a green spiral that looks like a Christmas tree. The five-minute production at Disney Springs is the first show-drone performance of this scale in the United States. The show will take place above the water that separates the shopping-and-entertainment complex from the resort's Saratoga Springs area. The performance, first seen Wednesday night, should be considered a rehearsal, said Loyal Pyczynski, a research and development executive with Walt Disney Imagineering. He said that "Starbright Holidays" would join the Disney Springs lineup "later this holiday season." Disney has announced neither dates for the show nor how frequently it will be presented. Special airbags could protect Disney drones like giant bubble wrap Paul Brinkmann Disney is seeking patents for a unique new safety feature for its aerial drone light displays, according to a new patent application filed Thursday by Disney Enterprises. An airbag has been designed to deploy around the drone, like giant bubble-wrap, if it malfunctions or if sensors detect an imminent... Disney is seeking patents for a unique new safety feature for its aerial drone light displays, according to a new patent application filed Thursday by Disney Enterprises. An airbag has been designed to deploy around the drone, like giant bubble-wrap, if it malfunctions or if sensors detect an imminent... (Paul Brinkmann) As drone technology started progressing rapidly, "we were looking at that as a new way of expressing and telling new types of stories. We are excited about the capability," said Alfredo Ayala, who works with the R&D arm of Imagineering. "We're only talking about 300 drones. But what does it mean to the future. What is that limit? What can we do?" The show marks the U.S. public debut of the Intel Shooting Star drone. Intel designed the unmanned aerial vehicle specifically for entertainment purposes, such as festivals, air and light shows. Designed to be lightweight, the Intel Shooting Star drone is composed of a Styrofoam body and plastics. It weighs in at 280 grams, or less than the weight of a volleyball. The units are not as wide across as the average human man. Disney gets federal permission to fly drones over theme parks Sandra Pedicini Walt Disney Parks and Resorts has received federal permission to fly drones over its theme parks. The Federal Aviation Administration issued a waiver this week allowing Disney to use drones through November 2020. Disney asked for permission last year to fly the drones at Disneyland and Disney World... Walt Disney Parks and Resorts has received federal permission to fly drones over its theme parks. The Federal Aviation Administration issued a waiver this week allowing Disney to use drones through November 2020. Disney asked for permission last year to fly the drones at Disneyland and Disney World... (Sandra Pedicini) The drones in the "Starbright" show are equipped with four LED lights that can create more than 4 billion color combinations. A few moments after the music had ended and the drones turned dark Wednesday night, the drones turned red and could be seen returning to their starting point. Spotters had detected a helicopter within sight. "When they saw the helicopter, the pilot made the call to turn them red to make sure they were seen," said Josh Weldon, Intel senior vice president. The drones can fly for 20 minutes and are allowed by the FAA to fly as high as 400 feet, the altitude the units were seen at Wednesday. FAA permission came last week in a four-year waiver. All 300 drones are controlled by one computer, officials said. A 30-foot-by-30-foot section of parking lot near Cirque du Soleil theater is where the drones come from, Pyczynski said. "That's where we actually have not just 300 drones. We have 700 drones. We have two fleets there," he said. Disney is not ready to announce any future use of drones, Pyczynski said. "But if you look at the maturation of our fireworks shows, or our projection shows on our majestic castles around the world, or lasers, or anything else ... we're really excited to see how we can use these in the future as another medium of storytelling," he said. spedicini@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5240 or Twitter, @sandrapedicini; dbevil@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5477 or Twitter, @ThemeParks Copyright © 2016, Orlando Sentinel Drones Walt Disney World First look: 'Jingle Bell, Jingle Bam' at Disney's Hollywood Studios Disney Drone Show 2016 - raw video First look: Drone holiday show coming to Disney Springs IAAPA show vendors go all out: Jokers, zombies, rides, slides All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 64°
null
Navigation Forum News and Announcements Announcements If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Hundreds of Show Drones Light Up the Skies During the Holidays at Disney Springs at W Thread: Hundreds of Show Drones Light Up the Skies During the Holidays at Disney Springs at W Tags: None MousePlanet AutoPoster said: 11-16-2016 04:50 PM Hundreds of Show Drones Light Up the Skies During the Holidays at Disney Springs at W Its a first not just for Disney Parks, but in the United States: A new holiday experience at Disney Springs featuring 300 show drones illuminating the night sky. In Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration, guests will get a chance to watch Disney and Intel explore remarkable new technology. Accompanied by an original Disney arrangement of classic holiday songs recorded by a full orchestra, the sparkling experience invites guests to look up to sky and wish upon a holiday star. This is the first time a drone show of this scale has ever been performed in the U.S. Heres a brief sample of what will surprise and delight you this holiday season above the West Side of the Disney Springs waterfront: Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration will join other new holiday experiences at Disney Springs, including a brand-new Christmas Tree Trail, special seasonal entertainment, meet and greets with Santa, and festive dcor. More... Disney news, columns, articles, park guides, travel planning, discounts... it's all at MousePlanet Get instant MousePlanet updates on Twitter!   Log in Register Full Site Top vB.Sponsors Web Hosting Copyright ©2001 - 2016, MousePlanet, Inc.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Intel, Disney Light Up the Sky Over Walt Disney World Resort with New ‘Starbright Holidays’ Drone Show SANTA CLARA, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Intel and Walt Disney Parks and Resorts are collaborating on an innovative new holiday experience that will take place at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida over the holiday season. Using all-new Intel® Shooting StarTM drones, the “Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration” show will paint colorful images across the sky at the Disney Springs shopping, dining and entertainment district. “Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration” marks the first t Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 16, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Ithmar Capital und die Weltbank kündigen die Einrichtung einer Infrastrukturfazilität für ökologisches Wachstum und somit des ersten umweltfreundlichen Fonds für Afrika an Next Next post: ETL Systems launches high performance RF power amplifiers for jamming systems Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
null
The most read Vietnamese newspaper Follow us on                Edition: International   |   Vietnamese Home News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World Contact Us © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved Go The most read Vietnamese newspaper International Edition International Edition Vietnamese Edition Contact us | Follow us on        News Business Travel & Life Video World Browse all section News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World News Related News Vietnam’s English skills rank seventh in Asia . 16, 2016 Vietnamese beauty queen named and shamed for garbled English June. 23, 2016 U.S. Peace Corps to set up English teaching programs in Vietnam May. 24, 2016 Vietnam’s costly foreign language program declared a failure, but to little surprise By Dien Luong  &nbspNovember 17, 2016 | 02:00 am GMT+7 Representatives of Pennsylvania State University (L) talk with Vietnamese students during a US education fair in Hanoi. Photo by AFP/Hoang Dinh Nam After millions of dollars spent, Project 2020 appears to have met its doomed fate. An ambitious program aiming to churn out an English-savvy workforce is way behind its 2020 deadline and falling short of projected targets, the education minister has said. “Let me get it straight: the project has failed to meet its target,” Minister of Education and Training Phung Xuan Nha told lawmakers at a hearing of the National Assembly, Vietnam’s legislature, on Wednesday. At a conference in September, the education ministry for the first time admitted that the grand project was a failure since its implementation several years ago. Nha's statement on Wednesday yet again corroborated what experts and insiders have long predicted. “Project 2020 was doomed from the beginning,” Dennis Berg, who has worked as an educational consultant in Vietnam for over 20 years, said, referring to the program by its official name. “But people talk it up and keep it going because money is being spent,” said Berg, who also participated in the teachers’ training as part of the project. The project, carrying a budget of VND9.4 trillion ($443 million), was approved in 2008 by the government. It envisions that, by 2020, "most Vietnamese students graduating from secondary, vocational schools, colleges and universities will be able to use a foreign language confidently in their daily communication, their study and work in an integrated, multi-cultural and multi-lingual environment, making foreign languages a comparative advantage of development for Vietnamese people." Red tape dragged things out. It was not until 2012 when provinces and cities across the country began implementing the project, leaving the country only eight years to accomplish a task that took its better-off neighbors like Singapore or Malaysia several decades. With two-thirds of the population of over 90 million born after 1975, the project was expected to architect an English-proficient workforce that could propel the country to rub shoulders with its neighbors by 2015, the year marking the formation of Southeast Asia’s ASEAN Economic Community. According to a 2008 report prepared by Harvard University's Kennedy School, Intel, the world's largest computer chipmaker, said only 90 candidates out of 2,000 Vietnamese IT students passed its standardized assessment test in that year. Of this group only 40 individuals were sufficiently proficient in English to be hired. The report's authors said this was "the worst result” Intel had encountered in any country they had invested in. But some headway has been made since. A number of English teachers, tour operators and company executives here in Vietnam that VnExpress International spoke to confirmed that Vietnamese students have improved their English quite a bit over the last several years. Vietnam ranks 31st among 72 countries in the world and seventh among 19 Asian countries in English proficiency, according to the latest annual English Proficiency Index released this week by the Swiss Education First (EF), a global language training company. The level of English proficiency among Vietnamese people has increased considerably in the last five years. From 2012 to 2014, the country was classed among a group of countries with “low level” English skills, but has moved up to a “moderate level.” Experts have attributed this to the increased access to resources such as cable TV, the Internet and movies in English with subtitles. More students are taking expensive courses at language schools where they learn in an English-speaking environment, they say. Meanwhile, a rising number of the nouveaux riches, as well as some middle and upper-middle class families in Vietnam, where the annual average income was around $2,100 last year, are opting to send their children abroad for higher studies. “Vietnam has been afflicted with ‘English fever’ for quite some time,” said Mark Ashwill, an American educator who has lived and worked in Vietnam for over a decade, “with parents of means sending their young children to English centers in the hopes that a knowledge of English will give them a leg up academically and, in the future, professionally.” Vietnamese students from local high schools listen to a US college representative during a U.S. Higher Education Fair in Hanoi. Photo by AFP/Hoang Dinh Nam Given this, experts say perhaps the most obvious stumbling block for Project 2020 is that the quality of teachers has not kept pace with that of their students. "There are many English teachers who are behind their students in terms of capability," said Berg, the educational consultant. He recalled teaching a graduate research class for Vietnamese majoring in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL), and in the back row was a group of students with their translators next to them. "Most of the teachers in the public school system put in extremely long hours and don't have a lot of time," he said. "Without faculty development and changes in teacher training programs, the project will never meet its goals." At the parliamentary hearing on Wednesday, Nha, the education minister, said his ministry would focus on improving the curriculum and teachers’ capacity when retooling the project. But he stopped short of announcing a new completion date for the project, saying a new proposal would be submitted to the government for approval. The failure of Project 2020 came at a time when educators might have just recovered from the discouraging fact that English results in high school exit exams last summer were among the worst of the eight compulsory subjects. But just recently, the education ministry has set yet another ambitious yet vague goal to make English the second official language in the country, without spelling out the specific timeframe for it. To experts, this move is emblematic of the tendency to keep bringing forth unrealistic policies while ignoring or glossing over major problems that have plagued the country's education system for a long time. The experts say the major challenge for the Vietnam's education system is to have a clear, realistic vision and stick to it. “Vietnam is not good at strategic planning,” Berg said. “Let’s think of a project, can we make money with it, let’s milk it until it fails, by then we will have another project.” Chief among the long list of unrealistic projects is another initiated in 2010 to train 20,000 students at masters and doctorate levels overseas by 2020. Critics have dismissed it as impractical and a waste of resources. Then there’s another government plan, also launched in 2010, to build four international universities with at least one entering the world's top 200 by 2020. Experts say it took Asian economic powers like China or South Korea almost two decades to achieve this target, and Vietnam is in no position to outpace them. "There is a concept known as 'planning tension' that was popular under interpretations of Soviet-style planning,” said Jim Cobbe, a Fulbright scholar who has done extensive research on Vietnam's education system. “The idea is that it makes sense to sometimes give targets that are not really consistent with actual capacity, because that makes it more likely that people or organizations will 'stretch' their capacity to try to attain the target," Cobbe said. "The obvious problem is that sometimes if the target is too unrealistic and aspirational, they may become discouraged and do worse than they might have done with a realistic target." Related news: > Vietnam’s English skills rank seventh in Asia > Vietnamese beauty queen named and shamed for garbled English > U.S. Peace Corps to set up English teaching programs in Vietnam   Follow us on Facebook   Follow us on Twitter Tags: Vietnam education English education reform Comments (0) Latest first | Highest rated Latest firstHighest rated View more Your comment 20/1000 Tắt chia sẻ Log out   Your comment 0/1000   Read more Floating ghost ship found by Vietnamese fishermen Vietnamese jailed for trafficking women to China Roughly 16,000 patients await organs in Vietnam Fishermen rescue rare turtle in central Vietnam Boy trapped in construction hole for hours in central Vietnam Prince William visits Hanoi for wildlife conference Recommendation Another lucky Sunday brings Vietnam's fourth jackpot winner 1 Ho Chi Minh City confirms 5 new Zika cases 2 Major rhino horn seized at Vietnam airport 3 Vietnam, EU agree on clean timber licenses 4 Light at tunnel's end: Vietnam pledges tough action against illegal wildlife trade 5 Back to top Contact: Editorial News World Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Travel Food Culture & Arts Video What's On © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved   Reading: Vietnam’s costly foreign language program declared a failure, but to little surprise | Go News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World
null
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware MSI launches powerful small form factor PC for VR gaming It packs an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card By Tim Schiesser on Nov 16, 2016, 8:30 AM 12 comments TechSpot MSI has revealed a new small form factor gaming PC called the Trident, aimed at gamers who want to enter the world of virtual reality without building a massive desktop system. The Trident comes with either an Intel Core i5-6400 or Core i7-6700 CPU on a custom-made MSI motherboard with an Intel H110 chipset. The motherboard and CPU sit on one side of the small enclosure, while on the other side is a mini-ITX variant of MSI's GeForce GTX 1060 in either 3GB or 6GB configurations. The entire system takes up just 4.7 liters of space, and weighs 3.2 kilograms, making it the perfect system to bring along to a LAN party or other event. MSI claims the Trident will be fairly quiet: the Silent Storm Cooling 2 solution is apparently just 31 dB under full load. The gamer-styled case packs RGB LED lighting as well. Internally you'll find space for two DDR4-2133 SO-DIMM sticks, a 2.5-inch SATA drive, and an M.2 SSD, although these slots will be filled for you if you opt for MSI's full system configuration. I/O consists of a USB 3.1 Type-A port along with four USB 2.0 ports on the rear, plus a single USB-C port and two USB 3.1 Type-A ports on the front. The Trident will be available this month starting at $899 as a pre-configured system, or $599 as a barebones kit. The starting price here is a fair bit cheaper than Zotac's competing Magnus EN1060 barebones compact GTX 1060 gaming PC, however Zotac's system is smaller despite MSI's claims of the "world’s smallest true gaming PC." Related Reads MSI VR One PC-in-a-backpack goes up for pre-order MSI refines backpack PC, calls it the VR One USB 3.1 spotted at Computex on Asus and MSI motherboards 12 comments 126 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… HP Z2 Mini boasts workstation-class specs in a tiny package Kaby Lake desktop lineup may include an overclockable Core i3 EVGA patch prevents GeForce 10-series cards from going up in flames Popular 38 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks 11 comments Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 12 ... User Comments: 12 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 110 Which is your favorite PC component manufacturer? 118 What type of keyboard do you use? 34 The $35, 64-bit Raspberry Pi 3 is here: now 50 percent faster and with built-in Wi-Fi Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Computing / Laptop / Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 13 review 0 shares Read Comments By Michael Passingham Updated: 16 November 2016 Awards 1 of 7 Summary Our Score: 9 Page 1: Design, keyboard, screen and speakers Page 2: Performance and battery life Video Review 6 Pictures Best Deals Pros Compact and attractive design Great CPU performance All-day battery life Cons No Intel Iris Graphics Gappy touchpad and keyboard Bizarre webcam placement Best Deals for Dell XPS 13 Key Features 2.7-3.5GHz Dual-core Intel Core i7-7500U (Core i5 available) 8GB DDR4 RAM (16GB available) Intel HD Graphics 620 256GB PCIE SSD (128GB, 512GB and 1TB available) 2x USB 3, 1x USB 3.1/Thunderbolt 3 combination, 3.5mm headset jack, SD card slot 1.29kg (Full HD model 1.2kg) 13.3-inch QHD+ 3,200x1,800-pixel touch screen Manufacturer: Dell Review Price: £1,299.00 What is the Dell XPS 13? Dell’s XPS 13 is back for 2016 with an updated specification that includes more efficient Intel Kaby Lake processors and longer battery life. While the 2015 edition won our coveted Laptop of the Year award last time out, the 2016 model faces stiff competition from rival Windows 10 machines such as the HP Spectre, Lenovo IdeaPad 710S, Razer Blade Stealth and the veritable bargain that is the Asus ZenBook UX310UA. Then there’s also the brand-new 2016 MacBook Pro to contend with. Despite the rise in competition, Dell does more than enough with the XPS 13 to make it the most desirable Windows Ultrabook around. Related: MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 13 Watch: Dell XPS 13 video review Dell XPS 13 – Design and Build The new XPS 13 design has been around for a couple of years, but nobody has successfully replicated its trademark ‘InfinityEdge’ bezel that gives this machine its unique profile. It still looks great, as does the carbon-fibre finish on the palm rest. The palm rest does start to look a little greasy after use, but it's not as significant as it is on darker, metal-finished laptops. Related: Best Laptops to Buy The lid, previously only available in silver, can now also be bought in rose gold. The same colour is also found along the bottom half of the laptop’s edges, which makes for a slightly odd-looking pink-bronze sandwich with a matte black filling. I’m not convinced that it looks better than the silver model, but many of my colleagues were smitten with the new design, so it’s clearly a matter of taste. Like any pure metal laptop lid, I was obsessively worried about scratching it, and while I didn’t damage it during my testing, a ding or two feels inevitable in the average life of an ultra-portable laptop. The model I was sent for review is the touchscreen version, which weighs in at 1.29kg. If you pick one of the matte, non-touch models that’ll drop to 1.2kg. It’s neither lightest nor the heaviest in its size category, but it certainly won’t be a strain on your shoulder when it’s stuffed into a satchel. You get a full complement of useful ports on the XPS 13, including two full-size USB 3.0 connectors and a single Thunderbolt 3/USB 3.1-C combination port. The latter can be used for high-power, high-bandwidth devices with a maximum throughput of 40GB/s. It's perfect for high-end monitors and storage arrays – something videographers will appreciate. Elsewhere, there’s an SD card slot, a 3.5mm headset jack and a small button the left side to check the battery’s charge level when the machine is switched off. It’s a fine selection of ports that’s more generous than all of its rivals, although higher-end users might actually miss the three extra Thunderbolt 3 ports offered by the high-end MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Related: What is USB-C? The keyboard is standard Dell fare, with small, backlit, chiclet keys. It doesn’t feel overly cramped, even when you consider the Dell’s reduced footprint, although the overall design and feel of the keyboard have been made to look pretty dated by the latest MacBook Pro. It’s unfortunate, because nothing’s changed and it’s actually a very good 'board. The keys on the top row double up as dedicated function keys for all the usual controls, including media playback, volume, keyboard backlight and screen brightness. The touchpad is among the best found on Windows laptops. While it isn’t as responsive as any MacBook Pro, it comes a very close second. The surface is smooth and comfortable, gestures are reliable, and physical clicks are satisfying. Palm rejection is dependable, too – even when typing with my palms resting on the corners of the pad, I never activated any rogue clicks or swipes. As you can see from the picture above, there's a fairly significant gap between the touchpad and the palm rest, and you might also spot that a tiny piece of tissue paper has found its way into it. The same goes for the keys, which aren't properly flush with the chassis. It may sound finnicky and fussy, but at this price point every flaw counts. Dell XPS 13 – Screen You get two choices of screen on the Dell XPS 13. My model came with the glossy, touch-enabled 3,200 x 1,800 panel, but there’s also a matte Full HD option available. Performance is excellent. I measured its maximum brightness at 303 nits, while 0.3-nit black levels equate to a good 1,010:1 contrast ratio, which produces stark contrast between vibrant colours and more subtle shades. The screen covers 92.6% of the sRGB colour gamut, which is great for photographers working in that colour space. However, Adobe RGB and DCI P3 coverage are somewhat wanting, at 71.7% and 67.8% respectively. It’s here where the MacBook Pro holds an advantage – its massive 98.8% DCI P3 coverage means video professionals won’t need an external monitor to get an accurate look at what they’re working on, where Dell users will. For everybody else less concerned with hyper-accurate colours, the Dell XPS 13 does a great job of displaying vibrant tones and is more than good enough for image editing and watching a few videos. I like the addition of a touch-sensitive panel – sometimes it’s just more comfortable to scroll up and down using the screen instead of a touchpad. The protective glass over the touch layer does make for a fairly reflective surface, but no more so than any other glossy-screened laptop. Dell XPS 13 – Audio and Webcam From an audio standpoint, the Dell XPS 13 is much less attractive than the MacBook Pro. The speakers, which fire from the left and right edges of the machine, aren’t great and lack depth. The pre-installed audio-mixing software can make a difference by artificially boosting lower-end sounds, but all the software enhancements in the world can’t save a mediocre set of speakers. They are at least loud and will be fine for watching YouTube videos, but not so great for movies or music. The webcam is of a decent quality, although in order to make the ultra-thin bezel possible it’s been moved to the bottom left of the screen. It’s not a dealbreaker, but it does mean you have to push the screen back a little further than you might want in order to give your chat partners a better view of your face. The microphone is fine – it picked up my voice from a normal sitting position pretty well, although I did catch a little static hissing in what was, in reality, a silent room. Go to page 2: Performance and battery life Best Deals for Dell XPS 13 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Trade of the Day: Intel Corporation (INTC) Climbing Once More The dying PC market isn't stopping INTC stock By Sam Collins, InvestorPlace Chief Technical Analyst  |  Nov 16, 2016, 7:13 am EST     Popular Posts: Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Trade of the Day: Intel Corporation (INTC) Climbing Once More Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Recent Posts: Dow Jones Continues Charging Ahead Trade of the Day: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) a Healthy Investment S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation View All Posts Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) — This designer and manufacturer of digital technology platforms was last reviewed by me on June 9, when I recommended it as a buy “under $31” with a trading target at $37. The target was achieved on Sept. 16, when it gapped to open at over $37.50. Prior to the June 9 report I suggested Intel “as a solid long-term investment for participation in the upcoming results provided by 5G technology.” Longer-term investors who, as a result of that report, purchased Intel in February at $27.50 are encouraged to continue to hold it as a long-term cornerstone investment in the technology sector. In mid-October, Standard & Poor’s retained its four-star buy rating on Intel’s stock, reflecting an improvement in fundamentals through 2016 and 2017. Data Center growth has not been as robust as expected, but higher cloud growth and the recent introduction of Intel’s Broadwell-based servers have exceeded expectations and are the basis of an increase in S&P’s earnings forecast. A steady increase in cash flow will likely enable Intel stock to hike its dividends and share repurchase plans. This year more than half of total profits are resulting from non-PC markets, and S&P expects this trend to accelerate. Thus they have increased their 12-month target by $2 to $41 based on a peer-average price-to-earnings ratio of 14.7X their 2017 estimate of $2.79, up from $2.63 in 2016. The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 Following the March high at $32.75, INTC consolidated around its 50- and 200-day moving averages but broke to under $30 in mid-May. The break formed the bottom of a Cup which evolved into a bullish Cup-&-Handle formation. A breakout on July 7 signaled an advance to Intel stock’s high of the year and a triple top at about $38. The top was confirmed in mid-October when support at the 50-day moving average was crushed by a gap down from $37.53 to $36.09. The short-term sell-off continued until the trend stabilized last week, signaled by a double bottom and CBR Buy signal, just above its 200-day moving average. Yesterday a new MACD buy signal and a break above the 20-day moving average (green line) confirmed that a likely bottom has formed. Thus traders might profit from a full reversal, buying the stock at under $35 with a trading target of $40 for a trading profit of over 14% in 90 days. Click to Enlarge Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/trade-day-intel-corporation-intc-stock-ipmedia/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Mutual Funds for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement The 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Most Popular Most Commented 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Dow Jones Continues Charging Ahead 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Could Soar on … Google Maps? Trade of the Day: Array BioPharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Looking Forward To The Linux 4.10 Kernel Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 16 November 2016 at 08:00 AM EST. 9 Comments The Linux 4.9 kernel will be officially released in about three weeks but there is already new features/functionality to get excited about for Linux 4.10. From the Phoronix perspective, here is what has been on our radar already as changes for Linux 4.10 for our areas of interest in the kernel: - The start of "Make WiFi Fast" improvements are expected to begin arriving with 4.10. - Hopefully we'll finally see merged the Turbo Boost Max 3.0 support. - Generic governors support for Intel P-State is a likely candidate. - Btrfs is expected to have more internal changes. - F2FS has been working on native multi-device support. - Better power management and a new VM manager for AMDGPU. But no, there isn't CIK/SI support by default nor DAL. - Long-awaited Nouveau improvements including the initial "boost" support, the Nouveau LED driver, GP102 support, and also exciting is initial atomic mode-setting support and DP MST (DisplayPort Multi-Stream Transport) handling with big changes to the Nouveau KMS code. - Lots of churn to the Intel DRM driver, as usual, especially continued work for Gen9 and later. - The ZTE XZ DRM driver is going to be added. - Allwinner A31 support in its DRM display driver. - Exposing the EFI frame-buffer configuration to display custom status strings during firmware updates. Plus many other changes are to come with Linux 4.10. Most of our early 4.10 coverage is obviously about the DRM/graphics improvements but once the Linux 4.10 merge window opens in December, there will be my usual plethora of coverage of all the interesting kernel changes followed of course by benchmarks. 9 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau Kernel Lockdown Patches Published (LOCK_DOWN_KERNEL) Explicit Fencing For Atomic DRM Drivers Coming In Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9-rc5 Released, 4.9 On Track For Possible Release In Three Weeks ZTE ZX DRM Driver Proposed For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9-rc4 Kernel Released Popular News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME 3.22.2 Released GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Latest Linux News Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9 Has Tear-Free PRIME Offloading Between Intel & AMDGPU POWER8 Talos Workstation Drops Price Slightly, Long Way From Being Funded WSL-Distribution-Switcher Swaps Out Ubuntu For Other Distros On Windows Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Now Has Patches For Fast Clears Enhanced File Stats Being Worked On For The Linux Kernel GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan Hits New Milestone New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau EGL_ANDROID_native_fence_sync Patches For Mesa Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far November 16 AAPL: 109.99 2.88 ArsTechnica review explains why Apple had to use AMD GPUs in the 15″ MacBook Pro Ben Lovejoy - 4 days ago @benlovejoy MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit One slightly surprising spec in the new 15-inch MacBook Pro line-up is that even the base model got an AMD GPU. Previously, Apple has offered only integrated GPU in the base model, reserving discrete graphics for the higher-specced models. John Gruber noticed that the ArsTechnica review explains this: it was the only way to allow the machine to drive two 5K monitors. And the reason for that is that Apple had to use something of a workaround to achieve it … When you hook one of LG’s 5K monitors to one of the new MacBook Pros, what you’re actually seeing on the screen is two pictures stitched together to make a single seamless image. This is because the version of the DisplayPort spec supported by Intel’s GPUs and almost all monitors these days—version 1.2—doesn’t have enough bandwidth to drive a 5K display at 60Hz all by itself. This will change with DisplayPort 1.3, which is right on the cusp of going mainstream, but it’s not here yet. Apple is actually pushing two DisplayPort 1.2 streams to the monitor over the single Thunderbolt 3 cable. Intel’s GPUs only support three display streams in total. Given that a single 5K monitor requires two of them, that would mean all of them would be used driving the internal display plus one 5K monitor. AMD GPUs, in contrast, support six streams. This allows 15-inch MacBook Pro models to use four of them to drive two 5K monitors, a fifth to drive the internal display and still have one left over (which could drive an additional 4K display). The Ars review said that Apple likely made the decision to avoid the confusion that would have ensued if some 15-inch models supported two 5K monitors while others were limited to one. By using Intel Iris graphics in the 13-inch model and AMD Radeon Pro across the 15-inch models, Apple got a nice simple story: the 13-inch models support one 5K display, the 15-inch models two. This is also the reason Apple couldn’t opt for faster Nvidia GPUs, says Ars. Power consumption aside—the laptop version of the GTX 1060, Nvidia’s slowest Pascal-based laptop chip, has an 85W TDP where the MacBook Pro’s AMD GPUs are all 35W—Nvidia’s cards support a maximum of four displays. And while Nvidia’s GPUs support DisplayPort 1.3, the Thunderbolt 3 controller and most monitors only support 1.2. It does raise the question of whether Apple might offer an Nvidia-specced option once DisplayPort 1.3 is more widely supported. At that point, an Nvidia GPU’s four display streams could drive the internal display plus up to three 5K monitors. We’re starting to learn more about the innards of the new machine now that they are shipping. We heard yesterday that the SSD is non-upgradable, today confirmed by an iFixit teardown, which also revealed that the speaker grilles appear to be purely cosmetic. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.

This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Dell XPS 13 (2016) review: Powerful, light and well-made By Sandra Vogel | November 16, 2016 -- 10:02 GMT (02:02 PST) | Topic: Laptops Editors' rating 8.5 Excellent Average user rating Not yet rated Editors' review Specs Pros Intel 7th Generation (Kaby Lake) processors Very good (although oversold) battery life Slim and lightweight Compact for a 13-inch laptop Solid build Cons Rose gold chassis is an expensive option A little less than a year ago ZDNet found the Dell XPS 13 to be a 'stylish slimline business workhorse with all-day battery life'. Dell has upped the ante with the 2016 model, bringing Intel's 7th Generation Core (Kaby Lake) processors into a mix of specifications that gives buyers plenty of choice. The XPS 13's screen fits into a compact chassis thanks to its thin-bezel InfinityEdge design. The thin top bezel means that the webcam is relocated to the bottom left corner. Image: Dell The XPS 13 is an ultraportable laptop that packs a 13.3-inch screen into a chassis that seems, on paper, to be too small for the job. The secret here is what Dell calls InfinityEdge which results in 5.2mm of bezel on the top and sides, and around 20mm along the bottom of the screen. Compare this to the bezel on HP's EliteBook 1030 G1, which is referred to as 'near edge-to-edge', where we find a bezel measuring 5mm on the sides, 13mm at the top and 18mm along the bottom. Overall, the XPS 13's chassis measures 304mm wide by 200mm deep by 9-15mm thick. Compared to a sheet of A4 paper, the XPS 13 is 7mm wider and 10mm shallower. As well as being small,the XPS 13 is also lightweight: non-touch versions start at 1.2kg, while a touchscreen brings the starting weight up to 1.29kg. This is a very tough laptop. The aluminium chassis is solid and I found it difficult to flex the screen between my hands. The Corning Gorilla Glass NBT touchscreen provides added strength and scratch resistance, and Dell emphasises the palm rest's carbon fibre construction, saying it has the strength of aluminium but is lighter, and feels cooler. I can attest to the cooler finish, and would add that its slightly soft, rubberised finish is also welcome. The 13.3-inch screen is available in touch and non-touch versions, at FHD (1,920x1,080) or 3,200 by 1,800 resolution. We reviewed the high-res touchscreen version. Image: Dell Top ZDNET Reviews Dell Latitude 11 5000 7.9 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Amazon Echo 9.0 Google Pixel XL Phone 8.0 The screen is superb, although it's reflective, which is a bit of an annoyance. However, the tiny bezel somehow makes it feel more pleasant to work on than screens that sit inside a wide, dark frame. My review unit had a resolution of 3,200 by 1,800 pixels (276ppi) and delivered fantastic detailing. Lower-resolution FHD (1,920 x 1,080, 166ppi) screens are also available. The narrow upper bezel means the webcam has been relocated from the middle of the upper bezel to the bottom left corner of the screen, which has some usability consequences. When positioned in my normal typing position, in the middle of the laptop, I found my head sat slightly right of centre in the webcam image. It didn't take much manoeuvring to get my head central -- I just had to learn to sit off-centre when using the camera. Eyes were more of a problem. When the webcam is in its usual position, you seem to be looking ahead at your interlocutor. In this case looking ahead delivers the effect of staring off into the middle distance. Additionally, the camera's view is not head-on to full face, but angles upwards from the chin. If you're a regular video conferencing user you might want to check this out and make sure you're happy with it. The keyboard is backlit and well set up for touch-typists, although the cursor keys are somewhat cramped. Image: Dell The keyboard has a slender Enter key and somewhat cramped cursor keys. The Fn keys are slightly narrower and somewhat shorter than the main keys, which those with stubby fingers might find a little tricky to use. To be fair, these compromises are down to the relatively small keyboard area, and the main keys are all well spaced and large enough to hit accurately. The overall feel of the keys is slightly less robust than I like, but that's a matter of personal preference, and I was able to touch type at my normal speed. There's a keyboard backlight, which can be toggled through two brightness levels and turned off via a Fn key. The trackpad is wide enough to take the cursor right across the width of the screen in one sweep, and was nicely responsive. One of the star attractions of the 2016 Dell XPS 13 is Intel's 7th generation (Kaby Lake) processor, which should contribute towards battery life (see below). But don't expect to use this laptop for intensive graphics work: the GPU is upgraded to Intel HD Graphics 620, but, like other CPU-integrated graphics, it's no substitute for a dedicated graphics chipset. Our review sample ran a 2.7-3.5GHz Core i7-7500U with 8GB of RAM, and there are also Core i5 options in the lineup. Indeed, there are no fewer than 11 different configurations of the new XPS 13 available on Dell's UK website. One of the reasons for this is the option for a rose gold chassis. For example, my review unit most closely matched the model retailing for £1,329 (inc. VAT, or £1,107 ex. VAT). That model is identical to the £1,299 (inc. VAT, or £1,082 ex. VAT) version apart from its rose gold chassis colour -- it looks great, but does add a fair bit to the price. Compared to the £1,329 model, our review unit had the benefit of an upgrade from the Windows 10 Home to Windows 10 Pro. In fact, there are no Windows 10 Pro versions available off the page, although you can opt for Ubuntu Linux. SSD storage capacity across the 11 off-the-page configurations ranges from 128GB to 1TB; our review sample had 256GB. The XPS 13 has USB 3.0 ports on each side, plus a USB-C Thunderbolt port, an SD card reader and a 3.5mm audio jack. An optional USB-C adapter provides HDMI, VGA, Ethernet and further USB 3.0 connectivity. Image: Dell Ports and slots are the same as on last year's model, in the same places (on the left and right edges). There are two USB 3.0 ports, one on each edge and one with PowerShare. There's also a USB-C Thunderbolt 3 port, an SD card reader, and a 3.5mm headset jack. Depress a small button on the left edge and up to five tiny white LEDs illuminate to indicate the remaining battery charge. This is very useful for determining whether a recharge is required before leaving the home or office, without having to boot up the laptop. I don't understand why this feature isn't more common. So, what about battery life? Last year we found that the XPS 13 would manage an 8-hour working day on battery power, which was fine, except that Dell claimed up to 18 hours for the 2015 model. For the 2016 model, Dell claims up to 22 hours of use if you're working with the lower-resolution FHD display. The main product page is unforthcoming concerning the 3,200-by-1,800 display, but elsewhere I found a quote of up to 13 hours for the high-res screen and a Core i5 processor. With a Core i7 and the high-res screen, we can assume that the theoretical battery life is closer to 13 hours than 22. During testing I worked pretty much non-stop for five hours using a range of online services, depleting the battery to 70 percent in the process. On that basis, a full 8-hour day plus an evening's work should be achievable, which is what business users probably want to know. Still, Dell should be much more explicit about battery life expectations across different configurations at its primary public-facing point of contact -- the product web page. Conclusions The 2016 Dell XPS 13 is a superb ultraportable laptop. Powerful, light and well-made, it's available in a range of standard configurations, each of which can be further customised. The rose gold finish seems an expensive luxury, but the choice is yours. Dell should be more up front at its main web page about the differences in battery life expectation between configurations. Still, we found that a full working day and more is achievable from our high-end review unit, which combined the highest screen resolution and most powerful processor. If you're in the market for an ultraportable, Dell's new XPS 13 is a good choice. You might also want to check out HP's EliteBook 1030 G1. Read more reviews LeEco Le Pro3 review: Excellent hardware, affordable price, obtrusive software and services 10 reasons the BlackBerry DTEK60 is good for business Panasonic Toughpad FZ-N1 review: A rugged 4.7-inch handset for mobile workers in demanding environments Sprint HTC Bolt review: LTE Plus network in a middling water resistant aluminum unibody shell Specifications RAM Installed Size 8 GB LPDDR3 1866MHz Processor Type 7th Generation Core i7 Processor Number 7th Generation 7500U Manufacturer Intel Clock Speed 3.5 GHz Monitor Diagonal Size 13.3 ��� QHD+ (3200 x 1800) InfinityEdge touch display Operating System / Software OS Provided: Type Windows 10 Home 64-bit English Video Output Graphics Processor Intel HD Graphics Topics: Laptops, Dell, Mobility, Reviews Where To Buy Dell $1,649.99 Top ZDNET Reviews Gyration Air Mouse Voice LeEco LePro 3 8.1 Panasonic Toughpad FZ-N1 8 HTC Bolt 8.3 Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. User Reviews Powered by Livefyre Add your Review Where To Buy Dell XPS 13 Touch Rose Gold Edition Laptop -DNDNT5161H Part Number: CNETDNDNT5161H Dell $1,649.99 See It Related Stories Hardware Gyration Air Mouse Voice, First Take: Multi-function mouse gets voice-activated presentation effects Mobility LeEco Le Pro3 review: Excellent hardware, affordable price, obtrusive software and services Mobility Panasonic Toughpad FZ-N1 review: A rugged 4.7-inch handset for mobile workers in demanding environments × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
  Home Topics Archives About Contact  RSS Headlines « Intel to invest more than $250M over next two years in autonomous driving; “Data is the new oil” | Main | U-M offers open-access automated cars to advance driverless research » Print this post Hyundai adds Blue Link skill for Amazon Alexa 16 November 2016 At AutoMobility LA, Hyundai announced the addition of a Blue Link skill for Amazon Alexa. (Earlier post.) Hyundai owners now have the convenience of locking, unlocking and remote-starting their vehicles from the comfort of their couch, kitchen or bedroom using voice commands. The new Blue Link skill for Amazon Alexa is available across Alexa-enabled devices and Hyundai vehicles equipped with the second generation of Blue Link. Adding even more convenience to the ownership experience, owners of the all-new Hyundai IONIQ Electric and Plug-in Electric vehicles are able to start and stop the charge of their cars with the ease of simple voice commands with the Blue Link skill. Hyundai owners can request various functions of their car including: Remote start and stop charging of the Hyundai IONIQ Electric, IONIQ Plug-in and Sonata Plug-in Remote engine start with climate control across all supported Hyundai models Remote door lock/unlock across all Hyundai models Remote horn/lights across all Hyundai models equipped Blue Link brings connectivity directly into the car with technology like Remote Start with Climate Control, Destination Search powered by Google, Remote Door Lock/Unlock, Car Finder, Enhanced Roadside Assistance, and Stolen Vehicle Recovery. Blue Link can be easily accessed from the buttons on the rearview mirror, the web, or via smartphone app. In addition to the new Blue Link skill, some of these features can be controlled via the latest Android Wear and Apple Watch smartwatch offerings. The Blue Link skill for Amazon Alexa is compatible with second generation Blue Link equipped vehicles. These vehicles include: All 2017 model Blue Link equipped vehicles The following 2016 model vehicles: Genesis, Azera, Tucson, Sonata (SE, Sport Limited, Sport 2.0T, Limited 2.0T, Eco 1.6T), Sonata Hybrid (Limited Ultimate package), Veloster (Tech package), Elantra GT (Tech package) The following 2015MY vehicles: Genesis, Sonata, Azera. To send commands to Hyundai vehicles via Alexa, users must enable the Blue Link skill in their Alexa app available on iOS, Android and Fire tablets, and then link their existing Blue Link account within the Alexa app. Voice commands will only be sent to Hyundai vehicles after Alexa prompts owners for their Blue Link Personal Identification Number (PIN). November 16, 2016 in Connected vehicles, Vehicle Manufacturers | Permalink | Comments (1) Comments Amazon is taking the lead on AI because they have opened up their system for others to develop its capabilities. Microsoft, Apple and Google need to do the same if have not already done so. Talking AI systems are going to be the next big thing in the tech industry for sure. In 5 years time or so we should be able to have an elaborate conversation with an AI like Alexa not being able to tell weather it is human or just an AI. It will make everybody smarter. We need that for sure. Posted by: Henrik | November 16, 2016 at 01:38 AM Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been posted. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment This weblog only allows comments from registered users. To comment, please Sign In. You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. Entering text activates the Post and Preview buttons.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL This weblog only allows comments from registered TypeKey users. To comment, please enable JavaScript so you can sign into TypeKey. Green Car Congress © 2016 BioAge Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved. | Home | BioAge Group
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About TECHNOLOGY Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story tickets go on sale tomorrow Rogue One: A Star Wars Story tickets go on sale tomorrow Star Wars 10:15 AM Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them review: sometimes plotless but still magical Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them review: sometimes plotless but still magical Harry Potter 2 days ago Tesla shareholders approve $2.6 billion SolarCity merger Tesla shareholders approve $2.6 billion SolarCity merger Elon Musk 2 days ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week Wired Weekender 2 days ago Crimes of the future will be solved by robo-CSIs, smell and VR Crimes of the future will be solved by robo-CSIs, smell and VR Crime 1 day ago CGI scans will allow actors to return to their youth... forever CGI scans will allow actors to return to their youth... forever The WIRED World in 2017 2 days ago Snooper's Charter is set to become law: how the Investigatory Powers Bill will affect you Snooper's Charter is set to become law: how the Investigatory Powers Bill will affect you Surveillance 4 days ago Airbnb has taken on hotels, now it's gunning for the whole travel industry with Trips Airbnb has taken on hotels, now it's gunning for the whole travel industry with Trips Airbnb 3 days ago Airbnb prepping to be IPO-ready, but still has no 'near-term' plans Airbnb prepping to be IPO-ready, but still has no 'near-term' plans Airbnb 3 days ago Watch Sony's stunning story trailer for The Last Guardian Watch Sony's stunning story trailer for The Last Guardian Gaming 2 days ago London’s Night Tube will start on the Northern line this weekend London’s Night Tube will start on the Northern line this weekend Transport 2 days ago VR will allow us to live in another world of our own design VR will allow us to live in another world of our own design The WIRED World in 2017 2 days ago Apps are dying, here come the bots: Podcast 294 Apps are dying, here come the bots: Podcast 294 Podcast 2 days ago 130,000 Three Mobile customers affected after three men access customer database 130,000 Three Mobile customers affected after three men access customer database Privacy 1 day ago Make your own nature documentaries with David Attenborough's new app Make your own nature documentaries with David Attenborough's new app David Attenborough 3 days ago Russia has blocked LinkedIn Russia has blocked LinkedIn Linkedin 3 days ago Sea Hero Quest game aims to diagnose dementia by testing navigation skills Sea Hero Quest game aims to diagnose dementia by testing navigation skills Dementia 3 days ago SpaceX seeks approval for huge satellite internet cluster SpaceX seeks approval for huge satellite internet cluster Spacex 3 days ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Rogue One: A Star Wars Story tickets go on sale tomorrow Rogue One: A Star Wars Story tickets go on sale tomorrow Star Wars 10:15 AM Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them review: sometimes plotless but still magical Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them review: sometimes plotless but still magical Harry Potter 2 days ago Tesla shareholders approve $2.6 billion SolarCity merger Tesla shareholders approve $2.6 billion SolarCity merger Elon Musk 2 days ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week Wired Weekender 2 days ago Crimes of the future will be solved by robo-CSIs, smell and VR Crimes of the future will be solved by robo-CSIs, smell and VR Crime 1 day ago CGI scans will allow actors to return to their youth... forever CGI scans will allow actors to return to their youth... forever The WIRED World in 2017 2 days ago Snooper's Charter is set to become law: how the Investigatory Powers Bill will affect you Snooper's Charter is set to become law: how the Investigatory Powers Bill will affect you Surveillance 4 days ago Airbnb has taken on hotels, now it's gunning for the whole travel industry with Trips Airbnb has taken on hotels, now it's gunning for the whole travel industry with Trips Airbnb 3 days ago Airbnb prepping to be IPO-ready, but still has no 'near-term' plans Airbnb prepping to be IPO-ready, but still has no 'near-term' plans Airbnb 3 days ago Watch Sony's stunning story trailer for The Last Guardian Watch Sony's stunning story trailer for The Last Guardian Gaming 2 days ago London’s Night Tube will start on the Northern line this weekend London’s Night Tube will start on the Northern line this weekend Transport 2 days ago VR will allow us to live in another world of our own design VR will allow us to live in another world of our own design The WIRED World in 2017 2 days ago Apps are dying, here come the bots: Podcast 294 Apps are dying, here come the bots: Podcast 294 Podcast 2 days ago 130,000 Three Mobile customers affected after three men access customer database 130,000 Three Mobile customers affected after three men access customer database Privacy 1 day ago Make your own nature documentaries with David Attenborough's new app Make your own nature documentaries with David Attenborough's new app David Attenborough 3 days ago Russia has blocked LinkedIn Russia has blocked LinkedIn Linkedin 3 days ago Sea Hero Quest game aims to diagnose dementia by testing navigation skills Sea Hero Quest game aims to diagnose dementia by testing navigation skills Dementia 3 days ago SpaceX seeks approval for huge satellite internet cluster SpaceX seeks approval for huge satellite internet cluster Spacex 3 days ago Technology WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 16 CRISPR gene editing is getting its first human trial, Twitter has introduced new anti-harassment features By WIRED 4 days ago By WIRED Wednesday 16 November 2016 Your WIRED daily briefing. Today, CRISPR gene editing is getting its first human trial, Snapchat is readying itself for an IPO, Twitter has introduced new anti-harassment features and more. ADVERTISEMENT Get WIRED Awake sent straight to your inbox every weekday morning by 8am. Click here to sign up to the WIRED Awake newsletter. 1. CRISPR edited genes in first human trial For the first time, a human has been injected with cells that have genes edited using the CRISPR-Cas9 technique (Nature). The Chinese team, led by oncologist Lu You of Sichuan University in Chengdu, injected the gene-edited cells into a patient with aggressive lung cancer as part of a clinical trial to evaluate the safety of using immune cells that have been edited to remove a gene that limits their immune response. The cells were injected on October 28, and Lu reports that the treatment went well and that the trial participant will be getting a second injection. Read more Want to be a social media star? YouTubers give their top tips Want to be a social media star? YouTubers give their top tips By Amelia Heathman 2. Snapchat is reportedly ready for the stock market Image oriented messaging firm Snap – née Snapchat – has made a confidential filing with the USA's Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering (IPO) of shares in the company, according to unnamed sources (The Guardian). The company could enter trading as early as March and is reported to be valued at between $20 billion and $25 billion. Snapchat currently has over 100 million active users, 60 per cent of whom are between 13 and 24, making it a particularly desirable platform for advertisers. Snap recently expanded its business to include camera glasses called Spectacles. 3. Twitter launches new features to limit harassment Twitter has announced a range of new features to curb the harassment and bullying that have plagued the microblogging network (The Register). These include an expanded mute feature, which can now block notifications including selected keywords, phrases or even whole conversations, as well as new tools to report hate speech and extra training for its support teams on how to respond to such reports. The company says that "we don’t expect these announcements to suddenly remove abusive conduct from Twitter. No single action by us would do that. Instead we commit to rapidly improving Twitter based on everything we observe and learn." 4. OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Chinese smartphone maker OnePlus has released an upgrade to its flagship OnePlus3 smartphone range called the OnePlus 3T, featuring improvements to battery life, fast charging and 16MP cameras on both front and back (WIRED). While it looks similar to its predecessors, the phone has seen a minor spec upgrade0with a 2.35 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and 6GB RAM. Like the OnePlus 3, the 3T runs on OxygenOS, OnePlus’s custom operating system. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Crimes of the future will be solved by robo-CSIs, smell and VR Crimes of the future will be solved by robo-CSIs, smell and VR By Matthew Reynolds 5. Intel to invest $250 million in self-driving car tech Intel CEO Brian Krzanich has announced that the company will be spending $250 million over the next two years on the development of autonomous vehicles (The Verge). In an accompanying press kit, the company made it clear that, rather than building its own cars, it'll instead be working on the hardware that powers other companies' self-driving vehicles. Intel said that said that its hardware and software solutions give "automakers the freedom to realize their unique IP, provide experiences to consumers not yet imagined, and deliver the ability to securely update their platforms with new algorithms and features over the lifetime of the vehicle" and notes that it's been working with companies including BMW, Rolls-Royce and Jaguar. 6. Strong correlation between low levels of disease and increased gender equality Psychologists Michael E. W. Varnum and Igor Grossmann have discovered a link between declining infectious disease rates and an increase in gender equality in the USA (Ars Technica). The pair analysed six decades of data to see if there was any link between gender equality and four key environmental factors: infectious disease, resource scarcity, warfare and climatic stress. Of these, only disease proved to be a predictor of equality, and it's a very strong one. The data suggest that while "higher levels of infectious disease seem to lead societies and individuals to adopt more traditional attitudes and norms", "when levels of infectious disease are low, people are more likely to adopt slower life history strategies. For women, this might mean delaying reproduction in favour of pursuing education and careers." 7. DJI launches new professional video drones DJI has launched two new drones: the Phantom 4 Pro and the Inspire 2, both of them built for high end videography (Engadget). The Phantom 4 Pro is capable of 30 minutes of flight on a single charge and packs a camera with a 1 inch CMOS chip that can shoot 4K video at 60fps and capture stills at 20MP. The Inspire 2 is designed for "Hollywood grade professional filmmaking" with new interchangeable Zenmuse X5S and X4S cameras that can write 5.2K video to an onboard SSD. It's capable of speeds of up to 108kph. ADVERTISEMENT Read more How to reclaim your life from the clutches of technology How to reclaim your life from the clutches of technology By Matthew Reynolds 8. Newly discovered tiny salamanders at risk of extinction A team of Mexican and US scientists has discovered three new species of salamander, all belonging to the genus Thorius in the cloud forest of Oaxaca in Mexico (Gizmodo). Like other members of their genus, the tiny amphibians – Thorius pinicola, Thorius longicaudus and Thorius tlaxiacus – have unusual proportions, including tiny heads with missing bones, to accommodate huge projectile tongues, as well as being equipped proportionally huge ovaries and testes. Sadly, the entire genus, including its three newest members, are on the brink of extinction due to habitat loss, climate change, pesticide use and a lethal fungus. Study co-author James Hanken says that, when it comes to saving the tiny creatures, "there is no simple solution, but there are longterm solutions: lessen and hopefully stop global warming and other climate change, preserve large tracts of forest, eliminate dangerous pesticides and herbicides." 9. EVE Online is now free to play Vast space-bound MMORPG EVE Online is now free to play following the release of the game's new Ascension expansion, which introduces different 'Clone States' for free and paid players (Eurogamer). Omega clones – paying subscribers – get all the capabilities paid users had before, with access to every skill and ship in the game, while free Alpha Clones have access to only a limited range of skills, which in turn limits the ships they can fly. The 13-year-old game hopes to attract a new wave of players with the dedication to get deeply involved in its rich universe, and has also included five to ten hours of narrative tutorial content to help guide neophytes through their first, potentially daunting, steps. 10. Play web-based games with Google's AIs Google has launched a range of web-based and downloadable AI experierments, including several that you can play with in your web browser (The Verge). These include a game called Quick, Draw!, which gives you 20 seconds to doodle a specified object, which the AI will attempt to identify, and X Degrees of Separation, which plots visual relationships between different art works. The aim of the experiments is to illustrate how neural networks work and to encourage people to train their own. ADVERTISEMENT Popular on WIRED Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google’s CEO, Sundar Pichai, is set to announce plans to bring virtual reality to one million UK school children. The internet giant will also launch a new initiative to offer free digital skills training to everyone in the UK. As part of Pichai’s first visit to the UK since becoming CEO, he is set to announce the new Google Expeditions initiative. Expeditions are collections of linked VR content and supporting materials that can be used alongside the curriculum. The idea is, teachers can take their classes on virtual field trips to museums, underwater, or outer space. The Google Expeditions team will be visiting school children in Edinburgh, Cardiff, Belfast, Newcastle and Inverness in the next couple of months to bring VR to one million school children. WIRED 12.16 – on sale now In this month’s issue we reach for the skies. We meet the visionaries reinventing flight for us all here on Earth and as we look to journey beyond our planet. We handpick our favourite gear of the year and give a preview of The WIRED World in 2017. The fifth annual yearbook hits newsstands and app stores this month and shows virtual reality, post-reality, CGI celebrities and contagious diseases that are going to start making news over the next 12 months. Out now in print, iPad and iPhone. Subscribe now and save. Podcast 293: Snail love, Trump's tech impact Listen now, subscribe via RSS or add to iTunes. Get social. Follow WIRED on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. Share this article RECOMMENDED WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 16 November WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 16 November By WIRED Business 16 Nov 2015 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 20 November WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 20 November By WIRED Business 20 Nov 2015 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 19 November WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 19 November By WIRED Business 19 Nov 2015 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 13 November WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 13 November By WIRED Business 13 Nov 2015 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Monday, November 21, 2016 02:47 (GMT+8) Taipei 23°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: ASE equipment 10nm SMIC IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components Article Comments (0) Related content Company info Print Email Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law Josephine Lien, Taipei; Joseph Tsai, DIGITIMES [Wednesday 16 November 2016] With 2015 being the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law, one of the hottest topics that has continued to be discussed up until now in the semiconductor industry has been whether Moore's Law would come to an end. Nicky Lu, chairman of the Taiwan Semiconductor Industry Association, recently addressed this issue at the 2016 IEEE Asian International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC) held in Toyama, Japan, by highlighting the concept of heterogeneous integration design architecture system (HIDAS), a virtual Moore's Law which he believes will enable Moore's Law to continue to prevail for the next 30 years. In his keynote titled: A New Silicon Way, Lu cited the combination of Apple's newly released iPhone 7 devices and TSMC's (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company) backend integrated fan-out (InFO) wafer-level packaging (WLP) technology as vital examples that legitimize his notion of HIDAS. By integrating the relevant knowledge of the semiconductor industry and system application designs, the global semiconductor industry will not only be able to survive but also scale down the process node to 1nm, ramping up the production value of the semiconductor industry to US$1 trillion a year, while ushering in the so-called Silicon 4.0 era, Lu stated. The semiconductor industry, in terms of its technology development can be broken down into four generations - Silicon 1.0, 2.0, 3.0 and 4.0 - with each generation displaying advancement in chipmaking while providing a glimpse into the future direction of technology, according to Lu. The following are excerpts of Lu's keynotes remarks at ISSCC in Japan. The making of a US$350 billion semiconductor industry: The establishment of Moore's Law and Dennard Scaling Announced by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in 1965, Moore's Law postulates that the number of transistors on each wafer can be doubled every two years; for example the number of transistors is reaching 22 billion units per wafer as the industry moves into the 22nm- process generation and beyond. Moore's Law, which Moore said in 2003 was a regular experimental pattern, was proved an economic rule after more than a decade of practice, enabling the semiconductor industry to constantly attract new patrons to inject more and more investment funds, and consequently generating handsome yields. In 1974, Robert Dennard, who created DRAM chips, further enhanced Moore's Law by announcing the so-called Dennard Scaling. Based on Dennard Scaling, 0.7 is a magic number for semiconductors. When the sides of a transistor are shrunk by 30% (0.7x), the overall area is cut in half. With the distance between the transistors narrowed, delay is also reduced by 30% (0.7x) and operating frequency increased by about 1.4x, while power consumption remained the same for twice the area. When Moore's Law and Dennard Scaling Law were announced, CMOS technology was still not yet mature and therefore the worldwide IC industry's development was based on the structure of these two laws. Between the two, Moore's Law has been the guide for the semiconductor technology and its economic effects, while Dennard Scaling Law pointed out the practical method of realizing Moore's Law. Will Moore's Law reach its end by 2025? When the two laws were announced, the worldwide semiconductor industry had little belief of the possibility someday of creating a 10nm manufacturing process, but today, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) is about to start mass producing wafer on a 10nm process at the end of 2016 and is even planning to push into 7nm, 5nm and a 3nm process. This also brings out the question of whether Moore's Law will come to an end in 2025. The industry has never been able to bring out a complete explanation to answer the question, but Moore's Law is a key resource for maintaining the worldwide semiconductor industry, which has an US$350 billion scale, with Taiwan accounting for US$70 billion of the amount. If the law comes to an end in 2025, the worldwide semiconductor industry may stop seeing further development and become stagnant. Thanks to Moore's Law and the 0.7 magical numbers' guidance, the semiconductor manufacturing process had already advanced from 300um to 28nm, but why did the iron law of 0.7x pitch shrinkage end during the 28nm era? From 28nm to 10nm processes, what has happened to help extend Moore's Law? Following Moore's Law, the semiconductor industry was able to make profits from the silicon material, but the end of Moore's Law also means that the silicon generation has reached its end. However, Lu believes that Moore's Law will continue to advance and the silicon generation is not yet finished. Right now only the Silicon Age 1.0 has passed, ended during the 28nm generation and the Silicon Age 2.0 has already taken over to succeed its spirit. The age of Silicon 2.0 begins with area scaling Chipmakers faced difficulties when sticking to a 0.7X pitch shrink per node, and identified that the total efforts they poured into development did not seem to equal the expected return. The basic "planar" transistor structure could have ended Moore's Law when chip designs moved to 28nm. As the industry entered the age of Silicon 2.0, Moore's Law was still in practice, but with area scaling replacing linewidth shrinkage as the method. Intel was first to introduce a "non-planar" transistor structure. In its 22nm technology, transistors are arranged on a fin-shaped structure to widen the gate that controls the flow of current. Such tri-gate structure of transistors is also known as fin field-effect transistor. The FinFET structure enables a shrink in transistor length of 0.8x per technology to achieve 0.64x less area. To further reach 0.5x less area, FinFET transistors will stand taller for more efficient use and create a resulting 3D space to allow a unit area to accommodate two transistors. In short, on a FinFET structure, miniaturizing the unit area rather than the transistor size has become fundamental. The rules of the game have changed, and chipmakers including TSMC and Samsung followed suit introducing FinFETs in their respective 16nm and 14nm technologies. Meanwhile, since the decrease in transistor size is no longer important, the actual transistor gate lengths cannot be stated in chipmakers' FinFET technologies. In the age of Silicon 2.0, FinFET technology with its focus on unit area miniaturization was able to keep Moore's Law alive. It was also a sigh of relief for developers of lithography systems. Multiple patterning exposure techniques can still be used for the manufacture of 10nm chips, and achieve the target economies effects given by Moore's Law. In the age of Silicon 2.0, the industry moved towards "effective" Moore's Law as it slightly deviated from Moore's Law. 3D NAND technology also uses the same method as FinFET by shrinking the unit area rather than transistor size. Chipmakers with their 3D NAND technology have produced 64-layer chips using a 13nm process technology, and are looking to transition to 10nm process for 96-layer products. Silicon 3.0: Volume scaling In 2004, the concept of heterogeneous integration was introduced. The idea is to put a stack of different chips including SoC, RF, DRAM and SRAM into one device. In the age of Silicon 2.0, chipmakers still focused on integration of a die of homogeneous ICs. IC packaging houses have developed their own system-in-package technologies to stack chip dies into a compact area. However, SiP cannot exactly show the spirit of heterogeneous integration. Heterogeneous integration should refer to a stack of chips built using different technologies. The focus of Silicon 2.0 is area scaling. In the age of Silicon 3.0, "volume scaling" would extend Moore's Law. The ideal of volume scaling is to pull out a 3D space with packaging techniques on the bottom of a unit area. Why TSMC obtains all chip orders for the iPhone 7 TSMC's integrated fan-out (InFO) wafer-level packaging (WLP) technology is the key for the foundry chipmaker to win all the chip orders for Apple's iPhone 7. Heterogeneous integration technologies were first unveiled in flip-chip and TSV which focus on a stack of different type of chips. TSMC has made a major breakthrough with its InFO WLP technology utilized in the iPhone 7 SoC design. Today, electronics products are being pushed to become thinner, lighter and smaller, but such demand is unlikely to be fulfilled unless related packaging methods have improvements, Lu noted. Lu brought TSMC's 3D Stacking technology as an example and pointed out that the technology is similar to building houses. Traditional technology is like building four four-story apartments around a square and each apartment has stairs for information to transmit and the square is the place for information exchange. With the 3D Stacking technology, each apartment now has four more stories for storing information, while TSV technology will accelerate the speed for transmission, which is like adding an elevator in each apartment. The design concept is the basic structure of TSMC's InFO packaging technology. It causes dies to have a bigger size, but in exchange for a flatter form factor. Traditionally a bond pad is placed onto a die for external communication and such a technology is called fan-in, but TSMC's InFO, which is a fan-out technology, has placed the bond pad outside of the die to create a fan-shaped structure and the structure's biggest advantage is its significant improvement in heat dissipation. The InFO's removal of substrate, allowing the metal layer to directly connect to PCB also has some contribution in heat dissipation. Although most of the bottlenecks of the heterogeneous integration technologies can be resolved via improvement in the manufacturing process, heat dissipation will remain a physical limitation. However, TSMC's InFO design not only has improved Apple iPhone 7's performance by 20% compared to the previous-generation model, it also allows the device to enjoy efficient heat dissipation. Furthermore, silicon InFO VIA (SIV) is another key factor to the success of TSMC's heterogeneous integration technologies. In TSMC's InFO structure, there are a few pillars that are used for electricity transmission, allowing heterogeneous chips that need to be integrated to be piled onto the pillar for combined electricity transmission. Although the chips are stacked onto the pillars by layers, they are still able to conduct external communication thanks to their fan-out design. Such a design could become issues for traditional 3D-stacked fan-in chips as it could lead to poor heat dissipation. Many have asked how InFO design is capable of making heterogeneous integration technologies become reality? This is because the design's short vertical connection and long horizontal connection structure that are interlinked have allowed the information to be transmitted quickly and smoothly. This also removes the concern that Moore's Law will eventually be limited by back-end packaging and testing technologies. Although the idea of pushing heterogeneous integration technologies was brought up in 2004, there had not been any appropriate concepts that were able to realize the idea for the past over 10 years until TSMC's design and technology breakthroughs that were used on the iPhone 7. The costs that TSMC spent on achieving the idea was also rather low and is expected to attract its competitors to follow suit and develop their own heterogeneous integration technologies. Heating up for the age of Silicon 4.0, heterogeneous integration plus TSMC InFO to break bottleneck As for the future of semiconductor technology development, pitch shrinkage technology that has been adopted since the age of Silicon 1.0, is still widely used, but for 10nm, the transistor's shrinkage is actually only 14nm, while 7nm is actually 12nm, and 5nm is only 10nm. So now the semiconductor industry is about to enter the age of Silicon 4.0, said Lu, who added that he refers TSMC's four major growth areas - smartphone, high performance computing (HPC), Internet of Things (IoT) and car-use electronics, which will all be based on its smart semiconductor platform, are the applications targeted in age of Silicon 4.0. Looking at Apple's business strategy, we can treat Apple's success in the iPhone 7 as the bridge connecting from the age of Silicon 3.0 to the age of Silicon 4.0. However, why did the semiconductor industry, which had been extending Moore's Law in both the ages of Silicon 2.0 and Silicon, only achieve weak revenues growth? This is because many of semiconductor's values have gone to the system end, and some system end values were shared with the application end. Despite the value transition, the semiconductor side remained the most important sources of knowledge. Therefore, the age of Silicon 4.0 is meant to transform the system and application ends' values back to the semiconductor industry via heterogeneous integration technologies and TSMC's InFO design, so the semiconductor industry's output is able to reflect its actual value. This is also expected to help the application end's development to become more divers and refined to cover fields including artificial intelligence, robots and car electronics. After the Industrial Revolution, the 19th century was mainly about revolution of technology and but now it is technology applications. This latest revolution needs the involvements of both the application end and the semiconductor industry. Without considering the application end, the values from creating chips are far less than those considered. TSMC chairman Morris Chang once said that the next big thing will be IoT, but in the IoT era, TSMC is unlikely to be the one making the most income; however, semiconductors are definitely the major force for leading various of application development in the future. In conclusion, the semiconductor industry needs to consider the method of creating value to allow the semiconductor's value to make a practical return. Relying only on the concepts from the age of Silicon 2.0 and 3.0, the semiconductor industry was already able to last until 2025, but starting in 2016, the concept for the age of Silicon 4.0 is starting to grow with Apple's iPhone 7 being the best example; however, this is still not yet the purest age of Silicon 4.0. Virtual Moore's Law to extend, HIDAS concept to boost semiconductor value to US$1 trillion The main characteristic of the age of Silicon 4.0 is to use silicon to create nano-systems for products that are not originally made by semiconductors. These kinds of end products are based on semiconductors, but do not create value via the traditional pitch shrinkage method. The devices can also be integrated with MEMS, camera, and/or sensor bio-sensor technologies to extend its value, thus creating a virtual Moore's Law, shrinking function and value combined. For such a concept, Lu named its HIDAS. Although Apple is not a semiconductor company, it absorbed all the value of semiconductors, leaving the semiconductor partners to only seeing growth in value of a single-digit percentage point. The system vendor (Apple) uses the semiconductor technology and knowledge to help enlarge its end application's (iPhone 7) value by 8-10 folds and taken most of the income from the new technologies. However, Apple is capable of doing so because of having heterogeneous integration design ability. Apple has strong knowledge over both chip and system architecture and the only thing left for it to do is book capacity from TSMC. So what will happen once the semiconductor industry enters the age of Silicon 4.0? Lu believes silicon will remain the major material for creating semiconductors, but the trend of homogeneous integration technology will gradually be replaced. When asked to make CMOS using 5nm process, or needing to have performance and value from a 1nm process, technology will call for a tunnel to be made in the center for transmission, with the material perhaps being a carbon nanotube, so all the most critical signals can be passed through the carbon nanotube. The age of Silicon 4.0 is meant for the semiconductor industry to use heterogeneous integration technologies to work together with non-semiconductor-based application systems to push economic growth. The new age is expected to significantly raise the semiconductor industry's output from US$350 billion currently to US$600 billion and the amount may rise even further to US$1 trillion, triple the current value and creating 30 years of growth. At the same time, Moore's Law will continue to live and manufacturing process technologies will be able to go as low as 1nm. The most important key is the ability of integrating semiconductor's technological knowledge with system end to fully realize the HIDAS concept. Photo: Nicky Lu, executive director of the Taiwan Semiconductor Industry Association Tweet Categories: Bits + chips IC manufacturing Tags: Interview law TSMC Companies: Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Related stories Innovation to keep Moore's Law alive, says TSMC co-CEO (Sep 30) Digitimes Research: IC manufacturers to cross into packaging industry (Feb 19) TSMC InFO-WLP technology to generate significant revenues starting 2016 (May 5) TSMC to offer InFO-WLP technology for 16nm chips, eyeing Apple orders (Feb 4) Intel announces new 3D transistor structure (May 5) Is Moore's Law becoming academic? asks iSuppli (Jun 17)Related news from other sites Intel: Keeping up with Moore's Law is becoming a challenge (May 8) - PC World Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Inspur and Intel Co-Launch Leading FPGA Card in the US SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Inspur and Intel announced partnership on an R&D project — the Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) (a programmable logic microchip) accelerator card F10A at the 2016 International Supercomputing Conference (SC16). This is a high density and high performance FPGA card based on OpenCL. Due to the easy programmability of OpenCL’s high-level development language, the F10A makes a qualitative leap in Software Productivity. In Traditional FPGA development, developer requirements are higher and the development period is longer – leading to applications in high-performance computing being limited. Based on OpenCL, F10A substantially shortens the development period by adopting software high-level language and programming models. According to data provided by Inspur, an engineer can independently transplant a GZIP application within one month with F10A using OpenCL – while it would take a period of three months to complete the transplantation using Verilog. F10A also features high performance, high density, and high applicability. Based on Altera’s Arria 10 microchip, F10A has a single precision floating-point performance of 1.5 TFlops, while the peak power consumption is only 35W, and the performance per watt is 42 GFlops. At the same time, F10A is designed for high-density half-length and low-profile, and has flexible on-board storage allocation and maximum support of 32GB memory, which is 4 to 8 times the industry average. Additionally, F10A supports two SFP+ GE/10GE interfaces, which can transfer data directly from the internet to the board card to be processed without needing to go through the CPU, thus greatly reducing transmission delay. The F10A supports data parallelism in DNRange mode and task parallelism in the Pipeline mode, fully supporting low-latency, high-intensity applications such as high-performance computing, deep learning, data acquisition, high-frequency transaction, network processing and signal processing, etc. With the explosive growth of HPC and AI, the performance and power consumption ratio of the traditional processor chip is a bottleneck. The OpenCL FPGA lies between a dedicated chip and a universal chip with programmability, reflecting distinct hardware reconfiguration and software-defined features, and in dealing with specific applications it has even more efficiency. Previously, Inspur teamed with IFLYTEK and Altera to successfully apply the FPGA chip to the online intelligent voice recognition sphere. This was 2.871 times faster than the CPU performance, while the power consumption was equivalent to 15.7% of the CPU performance. Power consumption increased by 18 times. satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Red Berries Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016 – 2026 Next Next post: Pomerantz Law Firm Announces the Filing of a Class Action against Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Certain Officers – ARWR Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 9 54 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Intel’s $250M investment latest auto-tech convergence Intel Corp. plans to invest more than $250 million in the next two years for the research and development of technologies to advance the development of autonomous and connected vehicles. Post to Facebook Intel’s $250M investment latest auto-tech convergence Intel Corp. plans to invest more than $250 million in the next two years for the research and development of technologies to advance the development of autonomous and connected vehicles.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2fvPf7Z {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Intel’s $250M investment latest auto-tech convergence Michael Wayland, The Detroit News 11 p.m. EST November 15, 2016 Buy Photo Intel Corp. CEO Brian Krzanich on Tuesday, Nov. 15, discusses the amount of data expected to be produced by autonomous vehicles by 2020 during a keynote speech at the Los Angeles Auto Show’s Mobility LA conference. (Photo: Michael Wayland/The Detroit News)Buy Photo Los Angeles — Intel Corp. plans to invest more than $250 million in the next two years for research and development of technologies for autonomous and connected cars. The targeted investment by Intel’s capital investment arm was announced Tuesday by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich during a speech at the Los Angeles Auto Show’s Mobility LA conference. It marks the most recent convergence of the automotive and tech industries in the race to connected and self-driving vehicles. Krzanich said the California-based tech giant will invest in startups that are trying to provide security to the connected vehicle space as well as other initiatives to “drive innovation and collaboration across the industry.” Intel, which has been growing its presence in the auto industry in recent years, sees opportunity in the massive amount of data that will be produced by self-driving cars. “Data is the new form of oil,” Krzanich said. “Let’s say you have a car driving between here and San Diego. Well, if you want to do that in an autonomous world, without data that car will not move … you’re going to have to have data as much as you’re going to have to have any type of propulsion.” According to Intel, one autonomous vehicle by 2020 will produce as much data in a day as about 3,000 people. If 1 million autonomous vehicles are on the road by then or later, that’s the amount of data produced by 3 billion people per day. The announcement is part of Intel’s ongoing work with automakers and system suppliers to help integrate advanced technologies in cars. Intel has booked more than $1 billion worth of revenue in the past 12 months from automotive-related business. The company has worked with leading global car manufacturers including BMW, Daimler, Hyundai, Rolls-Royce, Toyota, Tesla and others. “We really want to work collaboratively in this space,” Krzanich said, adding that no one company has all the answers or resources to proliferate connected, self-driving vehicles. The collision of automotive and tech companies was a main discussion among industry insiders at the mobility conference, which comes a day before automakers unveil more than 50 vehicles for the LA Auto Show. Ford Motor Co. CEO Mark Fields on Tuesday said the industry is “on the cusp of a mobility revolution,” but collaborations and partnerships will continue to be needed. Starting next year, Ford will accelerate its efforts of urban mobility by working with city officials more closely to design the “city of tomorrow.” Part of the automaker’s plans include beginning to work with former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and his Compact of Mayors coalition, which focuses on helping cities and countries set and achieve more ambitious goals for mitigating and adapting to climate change. Fields said Ford plans to go to city officials and discuss their specific problems and needs in an attempt to determine what mobility efforts — ride-sharing, bikes, ride-hailing, etc. — may work best for that city’s residents. Fields said the company sees mobility as a much larger, more-profitable business than just producing and selling cars and trucks. “While we continue to make great vehicles, they are no longer our entire game,” he said. “Today we’re not only dreaming about the world of tomorrow, we’re also focused on creating the city of tomorrow, which means continuing to find ways to make peoples’ lives better whether they own a car or not.” Ford is investing heavily in autonomous cars because it believes driverless vehicles could account for 20 percent of industry-wide U.S. yearly sales by 2030. Of that 20 percent, Fields said 80 percent will be in fleets, while 20 percent will be for personal use. The company in August said it will have a fully driverless car without a steering wheel or pedals for braking and acceleration in 2021. mwayland@detroitnews.com 9 CONNECTTWEET 54 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2fvPf7Z TOP VIDEOS Mary Barra, Michiganian of the Year 2:39 GM opens new Company Store at Renaissance Center 1:54 Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 ZF TRW automotive demonstrates self-driving technology 1:57 Building Mars spaceship parts in Metro Detroit 1:38 Tour the Detroit riverfront's industrial heart 2:27 Hamtramck’s Bon Bon Bon crafts artisan chocolates 3:55 Tomorrow's doctors have fun at the Little Medical School 0:39 New housing, retail development in New Center breaks ground 2:48
Visit the New Forum X Facebook Icon Twitter Icon google-plus-icon-logo YouTube Icon RSS Icon Search Icon Search for: HOT PS4 PS VR PSN PS Vita Reviews Videos Forums PSLS  •  News  •  PS4 News, Trophies, Reviews, and More Call of Duty Points Now Available for Infinite Warfare November 15, 2016 Written by Michael Briers Call of Duty Points are on their way to Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, and should be available by the time you read this post. First spotted by Charlie Intel, the microtransactions can be purchased via PlayStation Store, and open up Supply Drops in the shooter’s multiplayer mode. You can find a rundown of the available bundles and their respective prices after the jump. Keep in mind that you’ll also be able to use the Points in Black Ops 3, but only after you’ve launched Infinite Warfare. 200 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Points – $1.99 1,100 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Points – $9.99 2,400 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Points – $19.99 5,000 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Points – $39.99 9,500 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Points – $74.99 13,000 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Points – $99.99 In related news, developer Infinity Ward Narrative Director Taylor Kurosaki has been discussing Infinite Warfare‘s single-player campaign, one rooted in a far-future setting. Specifically, Kurosaki has revealed some of the creative inspirations behind the shooter’s story, revealing that the studio looked to modern classics such as Black Hawk Down and Saving Private Ryan during development. With war stories, in particular, we looked at everything from Steven Pressfield’s Gates of Fire, which talks about the Spartan warriors at the gates of Thermopylae. They’re soldiers. They’re human soldiers fighting a human enemy and they’re relatable. For war, we looked at everything from that to Black Hawk Down, to Saving Private Ryan. In terms of in things that take place more in the science fiction setting, it was really looking at production design. I’m a big fan of James Cameron, who has a really interesting way of combining the familiar and the unfamiliar. When you combine those in an effective way, it grounds your whole universe and makes it more believable, more relatable. Call of Duty occupies a universe that doesn’t have monsters or aliens or giant blue people. We are in a plausible future where it’s a human versus human conflict, same as what it would be on Earth. But one of the things Cameron does is that he knows that he’s going into unfamiliar worlds, so he brings the familiar with him. What you have in Aliens and in Avatar are these heavy, tactile components. You have cockpits that are made of glass and steel and have heavy switches, you have helmets that look like they’re more from the Vietnam era than they are from some imagined, science fiction world. Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is available now on PS4. Tell us, do you plan on indulging in some Call of Duty Points? [Sources: Activision, Charlie Intel, PS Blog, PlayStation Store] SHARE TWEET Tags: Activision, Call of Duty, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Infinity Ward Ubisoft’s Watch Dogs 2 Teaser Is for a Sci-Fi Game Called Pioneer Visceral and Amy Hennig’s Untitled Star Wars Game Won’t Be a Carbon Copy of Uncharted Check Out More Coverage of Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare! Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer Impressions – Rigged to Kill Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer Interview – Quickscoping Futuristic Warfare Top 5 Things Wrong in the Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Beta That Need to Be Fixed Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Multiplayer Overview Video Shows Gameplay, Combat Rigs Features PSLS Originals Reviews Videos PS4 PS VR Staff Review Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use GameRevolution AdChoices PlayStationLifeStyle.net is a property of CraveOnline Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC company. ©2016 All Rights Reserved. monitoring_string = "e648000e5cd42cece065ea6b2f880692"
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Portnoy's pizza reviews; Alan Dershowitz once claimed he shut down Barstool Sports 11-18-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria The Whiner Line, 11-11-16 Dale & Holley   Michael Irvin - let's see if that hit changes the way Gronk plays the game Weekend Shows   Fantasy Football Hour, 11-20-2016 Enough About Me   Ep. 41: John Feitelberg of Barstool Sports Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Red Sox max out 40-man roster by adding pitchers Kyle... Rick Porcello explains why he doesn’t plan on pitching in... Latest Columns Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a v... Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offs... Latest Audio 2016 AL Cy Young Winner Rick Porcello Hot Stove Show - Debating the MVP Race between Mookie Betts... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Report: Patriots making TE Martellus Bennett an ‘offseason... Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as Patriots team captain Latest Columns Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested ch... Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could... @4:25 PM SF NE Latest Audio Duron Harmon explains why the Patriots D isn't generating... Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot for Celtics in win over... Full Court Press: Sounding the alarm, Isaiah Thomas calls... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... Nov 21 Min Bos Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction by DJ Bean Latest Blog Posts Defense remains a dominant force for Bruins in win over Jets Reports: Former Bruin Craig Cunningham collapses on ice... Latest Columns New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar Nov 22 Bos StL Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Brett Cecil to Cardinals: Latest Contract Details,... Surprise Potential Suitors for the Top 2016-17 MLB... NFL Tony Romo Trade Rumors: Latest News and Speculation on... Rolando McClain Reportedly Suspended: Latest Details,... NBA NBA Rumors: Latest Buzz on Rudy Gay Trade, Blake Griffin... Draymond Green Criticizes Celtics Fans for Booing Kevin... NHL Ranking the 10 Best NHL Players Under 25 Years Old Way-Too-Early Ranking of the Top Candidates for the 2016-17... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Fantasy Football Hour, 11-20-2016 Danny Picard - Pats, Sheard, Celtics Danny Picard - Klay Thompson Saturday Skate - LB Saturday Skate - Possible Trades Popular Audio  Enough About Me - Ep. 41: John Feitelberg K&C - Michael Lombardi accuses Kirk of putting words in his... Latest Podcast  Eagle Talk Episode 11 K&C Recap Show - Michael Lombardi unhinged with Minihane 11-18-16 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens says third-quarter drought led to blowout loss to Warriors Mike Petraglia, Josue Pavon talk Kevin Durant, Warriors routing Celtics » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Ghirardelli Chocolate Company Caramel Pour eGift Station Events WEEI with Angry Orchard at... Sun, 11/20/2016 5:30 pm WEEI with Sam Adams at Warren... Sun, 11/20/2016 4:30 pm » More Events Contests Kovalev vs. Ward Signed Glove/Custom Belt Enter to win an autographed boxing glove signed by both Andre Ward and Sergey Kovalev or a limited... WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests NFL New England Patrio.. Bill Belichick Tom Brady Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Dale and Holley's Final Drive 11-15-16 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Dale and Holley's Final Drive 11-15-16 Nov 16, 2016| We close out the program with the best sound clips of the day. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Intel dale and Holley on W. Final drive cosponsored by a RS restoration specialists regardless of the season a disaster can picture. Commercial residential or medical facility at any time. And an IRS disaster plan in place make sure your client's employees or tenants are protected and learn more at ARS or dot dot. This one is breaking news and literally just happened. Tony Romo just a few moments ago taking the high route. She took balls meritocracy. You're hand hitting. Your earn everything every single day over and over again yet to prove that's the way that the NFL this with a football works. A great example this is actress. And what he's done but he's earned the right here. Source that this race day. These are not right he's got thirteen donate one record that's hard to do. If you think for a second that I don't wanna be out there. You've probably never felt a pure Ecstasy ads competing and winning and. Everybody's self lauding the way he's handled it. Yeah certainly gonna help him come the end of the season when he gets. His release and is able to shop himself around in caches and but but still not many guys would have said that prepared statement. Asked if it was a whole prepared billion and I know the cynical say I hate it. Biggest threat that thing you know some agent or PR person wrote that maybe if I would complain about this it would be like. Circumcised and a mosquito hey I don't think he wrote that. Good gas LeBron James isn't happy with nick president Phil Jackson. ESPN published an interview with Jackson on Monday that included a wide ranging QNA in it Jackson talked about the state of the next and other topics. But James took exception with Jackson's description. Of the group of friends who travel and work with LeBron James as his posse. In the beginning we were highly criticized I was on the criticize about what I wanted to do. Those guys around become very successful business you know it just sucks that you notice. You know now at this point haven't wanted to. Go. Biggest businesses that you can have both on and off the floor. Covenant certified agent which bought up in the certify business or whomever part of that's just some great business. The fifth title for young African Americans. The work pops. We see the success that we had it been there have been is always someone that edition of house bills I'll always goes up there. You know ago I don't believe this could just use this same term this bomb he was doing this someone else. You know and and you know working with another team or use worked with anybody in sports on his own team. That was an African American head a group of guys around me he didn't agree with video that you caught off. So to use that label and if you go rigid definition with the world bosses. This yes it's not. Built over my career now Austin court no offense and us four and I believe always use they'll war with some young African American government to. Help help me out is is. Posse now a dog whistle word of this is Phil Jackson a racist because of so he's the first since Buddhist ever to join aryan. Can I just read you what it says in the dictionary shoot a body are forced armed with the legal authority. Slang a group of friends or associates. Ari I don't see the racial charge I would just reading another another odd definition I do a group of people who have a common characteristic occupation or purpose. Nobody I know I think what he's getting at is the you know let's roundup a posse and right it is that ordered only to Michael's and Arabs game plan. Kraft. Group crowd packed court heard throng mob swarmed troops cluster. You know nobody calls. Nobody says a white athlete had policy fails. You don't hear that. I ice tucked away ironically Emmy Lou Maloney is seen in the big David in high school he was part of a group that. Call themselves the foxy possibly believe it or not. Oh. Not oxy I'm like why let admitted that when I heard today they would have said because they're grandma has prescription drugs for sale. But hey you said it's because they brought the oxygen to the place like they would necessary at. Is that it ironically but it's Phil Jackson I hate her Big Easy it is seen demeaning people of color is that. If she's donating eggs demeaning LeBron LeBron didn't like it and he can't. Look I can't fit the political bias which it did get a that you can't do that you can't say that guy. I don't he can't save the Phil Jackson's races. Now what LeBron thing it was you know like the term anything spilled Jackson would have used the term. We were talking about a white athlete I haven't heard anybody. Describe white athlete in his policy heard about Allen Iverson the guys heard about Dez Bryant. Arnold could be. Maybe haven't been around and maybe haven't listened to enough people describe. Happened that way all athletes that. Bottom McGregor won its title bout against Eddie Alvarez Saturday night at USC to a five after the bite McGregor gracious as always. Absolutely no. That nobody is sell in the sport that is an am he has he has Vince McMahon you know if if it meant built up an athlete in up in a laughed. It cannot like Connor McGregor yeah it's after he'd be about a foot taller guys who haven't had parked him juice out of his mind since his latest victory a lot of and analysts and commentators have been describing McGregor is the Floyd Mayweather up MMA. That description does not sit well with Floyd. If you see the flu Mayweather. None of us felt. Heavier remained three version beta one oh boy had every minute. Everybody's definitely one night so it's never prepare. They're it's it's a total disrespect that comment on the palace and don't be quick hits you have to so large and see. Come on Floyd so if somebody calls him the Floyd Mayweather and he immediately goes to the money aspect of it. I'd like to be one thought it was harder to my money. And I don't think that's what everybody was worried about. So the New York Islanders have lost their last three games having a tough time early on in this NHL season there's talk may be their coach Jack app you want a may have to be replaced. But details today on boomer and carton down a New York Jerry's pal Craig carton. Revealed one reason why it may be hard for islanders GM Garth snow to replace cap you wanna. I would wish. Yes I would summer Long Island's Jack. So yeah that's correct but you are you really this can't come on now if that's regards those basement. Excuse me what happened why aren't so has George don't. That's his basement if environment for clothes and little white had been cheated on partly paid ninety. As we heard yeah crashes it's those basement. I. It anyway. So true so the culture the computers is living in the basement of the general manager is adamant in a box like eleven and stranger things it is long narrow and so it's probably mansion like a separate apartment. Splits. Basement out all pictured at full wood paneling from the seventies made a shag rug. It will be quite honest there's going to cap you wanna wants to get away from its general manager and wanna have to build a base over the kitchen table. Couple of grants to get to hear first off the cowboys beat the Steelers Sunday when rookie back Ezekiel Elliott broke a 32 yard touchdown fourth. Yesterday this video appeared on social media it's a Steelers fan so enraged. He decides to smash his flat screen TV but let's be honest we have ever reasonably. This thing is 100%. A. Fake fake fake fake we discovered some mini me about this it's. Well it I did I don't know I don't know. Don't peace is reaching for the court of the TV with security knows what's gonna happen second vault the TV that he's matches is much smaller team. Actually should do or at all Terry pointed out the TV that he supposedly smashed and when he was smashing. It was OK so and fourth of all we don't know Steelers fans can't procreate. Well our coast I think those kids would have been much more terrified him and black man I don't know. That's got to hardy boys on the street and they of this match steel and glass items packaged to support children's. Acceptable just did it looks. My real question is why your children such bad actors. As they got their Q it would title there cared so acutely it would it would play like a tree at the school like by the way Ben. Our buddy Michael forgot about. The most famous athletic posse for an expert a white guy. Channel Mac in the mean street posse out Michael had to come on oh yeah Shane McMahon well like finally I forgot about him. Past that now don't know how remembers the nights I don't get ice longer term fix that we go to port guy. We used his hobby to catch his wife cheating on on the on oh good people ice well he likes drones in his spare time maybe that's what he's. It might upload the video captured the state hole held a Friday night you're sprint from Charlotte error that a large take drugs. When he suspected his wife. Might be cheating they put his hobby did you stay guys on me out and recently found out that my wife's been cheating on me. Yeah we'll get a better life. Quote media guide only a few blocks from my home. And I got an Nvidia does it. Chrysler and picks up right here she leaves our home. And she's gonna and the war all the way down here and around two the CBS parking lot up there right here which is walking this way usual to this way to go to work will be mutual first saw this. I knew something was up and I start to get a little bit upset. The issue is Dick and Harry that's got to make yourself look pretty. It's pretty Fredette for the guy about the united husband with right. Yeah. Make sure there's all nice there. Russian and out of the notion though is make an original Arabic socialized and doctor Carol L experts think this guy is hiding behind. The the CBS news and she gets series gonna come back coming out so Obama's and she's on a all of them. That's so negative so the luxury gums. Is. This guy. All that my wife is cheating on him while wife of eighteen years and once he was carefully and it was eighteen years old right down the drain. Watch if you got a text message here gods. It's just. Got to be on C news has totally like debt. We had a good marriage. I was going to get married apparently not some super aging use them. You feel well I felt like a lot more for her as they set a week or so ago. And with our pet it. And look video cameras where do you look at it to me or are there eight years when that drone habits. Hit a I got a got a golf oriented grooves so because he has a hobby she is the right to achieve on it just sounded like oh but what happened in the. She did you guys do some weird stuff and fired drawn around on the you need to contact sport there I don't know what else are you have a problem with jolt. By the way the more team says here's the moment and so she leans in the frightened as it's making a what what is she sixteen years old and his troops have been married for eighteen years nightmare and they got me in the parking lot and they get there what we got their make outs. The got a big guy got a little bubble in the back yet I always go to CBS and and fans love and love and it it's the bedrock and don't count adopted thank you gonna get your joke from 2009 was in the car Tiger Woods left nothing. I time now for another clip comes with courtesy of our friends. Aunt pat. RNS underscore fun house on Twitter what are our regular callers Mike from New Haven onshore earlier today. It's right near the Mason Dixon line and Connecticut in of the kind of separates New York sports fans from Boston sports fans. And that means young might get into like calling both New York sports and Boston Sports Radio stations. But he may jacket went to a New York Sports Radio for much longer if he keeps this up yes it's time for another addition of Mike princesses. And. With car lines flight to New Haven was up like it it. I watched him grow up because I don't have to look like please unload your bro. Bob and Oakland it's twelve years old apartment for his fifteen new volt and make a month old until the swan both please but I among his broke. Coming to among them is sixteen years old I mean I let him call disease is a nice kid but come on out on the growth it by the local Alyssa and how does. Holiest day for me to get Iran ignored you might sound good to know that he's got junior you know Mike sounds like. General Myers. Guys like Joseph Meyer broadcaster Joseph Myers as we. Does Joseph the reference we don't do it still lives April I doubt over just like us trying to figure like Michael and as soon as I can younger and Berman that's on it if I. It may be in guys' names are Joseph Myers Joseph somebody they've Jo Myers and brown I love that gets beat and that the Pope. Can't get past the word bro jets couldn't careless about your all right don't go coming up we'll go ahead you don't move out which appointed yet get your little girl like little it was a Mike. I do. Okay lust. But. Hey what's. Which you called me called me Paul does what do you there where apparently and I. Final drive also cosponsored by cars for kids donut cart help the child today's schedule your free pick up. An 877 cars for kids three cars for kids not we are wait hardy we apologize charred rubble as it goes next is what it next. Yes it is not much we apologize Breaux drove bears throw it out he thought event what you call me. And rock and Sports Radio WEE house. Well I yeah. And he wants. Bro but I. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly [..] + Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her [..] "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets [..] + Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested [..] FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few [..] + Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real [..] I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help [..] - Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could [..] What's wrong with the Patriots defense? Where are the sacks? Where are the turnovers? Is [..] + DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over [..] + It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:15 am EST Report: Patriots making TE [..] - It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:15 am EST Report: Patriots making TE Martellus Bennett an ‘offseason priority’ Martellus Bennett has only been a member of the Patriots roughly eight months, [..] + It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:05 am EST Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as [..] - It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:05 am EST Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as Patriots team captain It appears one of the streaks most important to Tom Brady will continue. Due to [..] + Big Bad Blog11/20/16 02:14 am EST Defense remains a dominant force [..] - Big Bad Blog11/20/16 02:14 am EST Defense remains a dominant force for Bruins in win over Jets A four-goal outburst from a Bruins team still without top-liner David Pastrnak [..] + Big Bad Blog11/19/16 10:56 pm EST Reports: Former Bruin Craig [..] - Big Bad Blog11/19/16 10:56 pm EST Reports: Former Bruin Craig Cunningham collapses on ice before AHL game A scary moment took place in Tucson, Arizona, Saturday night, as former Bruin [..] + Green Street11/19/16 10:17 pm EST Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot [..] - Green Street11/19/16 10:17 pm EST Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot for Celtics in win over Pistons One night after the Warriors humiliated them at the Garden, the Celtics looked [..] + Big Bad Blog11/19/16 09:36 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins [..] - Big Bad Blog11/19/16 09:36 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins dominate Jets in another Garden win After a three-game road trip in which the Bruins scored just four goals on a [..] + Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her way "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets all [..] + Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real conversation I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly being [..] + Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested championship character FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few years [..] + Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over and [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Patent Docs Authors Donald Zuhn Kevin Noonan Andrew Williams Michael Borella Joseph Herndon Contributors Sherri Oslick Michael Greenfield Josh Bosman James DeGiulio Nate Chongsiriwatana Ann Palma Josh Rich Alison Baldwin Nicole Reifman Grantland Drutchas E-mail Newsletter Enter your e-mail address below to receive the "Patent Docs" e-mail newsletter. Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Subscribe to this blog's feed Contact the Docs PatentDocs@gmail.com Foreign Correspondents Alejandro Luna Ariadni Athanassiadis Charlotte Fox Charlotte Teall Christopher Bond Claire Palmer Craig Humphris Damian Slizys Daniel Feigelson Devanand Crease Gill Smaggasgale Jenny Donald Jon Gowshall Juan Luis Serrano Mark Richardson Martin O'Brien Todd Shand Docs on Twitter Tweets by @PatentDocs Recent Posts Webinar on Demonstrating Patent Eligibility Post-Alice Webinar on Structuring Opinions of Counsel Does President Trump Provide an Opportunity for Patent-friendly Policies? Biotechnology Innovation Organization's Amicus Brief for In re Aqua Products, Inc. USPTO Proposes Revisions to Materiality Standard USPTO Seeks Comments on New Sequence Standard Conference & CLE Calendar Webinar on Means-Plus-Function Patent Claims After Williamson FCBA Program on Impact of Administrative Law on PTO Proceedings Webinar on After-Final Practice About the Authors The Authors and Contributors of "Patent Docs" are patent attorneys and agents, many of whom hold doctorates in a diverse array of disciplines. Disclaimer "Patent Docs" does not contain any legal advice whatsoever. This weblog is for informational purposes only, and its publication does not create an attorney-client relationship. In addition, nothing on "Patent Docs" constitutes a solicitation for business. This weblog is intended primarily for other attorneys. Moreover, "Patent Docs" is the personal weblog of the Authors; it is not edited by the Authors' employers or clients and, as such, no part of this weblog may be so attributed. All posts on "Patent Docs" should be double-checked for their accuracy and current applicability. Powered By Invesp Become a Fan « USPTO Proposes Revisions to Materiality Standard | Main | Does President Trump Provide an Opportunity for Patent-friendly Policies? » November 15, 2016 Biotechnology Innovation Organization's Amicus Brief for In re Aqua Products, Inc. By Andrew Williams -- On Friday, December 9, 2016, the Federal Circuit will hear oral arguments en banc in the In re Aqua Products, Inc. case to consider two questions related to the PTAB's treatment of Motions to Amend in IPR proceedings.  Specifically, the Court will be considering the following questions: (a) When the patent owner moves to amend its claims under 35 U.S.C. § 316(d), may the PTO require the patent owner to bear the burden of persuasion, or a burden of production, regarding patentability of the amended claims as a condition of allowing them?  Which burdens are permitted under 35 U.S.C. § 316(e)? (b) When the petitioner does not challenge the patentability of a proposed amended claim, or the Board thinks the challenge is inadequate, may the Board sua sponte raise patentability challenges to such a claim?  If so, where would the burden of persuasion, or a burden of production, lie? The briefing of the parties, Appellant (Aqua Products, Inc.) and Intervenor (the Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office), was completed this past week.  Amicus Curiae briefs were submitted by the Intellectual Property Owners Association; the Case Western Reserve University School of Law Intellectual Property Venture Clinic and The Ohio Venture Association; the Houston Intellectual Property Law Association; the American Intellectual Property Law Association; the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America; the Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO); Askeladden, L.L.C.; the Internet Association, and the Computer & Communications Industry Association, Dell, Garmin, Intel, Red Hat, Samsung, SAP America, SAS Institute, the Software & Information Industry Association, Symmetry, and Vizio.  In this post, we will review the amicus brief filed by BIO in support of Aqua Products. With regard to the first question, BIO asserted that the PTO is not permitted to require a patentee to bear the burden of proving the patentability of a proposed substitute claim.  Whereas the PTO can require the patentee to come forward with information related to determining whether the amendment enlarges the scope of the claims, introduces new matter, and is responsive to an instituted ground of purported invalidity, it may not require the patentee to bear the burden of proving patentability of the proposed claims.  After the patentee has produced such evidence, it is the petitioner that must establish the unpatentability of the substitute claims.  According to BIO, there should be no affirmative duty on the patentee to prove the patentability of a substitute claim. With regard to the second question, BIO asserted that the PTAB's role as impartial adjudicator would be threatened if it were to begin inquiring about the "adequacy" of any petitioner opposition to substitute claims.  Nevertheless, in cases where the petitioner does not oppose the substitute claims, the Board is still required to ensure that the substitute claims meet the requirements of 35 U.S.C. § 316(d) and related regulations.  However, this inquiry should be limited to determining whether the proposed substitute claims is broader in scope than the originals, whether they present new matter, whether they do not respond to a ground of unpatentability, and whether written description support is lacking in the originally filed disclosure and priority documents.  If the claims fail any of these inquiries, the PTAB should have the authority to deny the motion.  Finally, with regard to the second element of the Court's question, BIO asserted that if the claims met the above detailed requirements, the narrowed claims should be presumptively patentable.  Therefore, if there is no challenge from the petitioner, the Board's role should not extend beyond making these determinations. The BIO amicus brief supported its argument by citing to the legislative history.  In fact, BIO pointed out that the ability to amend claims was included in the statute with little debate or controversy, which suggests that the ability of the patent owner to amend its claims was "a common and otherwise unremarkable procedure that would unfold as a matter of course if not of right."  Moreover, BIO pointed the Patent Office's own rulemaking to implement the new AIA post-grant proceedings, in which it used the ability to amend claims as a justification for the use of the broadest reasonable interpretation standard for claim construction. BIO continued to argue in its amicus brief that the burden allocation utilized by the Patent Office is inconsistent with the statute.  35 U.S.C. § 316(d) allows a patentee to propose substitute claims that do not enlarge the scope and that do not introduce new matter.  BIO pointed out that the next subsection, 316(e), specifies that a proposition of unpatentability in an instituted IPR must be proved by the petitioner.  Of course, this subsection establishes the evidentiary standard for IPR proceedings as a whole, but it does not specifically establish a different standard for claim amendments.  In fact, BIO points out that under the PTO's interpretation of this subsection, the burden will fall on the petitioner for only some propositions of unpatentability, but not for others. BIO concluded its amicus brief by asserting that the facilitation of more amendments would advance the intended policy outcomes of the AIA.  The goal of the AIA was to improve patent quality.  However, the binary outcome of IPR proceedings (claims survive or are struck down) has frustrated this objective.  In fact, BIO has pointed out that several proposals have been proposed to address improvements in the amendment process.  Nevertheless, for the time being, BIO urged the Federal Circuit to provide guidance to establish an IPR amendment process that fulfills the intended objectives:  "a facile and robust means to improve patent quality, while maintaining the integrity of the post-grant system." Patent Docs will continue to monitor this case. For additional information regarding this topic, please see: • "In re Aqua Products, Inc. -- CAFC Grants Rehearing En Banc to Consider PTAB Motions to Amend," August 15, 2016 Posted at 11:19 PM in Federal Circuit, Patent Trial and Appeal Board, Post-Grant Proceedings | Permalink Comments Hey Michael, Nice summary of BIO's amicus brief. In re Aqua is further proof that the provisions on IPRs were poorly thought out and drafted by Congress. That SCOTUS refused to take up the petitions in MCM Portfolio and Cooper that raise serious issues about the constitutionally of a non-Article III tribunal in an IPR proceeding determining the validity of a property right, which a patent clearly is by statute and history, is a mind-boggling denial of "due process." Posted by: EG | November 16, 2016 at 07:08 AM EG, It was not "convenient" nor aligned with the desired Ends of the Court to address such things. Posted by: skeptical | November 16, 2016 at 07:37 PM Hey Skeptical, How true (and how unfortunate) that SCOTUS views "due process" as fungible. Posted by: EG | November 17, 2016 at 06:45 AM Look what they did with the Spider-Man web shooter case. Paraphrasing: it was wrong but we don't feel like changing it. Posted by: skeptical | November 17, 2016 at 05:36 PM Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. (URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. November 2016 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30       Categories Best Mode Biosimilars Biotech/Pharma Business Biotech/Pharma News Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences Claim Construction Conferences & CLE's Court Report Damages Definiteness District Court Double Patenting Enablement Federal Circuit Food and Drug Administration Hatch-Waxman Inequitable Conduct Infringement - Contributory or Induced Infringement - Literal or DOE Injunction International IP Inventorship Licensing Media Commentary Miscellaneous News from Abroad Novelty Obviousness Patent Exhaustion Patent Legislation Patent Litigation Patent Office Rules & Procedures Patent Profiles Patent Prosecution Patent Prosecution - International Patent Research Patent Trial and Appeal Board Patentable Subject Matter Personalized Medicine Post-Grant Proceedings Study/Report Supreme Court Tools Trade Secrets Utility Written Description See More Google Search Patent Resources EPO Patent Translate Fed. Cir. Opinions Free Patents Online Global Patent/Innovation Quality IP.com MPEP Search Tool PatentBuddy Patent Lens Patent Retriever PatentsSearcher Patexia Patent Search PRIORsmART Prior IP PTAB Decisions USPTO PAIR Bulk Downloads (Google) USPTO EFS-Web USPTO Patents USPTO Patent Database USPTO PAIR Wiki Patents WIPO Lex Patent Search Patent Search Advanced Patent Search Patent Blogs & Sites 717 Madison Place AIA Monitor America-Israel Patent Law American IPA Anticipate This! BlawgIT Canadian Intellectual Property Blog CAS-IP blog Chicago IP Litigation Blog e^(ip) Georgia Patent Law Blog Global Patent Quality Gray on Claims Holman's Biotech IP Blog iam blog Innovation Alliance Intellectual Property Watch Invent Blog Inventive Step IP Dragon IP Newsflash IP Pharma Doc IP::JUR IPcopy ipeg IPethics & INsights IPWatchdog.com Law Pundit LexisNexis Patent Law Community Life Science IP Maryland Intellectual Property Law Blog Orange Book Blog Organic-Reaction Patent Baristas Patent Blurb Patent Circle Patent Librarian's Notebook Patent Prospector Patently-O PatentlyBIOtech Patentology Patents4Life Peter Zura's 271 Patent Blog Philip Brooks' Patent Infringement Updates PLI Patent Law Practice Center Prior Art Reexamination Alert Reexamination Center Rocket Docket IP Blog Securing Innovation SiNApSE SPICY IP Think IP Strategy USPTO Examiners Biotech & Pharma Blogs & Sites Age of Personalized Medicine Big3Bio BioHealth Investor Biolaw Biologue BioNano BiotechBlog BIOtech NOW BioTech Weblog CanceRXnews Datamonitor Healthcare Eye on FDA FDA Law Blog Genomes Unzipped IN VIVO Blog Internet Drug News Pharma IQ Pharmaceutical Business Review Pharmalot Science Progress ScienceBlog Scientific Lawyer SciTech Connect SCRIP Regulatory Affairs Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 More...
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump calls Schumer 'cunning' in deleted tweet News — 12m 38s ago Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets first public backer House — 40m 39s ago Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Campaign — 54m ago Search for secretary of State appears to narrow Campaign — 54m 41s ago Kerry: 'We all must do more to protect transgender persons' News — 1h 6m ago Obama, Putin have brief conversation at APEC summit News — 1h 19m ago Building the BRICS of the Paris Agreement Energy & Environment — 1h 32m ago Jack Keane declined offer to be Defense secretary: report Campaign — 1h 33m ago view all Senate Dems block one of their own from FCC post By Ali Breland - 11/17/16 05:35 PM EST   © Getty Two top Senate Democrats are blocking the confirmation of a fellow Democrat, Jessica Rosenworcel, to the Federal Communications Commission. Sens. Ed MarkeyEd MarkeyDem senators drop objection to FCC commissioner Overnight Tech: FCC chief lashes out at GOP | Obama takes on fake news | Bill would delay new hacking powers Senate Dems block one of their own from FCC post MORE (D-Mass.) and Ron WydenRon WydenDem senators drop objection to FCC commissioner Congress seeks to delay changes to warrant rules Overnight Cybersecurity: Spy chief Clapper resigns MORE (D-Ore.) filed a hold, or formal objection, to block Rosenworcel’s confirmation. It's the latest obstacle in efforts to confirm Rosenworcel to a second term. Her confirmation has been held up by Republicans for months, and now the opposition from lawmakers of her own party makes those prospects even more difficult. ADVERTISEMENT If Rosenworcel is not confirmed by the end of the year, she will have to step down from commission. Markey "wants an FCC commissioner who is unequivocally committed to pro-consumer, pro-competition policies," a Senate Democratic aide told the Washington Post. "Recent actions from Commissioner Rosenworcel have called that commitment into question." Rosenworcel apparently angered the Democrats by not backing FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's proposals for reforming the TV cable box market and expanding broadband in rural areas. In October, Wheeler postponed a vote on the controversial cable set top box proposal after Republican Commissioners Ajit Pai and Mike O'Reilly opposed the measure. Wheeler could not secure a third vote from the remaining Democratic Commissioners to pass the proposal. Rosenworcel reportedly also had concerns over the proposal. The hold also comes amid a fight between FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler and Republicans over his agenda for the agency and is likely to hamstring Wheeler's efforts to move other items. Republicans earlier this week wrote to Wheeler, urging him to avoid moving forward on any "controversial" policy items until after the presidential transition. Wheeler reluctantly yielded to those calls, dropping almost all of the items on the agenda a day before the FCC's monthly meeting. During Thursday’s open meeting, Wheeler slammed Republicans. “It is tragic that 1.3 million Americans who are blind and millions more who are visually impaired will not be able to enjoy expanded video description. They deserve better from this commission,” Wheeler said, referencing one of policy items. “All of these matters are so called ‘controversial’ because they are opposed principally by the largest incumbent firms in the sector. I believe the public interest should prevail.” Wyden joined Wheeler in expressing frustration with Republicans. “Tom Wheeler, was forced to cancel a vote during their Open Meeting due to the inaction of one acting Commissioner. That vote would have implemented a program to help rural Americans receive wireless broadband internet,” Wyden said in a statement. If Rosenworcel isn't confirmed, Wheeler could opt to stay on the Commission until his term ends in 2018 and join fellow Democratic Commissioner Mignon Clyburn. Wheeler’s status as chairman though would be in the hands of the Trump administration. Wheeler said on Thursday that he has not had any communications with the President-elect’s transition team. Tags Ed Markey, Ron Wyden   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Bolton warns Obama on Israel... Former U.N. ambassador says world leaders "very interested" in Trump. 1,065 Shares 2 Schumer threatens filibuster if... Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Trump should pick a "... 982 Shares 3 Pence: I 'wasn't offended' by... Trump is "preparing to be the president of all of the people of the United... 948 Shares 4 Trump blasts SNL: 'It is a totally... The president-elect has taken issue with the show in the past. 632 Shares 5 Melania and Barron Trump won't... "The campaign has been difficult for Barron, and she is really hoping to... 571 Shares 6 Schumer vows 'tough vetting' for... Democrats have pledged to fight Trump's pick for attorney general. 332 Shares 7 Outsiders take power in Trump's... People once confined to the political fringes will be at the center of... 314 Shares 8 Five things to know about Trump's... Buzz is growing around President-elect Trump's plans for a massive... 304 Shares 9 Silicon Valley makes nice with... The two sides battled during the campaign, but now tech leaders want to... 297 Shares 10 Alec Baldwin shoots down Trump's... "There is no more equal time." 203 Shares 11 Trump hits 'highly overrated' '... President-elect Donald Trump early Sunday again called on the cast and... 164 Shares 12 Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Henry Kissinger says Donald Trump is the “most unique” president-elect in... 142 Shares 13 Alec Baldwin returns as Trump on ‘... Trump in the skit meets with a variety of officials, including Mitt Romney. 137 Shares 14 Search for secretary of State... Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney are said to be the two favorites for the job... 123 Shares 15 Trump ripped into Christie by... Trump and Christie spoke by phone shortly before Christie was replaced as... 113 Shares 16 Trump meets with Indian business... Trump vowed to hand off his business to his three adult children in a... 107 Shares 17 Who is Tim Ryan? A closer look at... The 43-year-old from northeastern Ohio has many of the attributes Dems say... 104 Shares 18 Jack Keane declined offer to be... Retired four-star Army Gen. Jack Keane said he was offered the position of... 103 Shares 19 McCain warns Trump on waterboarding McCain says he doesn't "give a damn" what president wants to do. 74 Shares 20 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 73 Shares 21 Trump worried about keeping phone... Trump has reportedly voiced concern about being isolated from friends. 65 Shares 22 Federal judge at citizenship... “He will be your president and if you do not like that, you need to go to... 63 Shares 23 Reports from Standing Rock detail... OPINION | The standoff has turned ugly for many of the protesters,... 62 Shares 24 Barney Frank admits 'mistake' in... Former congressman says namesake legislation should have been more lenient... 61 Shares 25 Bannon: 'I'm not a white... "Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power." 60 Shares 26 Chrissy Teigen shreds Trump for... "Look who wants a f--king safe space now." 54 Shares 27 ‘Hamilton’ actor responds to Trump... The actor who spoke to Pence from the stage is responding to Trump's claim... 52 Shares 28 Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets... Rep. Tim Ryan, the Ohio Democrat challenging House Minority Leader Nancy... 51 Shares 29 Fox News anchor in discussions for... Eric Bolling is reportedly in discussions to join Trump administration.  51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Search Search for: Urvika Gola Hello World! Menu Skip to content Home About Contact Open Search Reaching out to Outreachy The past few weeks have been a whirlwind of work with my application process for Outreachy taking my full attention. When I got to know about Outreachy, I was intrigued as well as dubious.  I had many unanswered questions in my mind. Honestly, I had that fear of failure which prevented me from submitting my partially filled application form. I kept contemplating if the application was ‘good enough’, if my answers were ‘perfect’ and had the right balance of du-uh and oh-ah! In moments of doubt, it is important to surround yourself with people who believe in you more than you believe in yourself. I’ve been fortunate enough to have two amazing people, my sister Anjali, who is an engineer at Intel and my friend, Pranav Jain  who completed his GSoC 16 with Debian. They believed in me when I sat staring at my application and encouraged me to click that final button. When I initially applied for Outreachy, I was given a task for building Lumicall and subsequent task was to examine a BASH script which solves the DNS-01 Challenge. I deployed the DNS-01 challenge in Java and tested my solution against a server. Within a limited time frame, I figured things out and wrote my solution in Java and then eagerly  waited for the results to come out. Going through a full cycle of : I was elated with joy when I got to know I’ve been selected for Outreachy to work with Debian. I was excited about open source & found the idea of working on the project open source fun because of the numerous possibilities of contributing towards a  voice video and chat communication software. My project mentor, Daniel Pocock, played a pivotal role in the time after I had submitted my application. Like a true mentor, he replied to my queries promptly and guided me towards finding the solutions to problems on my own. He exemplified how to feel comfortable with developing on open source. I felt inspired and encouraged to move along in my work. Beyond him, The MiniDebConf  was when I was finally introduced to the Debian community. It was an overwhelming experience and I felt proud to have come so far..  It was pretty cool to see JitsiMeet being used for this video call. I was also introduced to two of my mentors , Juliana Louback & Bruno Magalhães . I am very excited to learn from them. I am glad I applied for Outreachy which helped me identify my strengths and I am totally excited to be working with Debian on the project and learn as much as I can throughout the period. I am not a blog person, this is my first blog ever! I would love to share my experience with you all in the hopes of inspiring someone else who is afraid of clicking that final button! Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... urvikagola Author archive Author website November 17, 2016 Uncategorized 2 thoughts on “Reaching out to Outreachy” Add yours 2 Pingback Reaching out to #Outreachy https://urvikagola.wordpress.com/2016/11… | Dr. Roy Schestowitz (罗伊) Links 18/11/2016: Apache at 17 (Years), GNU Octave 4.2 | Techrights Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Search Search for: Text Widget This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the Customizer. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Up ↑ %d bloggers like this:
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Technology AMD stock surges on Google adoption VR expert weighs in on AMD industry news Orlando-based virtual reality expert Richard Terrell weighs in on news that AMD, which employs 150 here, has been on a roll lately and why VR's emergence will help them. Orlando-based virtual reality expert Richard Terrell weighs in on news that AMD, which employs 150 here, has been on a roll lately and why VR's emergence will help them. Marco SantanaContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel AMD sees surge from news that Google will adopt its microprocessors Advanced Micro Devices has seen its stock surge more than 25 percent this week after the tech giant Alphabet announced it would use the company's processors in its Google platform. AMD, a global microchip designer that employs about 150 in Orlando, saw its stock close at $6.97 per share Tuesday evening before it began its climb, which has taken its share price as high as $8.76 on Thursday before closing at $8.46. The surge shows that the company's efforts based in Orlando have been resonating, spokesman Drew Prairie said. "AMD's recent success, including our improved financial performance which has been reflected in our rising stock price, is a clear indication that there is growing demand for the types of high-performance graphics products that our Orlando engineering team helps create," he said. As more companies jump into technologies such as virtual reality, which requires high-speed processors to mimic reality on a device, the sector has seen a boost in demand. AMD, based in Sunnyvale, Calif., has been battling for control of the microprocessor market with Intel and Nvidia — rivals who have been competing for decades. A Jon Peddie Research study released this week found that AMD holds 13 percent of the graphics processor market — up from August, when it held a 12.3 percent share. Intel remains the dominant player, holding 70.9 percent of the market share in the latest release. Nvidia holds 16.1 percent. Caption Jobless claims decline to lowest level in four decades The fewest Americans since 1973 filed for unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the U.S. labor market is getting tighter. The fewest Americans since 1973 filed for unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the U.S. labor market is getting tighter. Caption Jobless claims decline to lowest level in four decades The fewest Americans since 1973 filed for unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the U.S. labor market is getting tighter. The fewest Americans since 1973 filed for unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the U.S. labor market is getting tighter. Caption Giant balloon bar in the sky could come to the U.S. in 2017 The French company responsible for creating the Mary Poppins themed balloon featured at Disney Springs is hoping to bring a balloon bar to the U.S. The French company responsible for creating the Mary Poppins themed balloon featured at Disney Springs is hoping to bring a balloon bar to the U.S. Caption 4 new food products you could see at theme parks soon The IAPPA Expo in Orlando revealed many new innovations happening in the theme park industry including some new food products. The IAPPA Expo in Orlando revealed many new innovations happening in the theme park industry including some new food products. Caption Restaurants tap into demand for Thanksgiving service - Orlando News Now Sure I-Drive hotels have always been open on Thanksgiving, but a growing number of mainstream independent and chain restaurants say Turkey is becoming a major dining out holiday. A look at why people are skipping eating at home on Thanksgiving and how restaurants are capitalizing. Sure I-Drive hotels have always been open on Thanksgiving, but a growing number of mainstream independent and chain restaurants say Turkey is becoming a major dining out holiday. A look at why people are skipping eating at home on Thanksgiving and how restaurants are capitalizing. Caption Former Valeant and Philidor executives charged with fraud Federal prosecutors are filing charges against one former executive of Valeant Pharmaceuticals and a former executive of Philidor, a mail-order pharmacy. Federal prosecutors are filing charges against one former executive of Valeant Pharmaceuticals and a former executive of Philidor, a mail-order pharmacy. As virtual reality, online gaming and other technologies that require speed expand, AMD and its competitors are expected to continue to grow. AMD built the graphics processors for Microsoft's popular Xbox 360 and other gaming platforms in Orlando. msantana@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5256; Twitter, @marcosantana Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Orlando Sentinel Intel Corp. Microsoft Corporation Xbox All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 64°
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump calls Schumer 'cunning' in deleted tweet News — 12m 38s ago Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets first public backer House — 40m 39s ago Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Campaign — 54m ago Search for secretary of State appears to narrow Campaign — 54m 41s ago Kerry: 'We all must do more to protect transgender persons' News — 1h 6m ago Obama, Putin have brief conversation at APEC summit News — 1h 19m ago Building the BRICS of the Paris Agreement Energy & Environment — 1h 32m ago Jack Keane declined offer to be Defense secretary: report Campaign — 1h 33m ago view all Lawmakers introduce bills to ban National Guard bonus clawbacks By Rebecca Kheel - 11/17/16 02:37 PM EST   © Getty Images Lawmakers from California filed bills in the House and Senate on Thursday to permanently ban the Pentagon from recouping bonuses paid to National Guard troops more than a decade ago, fulfilling pledges to do so after the scandal broke. “The Pentagon has shown a willingness to resolve this issue on its own, but we need to ensure these efforts won’t lapse under a new president,” Sen. Dianne FeinsteinDianne FeinsteinDem senator backing Sessions for attorney general Dems pledge to fight Sessions nomination Overnight Defense: Trump transition team contacts Pentagon | Bill would ban National Guard bonus clawbacks MORE (D-Calif.) said in a statement Thursday. “We want to reassure the affected service members that our government stands by its commitments, and they will not be punished for the actions of others." ADVERTISEMENT Last month, the Los Angeles Times first reported that the Pentagon was trying to recoup more than $20 million paid to thousands of National Guard service members who reenlisted at the height of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. The bonuses were meant to go to troops with in-demand skills but were applied more liberally. It happened in every state, but California was hardest hit. A flood of outrage followed from lawmakers from both parties. In response, Defense Secretary Ash Carter halted the collection efforts pending a review of the process whereby soldiers can seek relief from debt. Under the bills introduced Thursday, recoupment would be waived for anyone who unknowingly received erroneous bonuses. The Army would also have to reimburse any soldier who has already repaid the government, including interest, and notify credit agencies that any debt previously reported was invalid. Anyone who the Army determines knowingly engaged in fraud or misrepresentation to get the bonuses would not be covered by the bills. The Senate bill was introduced by Feinstein and fellow California Democrat Sen. Barbara BoxerBarbara BoxerHouse panel to hold hearing on National Guard bonus clawbacks Poll: Majority of Democrats want to ditch Electoral College Overnight Energy: Hopes rise for Flint aid MORE, and co-sponsored by 15 other Senate Democrats. “I am relieved that Secretary Carter has suspended efforts to reclaim bonuses from service members who accepted them in good faith, but more must be done," Boxer said in a statement. "Our soldiers and their families should not be responsible for the mistakes and illegal behavior of others. I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure this financial burden does not weigh on our military families, who have already sacrificed so much.” The House bill was introduced by Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffSearch for secretary of State appears to narrow Dem rep would 'love' Mitt Romney as secretary of State Senators vow to counter Trump on Russia MORE (D-Calif.) and was co-sponsored by 27 other lawmakers, including three Republicans. Schiff said he hopes the legislation is taken up during the lame-duck session of Congress. He also said he’ll fight to make sure it’s included in the annual defense policy bill being negotiated by a House-Senate conference committee, of which he is a part. “I was pleased when Secretary Carter announced the Pentagon would halt claw backs of bonuses and benefits given to members of the National Guard who enlisted or reenlisted to serve our nation during war time,” Schiff said in a statement. “However, legislative action is still needed to ensure these debts are waived and to repay soldiers who already paid back some or all of the bonuses they accepted in good faith. “It should not fall on the shoulders of those who serve our country to pay for the mistakes of others that offered these incentives improperly or allowed the error to go undiscovered for so many years.” Tags Dianne Feinstein, Barbara Boxer, Adam Schiff   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Bolton warns Obama on Israel... Former U.N. ambassador says world leaders "very interested" in Trump. 1,065 Shares 2 Schumer threatens filibuster if... Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Trump should pick a "... 982 Shares 3 Pence: I 'wasn't offended' by... Trump is "preparing to be the president of all of the people of the United... 948 Shares 4 Trump blasts SNL: 'It is a totally... The president-elect has taken issue with the show in the past. 632 Shares 5 Melania and Barron Trump won't... "The campaign has been difficult for Barron, and she is really hoping to... 571 Shares 6 Schumer vows 'tough vetting' for... Democrats have pledged to fight Trump's pick for attorney general. 332 Shares 7 Outsiders take power in Trump's... People once confined to the political fringes will be at the center of... 314 Shares 8 Five things to know about Trump's... Buzz is growing around President-elect Trump's plans for a massive... 304 Shares 9 Silicon Valley makes nice with... The two sides battled during the campaign, but now tech leaders want to... 297 Shares 10 Alec Baldwin shoots down Trump's... "There is no more equal time." 203 Shares 11 Trump hits 'highly overrated' '... President-elect Donald Trump early Sunday again called on the cast and... 164 Shares 12 Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Henry Kissinger says Donald Trump is the “most unique” president-elect in... 142 Shares 13 Alec Baldwin returns as Trump on ‘... Trump in the skit meets with a variety of officials, including Mitt Romney. 137 Shares 14 Search for secretary of State... Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney are said to be the two favorites for the job... 123 Shares 15 Trump ripped into Christie by... Trump and Christie spoke by phone shortly before Christie was replaced as... 113 Shares 16 Trump meets with Indian business... Trump vowed to hand off his business to his three adult children in a... 107 Shares 17 Who is Tim Ryan? A closer look at... The 43-year-old from northeastern Ohio has many of the attributes Dems say... 104 Shares 18 Jack Keane declined offer to be... Retired four-star Army Gen. Jack Keane said he was offered the position of... 103 Shares 19 McCain warns Trump on waterboarding McCain says he doesn't "give a damn" what president wants to do. 74 Shares 20 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 73 Shares 21 Trump worried about keeping phone... Trump has reportedly voiced concern about being isolated from friends. 65 Shares 22 Federal judge at citizenship... “He will be your president and if you do not like that, you need to go to... 63 Shares 23 Reports from Standing Rock detail... OPINION | The standoff has turned ugly for many of the protesters,... 62 Shares 24 Barney Frank admits 'mistake' in... Former congressman says namesake legislation should have been more lenient... 61 Shares 25 Bannon: 'I'm not a white... "Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power." 60 Shares 26 Chrissy Teigen shreds Trump for... "Look who wants a f--king safe space now." 54 Shares 27 ‘Hamilton’ actor responds to Trump... The actor who spoke to Pence from the stage is responding to Trump's claim... 52 Shares 28 Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets... Rep. Tim Ryan, the Ohio Democrat challenging House Minority Leader Nancy... 51 Shares 29 Fox News anchor in discussions for... Eric Bolling is reportedly in discussions to join Trump administration.  51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Walmart Black Friday Deals To Grab Today Posted: Nov 17 2016, 10:02am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links.   Walmart Pre-Black Friday Deals on sale include a 50-inch Samsung UN50J5000 1080p HDTV on sale for $397. Walmart launched the Pre-Black Friday Deals sale on walmart.com Wednesday. The iPad mini 2 deal is sold out again, but Walmart launched new deals including a 50-inch Samsung UN50J5000 1080p HDTV on sale for $397. This pre Black Friday TV deal is currently the best-seller in Walmart's Black Friday sale available today. How To: Find Nintendo NES Classic In Stock Other Walmart deal highlights include: $299 Xbox One S Bundle with Game, 4K UHD Blu-ray and Controller $12.99 Pie Face $34.95 RCA Voyager 7" 16GB Tablet Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) $54.95 RC Quadcopter Scout Drone 2.4GHz 6-Axis Remote Control Video/Photo Camera $449 Acer Aspire E5-575-72L3 15.6" Laptop, Windows 10 Home, Intel Core i7-6500U, 8GB, 1TB The Walmart Pre-Black Friday Deals are available online at walmart.com. Take also look at the Top 10 Walmart Black Friday 2016 deals, which will go on sale on Thanksgiving.  The Walmart Black Friday 2016 sale begins midnight on Thanksgiving Day online at walmart.com and at 6pm in stores. You can browse the full 36-pages of the Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad online. Walmart will once again open on Thanksgiving Day. The 6pm store opening time is the same as last year. Wristbands for doorbuster deals could be handed out as early as 2 hours before the Walmart Black Friday 2016 sale begins. Ask at your local Walmart store when wristbands have been handed out last year to prepare your shopping schedule. Early Black Friday sales of note are underway at amazon.com and walmart.com. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. See the Black Friday 2016 deals advertised in the big four Black Friday 2016 ads below: Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad The hardest to find Holiday 2016 gifts include Hatchimals, NES Classic, Pokemon Go Plus and the $99 Nintendo 3DS. Use our shopping guide to hunt these hot holiday gifts. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 3 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 5 hours ago Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 25 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 4 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 5 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 6 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 3 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 25 minutes ago Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
M Sunday, Nov 20 2016 | Updated at 01:42 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Nov 17, 2016 06:14 AM EST By G. Sal, UniversityHerald Reporter Acer Swift 7 Release Date: Thinnest Laptop In The World; 7th Gen Core i5, 8GB RAM But Starves For Power? Acer Swift 7 will sport 4GB RAM or up to 8GB RAM and an internal storage of 256GB. (Photo : Ethan Miller/Getty Images) Acer Swift 7 has reportedly been hailed the world's thinnest laptop. The netbook was launched at the IFA earlier this year. The product is slated to hit the stores worldwide beginning Nov. 18. The device is slated to sell via the company's exclusive stores and selected multi-brand outlets as well as online via Flipkart. The Acer Swift 7 is said to be thinner than other netbooks by roughly 1cm or exactly 9.98mm. The device is said to be under 10mm thick. Moreover, the starting price in India is Rs. 99,999. Acer Swift 7 is also said to feature a 13.3 inch full HD display with 1080x1920 pixels and the Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The netbook weighs only 1.1 kg as well. The device will roll out in an all aluminum chassis along with an Intel  seventh generation Core i5 processor. The Acer Swift 7 will sport 4GB RAM or up to 8GB RAM and an internal storage of 256GB. The Swift 7 also comes with a 2,770mAh battery that is said to last up to nine hours, NDTV reported. The Senior Director and Consumer business head in Acer india Chandrahas Panigrahi reportedly noted that Acer had been focusing on strengthening the Swift 7 all this time. Meanwhile, the Acer Swift 7 may be starving for power with the recent allegations that it is the world's thinnest laptop. However, the netbook comes with a pricey MSRP of $1,100. However, the device is said to lack a Thunderbolt 3 which the HP Spectre 13.3 inch laptop has, PCWorld reported. Acer Swift 7 is said to be slender and quiet but it is also said to be bigger and slower than its rivals. Apparently, the thicker HP Spectre 13.3 and the Dell XPS 13 is said to carry more under the hood than the Acer's thinnest device. As for ports, the Swift 7 includes two USB 3.1 Type C Gen 1 and a headset jack. Watch: Acer Swift 7 - The Thinnest Notebook Ever Tags acer swift 7, Acer Swift 7 Specs, Acer Swift 7 news, Acer Swift 7 update, Acer Swift 7 price, Acer Swift 7 Features © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles 'Persona 5' Release News: Valentine's Day 2017 Brings 'No-Translation' Needed Ga ... 'Diablo Guardian' Starts Production With New Producers; English, Spanish Version ... 'Overwatch' News, Update: Symmetra Improvements, Changes In the Game Nintendo Entertainment Classic Hits Stores Once Again For Limited Offer; Wii U P ... Xiaomi Mi 5c Price Leak; 'Meri' Smartphone with 5.5-inch Display, 3 GB RAM Comin ... Join the Conversation Must Read National Universities With The Most Students Living In Campus Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTHarvard has the most number of undergraduates living in campus. ... College Admissions? Ignoring Life After College Is A Mistake Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTFind out why many college students are not getting the career development they want. ... Guide To The Most Frequently Asked Questions During Tech Interviews Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTInterviews are one of the toughest phases of your job application and here are some of the most important questions commonly asked during tech ... MIT Picks Top 10 Smartest Company In The World Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTAmazon tops the list of ... Most Popular Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro: Is It Better than Xiaomi Redmi Note 3? Let's Compare UI, Speedtest, and Performance! Nov 18, 2016 PM ESTIs Galaxy On7 Pro better than Redmi Note 3? How do they compare? Check out the review! ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Thanksgiving Event: Second Gen Pokemon Release Date Will Be Revealed; Niantic Offers Bird-Based, Horses Pokemon for Thanksgiving? [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTAs the Thanksgiving celebration is imminent, rumors about the latest offerings of Niantic for “Pokemon GO” started to circulate around the ... PlayStation 4 Pro Review: A Cool Console But Is The Price Worth It? Nov 19, 2016 PM ESTThe PlayStation 4 Pro is cool console but its not for everyone. It will be good gaming investment though, for certain people who fit certain ... Google Nexus 7 (2016): HTC Will Work with Google Again for 2017 Tablet Release Date? [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTJust when everyone thought that Google Nexus 7 (2016) will not see the light of the day, they are probably mistaken because latest rumors suggest that ... ‘Rick and Morty' Season 3 News: The 3rd Season Will Premiere Sooner [Video] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTRick and Morty' Season 3 will return earlier than expected to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim before the end of 2016. ... Xiaomi Mi 5c Price Leak; 'Meri' Smartphone with 5.5-inch Display, 3 GB RAM Coming in December Nov 19, 2016 PM ESTThe latest leak suggests that Xiaomi will release another affordable device in December. ... Microsoft Surface 'Phone': Is It Actually A Phone? Rumors On Specs, Release Date & Updates Detailed! Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTAs rumors about the Microsoft Surface Pro circulate around the web, sources took note of a few things consumers can expect from the company. ... Ben Carson Declined Any Cabinet Position Especially The Circulating Education Secretary Post Rumor Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTBen Carson declined cabinet position offer from Trump as he wants to have the freedom to work in many different issues. ... Sony PlayStation 4 Pro – 4K TV Guide – How To Choose Right TV Specs For Pro Console Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTSony generally recommends a big 4k TV set for the PlayStation 4 Pro. However, there are a number technical aspects that prospective 4K TV buyers ... Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro, C7 Pro: Two Revamped Phones Coming in December; Packs Larger Display, Faster Processor, Higher Specs? Nov 18, 2016 PM ESTAnother leak on Weibo micro-blogging suggests that Samsung will launch its refreshed phablets, Galaxy C5 Pro and C7 Pro in December. ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Gets Samsung 10nm Semiconductor Process By Eliane Fiolet on 11/17/2016 08:20 PST Details about the upcoming Snapdragon 835 high-end SoC (main processor) from Qualcomm are starting to (officially) emerge. The new chip, designed by Qualcomm, will be manufactured by Samsung Semiconductor using Samsung’s edgy 10nm (nanometer) FinFET process technology. FinFET is a transistor technology that allows much more efficient handling of power leakage, without having to crank up the voltage. Power-efficiency is always a primary concern for Qualcomm since its chips are used in mobile devices where battery life is the main concern for nearly 70% of users, according to Qualcomm. 10nm is the most advanced semiconductor process available industry wide. Not even PCs have switched over, and Intel will do so sometime only later in 2017. Not so long ago, Samsung was already leading with the 14nm FinFET, but this 10nm evolution of the process allows a 30% of area efficiency (pack more transistors in the same space) and a 40% lower power consumption according to a joint Qualcomm-Samsung press release. Power-efficiency is important to cope with the smartphone workloads that keep getting more complex. Being able to get more things done within the same power budget is extremely important because apps are getting more complex, and more of them run in the background at any given time. Qualcomm and Samsung say that Snapdragon 835 is now in production and that the first devices should arrive on the market in the first half of 2017. Although handsets will be announced by OEMs, we can guess that some may be announced at CES 2017 and MWC 2017 – two major shows which Ubergizmo will cover in details. Handsets could be available as early as February, but March/April is more likely. Snapdragon 835 will become Qualcomm’s new “tip of the spear” in the high-end, taking over Snapdragon 821 and Snapdragon 820. Both chips will likely continue to be produced for some time, since they are used in ~200 phone designs. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Qualcomm and SoC. Related Articles 2016-11-18 iPhone 7 On Verizon’s Network Not Performing As Well As It Could 2016-11-17 Qualcomm Quick Charge 4 Announced 2016-11-11 Qualcomm Snapdragon 830 Rumored To Feature Quick Charge 4.0 2016-11-07 Did Qualcomm Just Tease The OnePlus 3T? 2016-10-27 Qualcomm Confirms $47 Billion Acquisition Of NXP 2016-10-18 1Gbps Downloads In Next Snapdragon 800 Series Processors 2016-09-15 What is Qualcomm Clear Sight? 2016-07-25 HTC ‘Sailfish’ ROM Dump ‘Confirms’ Snapdragon 820 Chipset 2016-04-25 Surface Phone Could Sport 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 830 SoC Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Wonderment Apps Opens New Big Data Division   View as PDF  Print View    New division puts top tech like Hadoop, Amazon Redshift, MongoDB, and more to work to achieve the business intelligence, data science, reporting, and other goals of clients, Wonderment Apps reports LOS ANGELES - November 17, 2016 /MarketersMedia/ -- Wonderment Apps, a leading software development company, has opened a new Big Data division. Tapping into a group of highly trained data scientists, software engineers, designers, and other experts, the new division is capable of delivering end-to-end data pipeline solutions to clients. Whether for enabling advanced business intelligence or creating reporting tools that provide incisive new perspectives, the new Wonderment Apps Big Data division is equipped to achieve any related set of goals. Making use of top technologies like Hadoop, ElasticSearch, Apache Kafka, Amazon Redshift, MongoDB, and others, the company's new division is ready to create software that can help any client leverage the power of Big Data. "We're happy to report that we have opened a new Big Data division and can't wait to get to work," said Wonderment Apps co-founder Ryan Williams, "With so many companies today owning large collections of data, it's more important than ever to create performant systems that effectively handle collection, transformation, storage and reporting. Thoughtful data architecture is what often makes the difference, and our new division was created specifically to address this need. Our experts have years of experience working with large data sets and building tools that help clients explore, visualize, analyze, and master them. We have the skillsets to use top back-end technologies to create end-to-end data pipelines and other solutions that will help our clients achieve their business goals." Over fifty years ago, Gordon Moore, a co-founder of processor manufacturer Intel, noticed that technological advances tended to enable a doubling of silicon transistor density every twelve months. While that trend has held up fairly well, growth on the storage side of the digital domain has been nearly as impressive. For the last thirty-plus years, aggregate global information storage capacity has doubled about every 40 months. As a result, many companies and other organizations today find themselves with huge stores of data that could potentially be plumbed for useful, business-relevant insights. As a highly successful team of digital artisans, the designers, developers, and project management experts of Wonderment Apps are well positioned to assist with such goals. From engaging, brand-building web applications to mobile apps and desktop software, Wonderment Apps consistently delivers well-rounded, full-service solutions that account closely for each client's particular requirements. The new Wonderment Apps Big Data division will do the same for a field in which service of this kind is sorely needed. With domain experts leveraging a mastery of a full range of top Big Data technologies like ElasticSearch, Hadoop, MongoDB, Amazon Redshift and others, clients can count on solutions that incorporate the approaches most suitable to their needs, data sets, and situations. From advanced, query-based, end-to-end data analysis pipelines to intuitive, accessible reporting tools, the new Wonderment Apps division is ready to support business intelligence teams, data science initiatives, and any other group or activity that can benefit from Big Data approaches. Visitors to the Wonderment Apps website can learn more about the company's new Big Data division and its wide range of other services. About Wonderment Apps: Combining speed, quality, responsiveness, and a strong product sensibility in ways that benefit clients, Wonderment Apps offers a full range of development, design, product management, and business intelligence services. For more information, please visit http://www.wondermentapps.com/ Contact Info: Name: Ryan Williams Organization: Wonderment Apps Address: 17412 Ventura Blvd, #801 Encino, CA 91316 Phone: 310-962-9215 Source: http://marketersmedia.com/wonderment-apps-opens-new-big-data-division/147208 Release ID: 147208 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released (Sun 20th Nov 16) Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker (Sun 20th Nov 16) Charleston, Cross Lanes Nautilus Fitness Center BodyPump Combat Classes Launched (Sun 20th Nov 16) eBay Arbitrage Software For Sellers Automatic Scan Process Ship Orders Launched (Sun 20th Nov 16) Natural Dog Ear Cleaner Pharmacist Formula Released Non-Toxic Effective & Safe (Sun 20th Nov 16) Business Entrepreneur Coach Marketing Minimalism Maximum Impact Report Released (Sun 20th Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Soltra winds down; what does it mean for STIX/TAXII? * STIX/TAXII standards have become "HTML of Cyber Security" and enable widespread, simple and low-cost information sharing for global enterprises across industries * EclecticIQ, top provider of STIX/TAXII-compliant Threat Intelligence Platform, commends Soltra for protecting industry as early adopter   Spread the Word: Tag(s): * Cyber Threat Intelligence * FS-ISAC * Oasis * Cyber Security * Soltra * Stix * TAXII * Eclecticiq Industry(s): * Banking * Business * Finance * Government * SecurityAMSTERDAM, Netherlands - Nov. 17, 2016 - PRLog -- DTCC and FS-ISAC announced on Nov. 15 that they are winding down Soltra, a joint venture between the two organizations serving the financial industry. Soltra will no longer provide updates to Soltra Edge, which has been downloaded more than 11,000 times and is being used by 2,900 organizations in over 77 countries. EclecticIQ commends Soltra for its role in protecting the industry as an early adopter of STIX/TAXII, the de facto standard for information sharing in cyber threat intelligence. Despite the short-term impact on current Soltra users, the widespread adoption and support for the STIX/TAXII standards enables frictionless migration to other compliant platforms. Over the past year, information sharing in cyber threat intelligence has become a global phenomenon in the fight against the most virulent cyber threats that easily cross borders and industries. Within industries such as financial services, energy, oil & gas, telecom and manufacturing, large enterprises are seeking powerful cyber threat intelligence solutions backed by experienced thought leadership. Broad, integrated perspectives, rather than industry-specific solutions, have the best chance at detecting and preventing attacks. STIX/TAXII standards have a widespread user community and a robust marketplace for STIX/TAXII-compliant tools. Over 50 commercial and open-source products already support STIX/TAXII, including but not limited to: - Threat Intelligence Platforms based on STIX/TAXII: EclecticIQ Platform, Soltra - Threat Intelligence Platforms extracting IOCs from STIX: Anomali, ThreatConnect, ThreatQuotient - Intelligence providers: FireEye/iSIGHT, Fox-IT, Group-IB, Intel 471 - SIEM tools IBM QRadar, Splunk - Endpoint solutions: Bit9, Tanium - Intrusion Detection Systems / Intrusion Prevention Systems: Check Point Software, Cisco - Open-source products: Cabby, OpenTAXII The active and growing community supporting the STIX/TAXII standards are here to stay as they have moved beyond early adoption and gained support from many in the financial services industry. This helped to create a large ecosystem in cyber threat intelligence. STIX/TAXII standards were originally created in 2012 by the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and MITRE, a not-for-profit national technology resource. In 2015, DHS transitioned STIX and TAXII to OASIS, which formally manages the development process much like HTML falls under W3C. OASIS members include Cisco, EclecticIQ, HPE, IBM, and the US Department of Defense. Laurent Liscia, CEO and Executive Director of OASIS, said: "The visionary STIX/TAXII standards have become a mature component of global cyber defense infrastructure, the single most important catalyst fueling the rapid growth of Cyber Threat Intelligence." EclecticIQ, the market leader in providing STIX/TAXII-based Threat Intelligence Platforms to enterprises, governments and MSSPs, is an active contributor to the further development of STIX 2.0, and has also released two open-source solutions to the intelligence community: • OpenTAXII: a feature-rich, Python-based server API for implementing the TAXII standard • Cabby: a Python TAXII client implementation including a libraries and a command line tool Joep Gommers, CEO of EclecticIQ, said: "From its inception, our company has believed strongly that the STIX/TAXII standards offer the most advanced approach for distributing and categorizing threat intelligence. We will continue to advance these standards to the benefit of the entire cyber threat intelligence community and lead in compliancy in our products." For more information about how to participate in the STIX/TAXII community, please visit the OASIS booth at the RSA Conference, Feb. 13-17, in San Francisco (South Expo #S2121). About EclecticIQ EclecticIQ works with large enterprises, governments and MSSPs to improve cyber threat detection, prevention and response. EclecticIQ's analyst-centric EclecticIQ Platform boosts effectiveness of Threat Intelligence practices and intelligence-driven SOC and CERT operations. EclecticIQ Platform automatically collects intelligence from diverse sources; enables collaborative internal workflows; integrates with enterprise security technologies; and supports secure exchanges using STIX/TAXII with external information-sharing communities. The company won Deloitte's Technology FAST50 Rising Star Award for "Most Disruptive Innovator." EclecticIQ is a member of OASIS CTI TC and affiliate member of FS-ISAC. For more information, visit www.EclecticIQ.com. Contact Martin Voorzanger ***@eclecticiq.com End Source : EclecticIQ » Follow Email : ***@eclecticiq.com Listed Under- Tags : Cyber Threat Intelligence, FS-ISAC, Oasis, Cyber Security, Soltra, Stix, TAXII, Eclecticiq Industry : Banking, Business, Finance, Government, Security Location : Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Netherlands A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse EclecticIQ News EclecticIQ boosts information sharing for New Zealand Internet Task Force Protect against identified Zero-Day threats with Exodus Intelligence and EclecticIQ Platform EclecticIQ Announces Bi-directional Threat Intelligence Integration with Real-time Feedback Loop for HPE Security ArcSight ESM EclecticIQ presents Cyber Threat Intelligence Maturity Model at the Gartner Security and Risk Management Summit in London EclecticIQ and Cosive partner to bring advanced Cyber Threat Intelligence to Australia & New Zealand Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
It's On MyTV Everything on TV Menu Skip to content Breaking News Sports NFL MLB NBA COLLEGE Football NHL Boxing NCAAB PGA Tennis SOCCER Reality TV Technology World Search for: Costco Wholesale dazzling Black Friday Ads for early shoppers: Save 60% on Fitness equipments, holiday decor, earrings November 20, 2016Business and Shoppingblack friday ads at costco, costco ads, costco black friday 2016, costco black friday ads, costco wholesale black fridayHarlan Busto Costo Wholesale ads has already been circulating around the web as shoppers are looking for the best deals. With the biggest shopping festival Black Friday is nearing, retailers across nation are stocking up great inventories to surprise their shoppers. There will be huge price slash on many popular products such as Surface Pro 4 from Microsoft and Apple Products. For some serious bargain deals you must look at Costco Wholesale Black Friday 2016 ads, which has everything from home improvement, kitchen electrics, winter apparel and more. Costco Black Friday 2016 ad deals in-store and online both begin at 9AM on Black Friday 25th to 28th November, we still expect Costco to offer special deals on Thanksgiving. Costco’s in-store Black Friday deals are worth looking at, they are no less than any doorbuster deals. You can save up to 60% on fitness equipments, 4K Ultra HDTVs, kitchen appliances, home improvements and holiday decor stuff. Additional savings can be attained via coupons, promo codes and special offers. Home cleaning will get fun if you have Dyson Ball Complete Upright Vacuum which is offered at $289.99 with a massive cut of $160 from regular price. Dyson V6 Motorhead + Cordless Rechargeable Stick Vacuum comes to you at a discount of $105. Save $20 on NutriBullet Prime and Waterpik Ultra & Nano Water Flosser Combo offered at $79.99 and 59.99 respectively. 40% off on Memory Foam Topper is definitely a deal worth stealing. There is huge price cut on luxurious jewellery under Costco Black Friday 2016 deals. 1.00-cttw Round Brilliant Diamond Pendant is featured at $1,199.99 (was 1,399.99) and 1.40-cttw. Princess Cut Diamond Stud Earrings is available at $3,599.99 (was $3,999.99). Getting Celeste Ladies Wool Scarf (Assorted Colors) at $23.99 is a deal that no women would like to miss. Celeste Ladies Wool/Cashmere Sweater (Assorted Colors) is offered at $39.99 (was $49.99). Hunter 52-in. 3-Light Brushed Nickel Fan w/ Remote and Hunter 52-in. 3-Light New Bronze Finish Fan w/ Remote both are featured at $79.99 (savings $20). Add style to your living room by purchasing Venezia 4-pc Top Grain Leather Set w/ Ottoman that has a massive discount of $800 and available to shop at $2.999.99 only. Blendtec Pro 750 Blender w/ Wildside+ & Mini Wildside Jars has $100 off, available at $469.99. No other dealer would give you $1000 discount on Aquaterra Spas Montecito 45-Jet 6-Person Spa like Costco does, get it at $2,999.99. The lavish Osaki OS-3D Pro Cyber Massage Chair is offered at $3,399.99 ($600 off) and Saeco Fully Automatic Espresso Machine can come to you at $319.99 ($80 off). Shopper can take advantage of buying Comfort Tech 10-in. Serene Foam Queen Mattress which is now offered at $349.99 cutting $100 from regular price. Build-A-Bear Workshop Gift Cards (4 $25 Cards) $69.99 can be the best gift for craft lovers. There is also $500 off on Vinotemp 155-Bottle Dual-Zone Connoisseur Series Wine Cooler available at $1499.99 Leave a comment Best Black Friday Deals at WALMART: Shoppers are enticed thru leaked ads and flyers, Lowest Prices available at Wal-mart November 20, 2016Business and Shoppingwalmart 2016 ads, walmart ads released, walmart black friday, walmart black friday ad, walmart black friday ads, walmart black friday deals, walmart black friday leaked ads, walmart doorbuster deals, walmart iphone 7, walmart iphone deals, walmart online deals, walmart online sales, walmart opening hours, walmart thanksgivingClay Hayes   Black Friday 2016 is coming so fast that online and store shoppers alike are looking for the best deals at Walmart through its leaked ads and flyers. Walmart Black Friday deals online begin on Thanksgiving Thursday at 12AM and In-store deals open at 6PM on same day – 24th November. Like every year few stores will be offering wristbands for customer’s hassle-free shopping and also there are some special discounted deals offered for people having Walmart App, all app orders will be shipped at home– go ahead download it for free! Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad is finally here. We are now less than a week away from Black Friday, and the buzz for shopping is going on a high note with each day passing by. After electronic deals, more and more people are looking to grab great deal on Apparel and Home electronics. While many retailers only have discounted deals on few particular items, Walmart 2016 Black Friday ads can be of huge savings on all products.   We already love what Walmart is offering on electronic and mobile deal such as Philips 55″ 4K UHDTV at $298, Xbox/PS4 at just $27 and $250 worth Gift Card on Apple’s iPhone 7 with installment billing agreement from AT&T, Sprint or Verizon. Let’s see the offers coming from Walmart on Black Friday on Apparel and Home Electronics. Walmart Black Friday Deals on Kids/Women apparel Choice of sleepwear should be important, as having relaxing bedtime helps overall mental and physical development. If you are looking to comfort your child with soft and cozy sleepwear then you should consider Walmart’s range of sleepwear for children. Toddler’s parents can buy Infant/Toddler 2-pc. Character Cotton Sleepwear Set (Assorted) or Kids Healthtex 2-pc. Fleece Sleapwear Set (Assorted) both offered at $4.75 each. For boys and girls sized 4 to 16 can go with these vibrant options – Boys 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted Styles) or Girls 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted) all at $4.75 each. Kids Character Slippers (Assorted) are also available at $4.75. Under special buy Walmart has Boys or Girls 1-pc. Character Sleepwear (Assorted Styles) priced at $8.50 and Faded Glory Boys Orange 1/4-Zip Fleece Hoodie can be purchased at $4.75 only. Walmart Black Friday is also offering Character Backpack (Assorted Styles) for children at $5.50 only. Wrangler Boys Straight Jeans are now cheaper with Walmart deals, get them at $8.50. Ladies throw all your old and boring sleepwear and winter wear, because Walmart Black Friday deals can prove beneficial for you. Buy Union Suit Womens Sleepwear (Assorted Colors) and Womens 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted Colors) at just $9 each. The very stylish Cuddl Duds Womens Climate Right 2-pc. Thermal Set (Assorted Colors) can be availed at $9, also save $6 on Riders by Lee Womens Fleece-Lined Shirt (Assorted Colors) offered now at $9. For warp lovers, Walmart has Womens Character Cozy Wrap (Assorted) priced at $9. Complete your shopping by getting the right apparel match, you can buy funky looking Womens Novelty Character Slippers (Assorted) and colourful Womens Fleece-Lined Leggings (2-pk.) at special price of $7 each. Womens Cozy Fleece Sleep Pants (Assorted Designs) and Womens Muk Luks Cozy Slipper Socks (Assorted Designs) both are offered $4.50 each. Also be winter ready with Womens Knee-High Socks (Assorted) offered at $4.50 only. If you love Emoji Beanies don’t forget to buy them at $3. Leave a comment Posts navigation ← Older posts HEADLINES Costco Wholesale dazzling Black Friday Ads for early shoppers: Save 60% on Fitness equipments, holiday decor, earrings November 20, 2016 Best Black Friday Deals at WALMART: Shoppers are enticed thru leaked ads and flyers, Lowest Prices available at Wal-mart November 20, 2016 Like Us On Facebook Pages About US Contact US Privacy Policy blogging November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Proudly powered by WordPress
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Components Graphics General Business News 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR by Mark Tyson on 17 November 2016, 13:31 Tags: NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), AMD (NYSE:AMD) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadbaj Add to My Vault: Tech market research outfit Jon Peddie Research (JPR) has published its latest quarterly market watch report on GPUs. The overall picture is very positive with shipments in the market as a whole "up a whopping 20.4 per cent, from last quarter." All the major GPU vendors gained but if you look at the market share only Nvidia saw a positive in the most recent quarter, according to this study. In summary and in rounded figures, overall GPU shipments increased 20 per cent from last quarter; AMD increased 15 per cent, Nvidia increased 39 per cent, and Intel increased 18 per cent. Year on year total shipments were static however, up a barely noticeable 0.3 per cent with a slight balance change in favour of mobile GPUs. While Q3 is traditionally strong for GPUs, the 10 year average quarter to quarter uplift for this period is nearer to 10 per cent. JPR reports that the significant quarter to quarter gain observed was thanks to both gaming and data centre sales. In PCs the gaming sector is said to be ticking over nicely, offsetting general purpose PC shipments with improved ASPs and margins. Beyond the overall shipment uplift and per-company gains mentioned above, the following key statistics were highlighted by JPR as being of particular note in the most recent quarter: The attach rate of GPUs (includes integrated and discrete GPUs) to PCs for the quarter was 146 per cent which was up 14.96 per cent from last quarter. Discrete GPUs were in 34.84 per cent of PCs, which is up 7.06 per cent. The overall PC market increased 8.09 per cent quarter-to-quarter, and decreased -5.37 per cent year-to-year. Desktop graphics add-in boards (AIBs) that use discrete GPUs increased 38.16 per cent from last quarter. Q3'16 saw a decrease in tablet shipments from last quarter and saw notebook sales out sell tablets for the first time in three years. Comparing company performance is also interesting. While all gained thanks to the larger 'pie', Nvidia's market share increased 2.2 per cent from last quarter, Intel lost 1.6 per cent market share from last quarter, and AMDs overall share decreased 0.6 per cent, from last quarter. The handy table from JPR, below, helps to quickly illustrate the competitive landscape and recent changes. For a deeper dive into the figures, company by company its worth a look at the source report from JPR. Related Reading 16 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker First out of the door will be Zen SR7 HEDT chips with a 8C/16T configuration. 1 Next gen Intel chipsets to sport on-board Wi-Fi and USB 3.1 Industry sources tip this multi-feature integration for the Intel 300-series at the end of 2017. 18 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" Introduction and expansion of Pascal GPUs helps bump revenue up by 54pc. Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst AMD releases Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Watch Dogs 2 to be bundled with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 & 1070 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows Nvidia's DGX SATURNV uses GPUs (and AI) to design GPUs HEXUS Forums :: 2 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by jigger - Sat 19 Nov 2016 18:09 Intel owning the graphics market. Posted by simi - Sat 19 Nov 2016 18:42 Intel owning the graphics market. lubel.com.au MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 18 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR 2 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 18 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR 2 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,210 Forum posts: 2,559,115 Forum threads: 246,665 Currently active users: 604 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World's AI Talent subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Caption: GE Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt exits the stage after being interviewed at the Washington Ideas Forum in Washington, DC, on September 28, 2016. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 11.17.16. 11.17.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World’s AI Talent GE Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images General Electric builds jet engines and wind turbines and medical gear. But the 124-year-old industrial giant is also transforming itself for the digital age. It’s fashioning software that pulls data from all this hardware, hoping to gain an insight into industrial operations that was never possible in the past. The problem is that analyzing all this data is difficult, and the talent needed to make it happen is scarce. So GE is going shopping. The company just paid an undisclosed amount to acquire a Berkeley-based machine learning startup called Wise.io. “There’s thirty of them,” GE CEO Jeff Immelt says gleefully of the Wise.io team, which is heavy with astrophysicists. “You match them with aviation data, and they’re killer.” That’s great for GE and Immelt—and for their customers. But what if you’re a small software company trying to inject some AI into your operation? Wise.io was on a mission to “democratize AI”—to creating tools anyone could use to build machine learning services—but it’s now disappearing into GE. And at a time when machine learning is the prime way of staying competitive in the software world, that’s a notable thing. In the battle for scarce AI talent, companies like GE have an overwhelming advantage. The cost of acquiring a top AI researcher is comparable to the cost of acquiring an NFL quarterback. Not everyone can go out and grab thirty AI-happy astrophysicists. And if you can’t do that, the talent pool becomes very small very quickly, since these machine learning techniques are so new and so different from standard software development. Even the big players talk about the tiny talent pool: Microsoft research chief Peter Lee says the cost of acquiring a top AI researcher is comparable to the cost of acquiring an NFL quarterback. Over the past few years, other heavyweights have snapped up so many other AI startups you’ve never heard of. Twitter bought Mad Bits, Whetlab, and Magic Pony. Apple bagged Turi and Tuplejump. Salesforce acquired MetaMind and Prediction I/O. Intel acquired Nervana. And that’s just a partial list. And it’s not just software and Internet companies doing the buying. It’s also giants like Samsung and GE that are incorporating AI into physical things. As soon as startups spring up to meet the AI need, they get sucked up into the maws of the hungriest, richest corporations. “These big companies are establishing their advantage,” says Chris Nicholson, the founder of Skymind, a still-independent deep learning startup. “Technology is always a battlefield, and they’re tilting it with these acquisitions.” A Shrinking Pool Nicole Shanahan is seeing this firsthand. Her startup, ClearAccessIP, is building software that seeks to automatically analyze patent portfolios. The company uses the latest in machine learning techniques to mine relevant information for patent transactions. That means Shanahan needs data scientists, people with experience in deep neural networks and software like Google’s open source TensorFlow engine that drives this increasingly important form of AI. She’s trying to hire four data scientists who specialize in machine learning, and she can’t land even one. Last week, she put an offer out to a candidate in Canada, but he declined, saying he couldn’t make the move to the States. “It really slows us down,” Shanahan says. “We may end up hiring him as a contractor and letting him work from there.” Can’t she just hire ordinary coders? Not really. Building this machine learning technology is quite different from standard software engineering. It’s less about coding and more about coaxing results from vast pools of data. The irony is that Shanahan’s domestic partner happens to be Sergey Brin, the co-founder of Google, one of the main companies soaking up so much of the available deep learning talent. In 2013, Google acquired DNNresearch, nabbing one of the primary forces behind this technology’s recent rise: University of Toronto professor Geoff Hinton. Then it snapped up DeepMind, the company that recently shocked the AI world by building system that could crack the ancient game of Go. These acquisitions were the start of the industry’s buying spree. Related Stories What the AI Behind AlphaGo Can Teach Us About Being Human OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips Google Just Open Sourced TensorFlow, Its Artificial Intelligence Engine Soon We Won’t Program Computers. We’ll Train Them Like Dogs But it’s not just that big players like Google are buying up so much of the talent. It’s that these big players are nabbing so many startups that were trying to make AI development tools accessible to all kinds of businesses—tools that would let businesses take advantage of AI without needing as much in-house talent. Like Wise.io, Metamind aimed to provide tools that anyone could use to build machine learning services, but it has now disappeared into Salesforce. Nervana, another option, is now part of Intel. So, in a way, the world needs even more AI talent than it otherwise would—though there are signs that some of the big players will pick up the mantle of democratized AI. In the wake of the US presidential election, it may be even harder for small players to find talent. Last week, University of Montreal professor Yoshua Bengio, another key player in the deep learning movement invited AI researchers and data scientists to Quebec, where he is trying to bootstrap an entire community of companies around deep learning research. “In the depressing aftermath of the US elections, I would like to point out that interesting things are happening in the great Canadian North, with a very different kind of government,” he wrote on Facebook. Yann LeCun, the French born head of AI at Facebook, reposted the invitation, no small thing in the tiny, close-knit global community of AI researchers. “Montréal looks like a good landing site if you are an AI researcher looking for a job in North America and you belong to one (or several) categories of now-undesirable people for the newly-elected US government,” LeCun said. That potential brain drain is not a big problem for big companies like Facebook and Google and Microsoft and, yes, GE. As Immelt points out, they’re international companies that can employ researchers practically anywhere. In his post, LeCun points out that Facebook now operates an AI lab in Paris. But that dispersal of talent could add one more layer of difficulty for smaller players here in the States. If researchers flee the country and others decline to come, the pool of available talent shrinks even further, receding beyond US borders and even further into the biggest companies. For smaller companies, the hope is that some of that expertise will trickle down in the years to come. Correction: This story has been updated to clarify the mission of ClearAccessIP. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Artificial Intelligence deep learning GE google Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games Gaming Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games 6 hours America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 11.17.16 Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 days This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 11.17.16 The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 7 hours Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 2 days More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Future of News Facebook Shouldn’t Bother Policing Fake News—It Should Go Local Instead 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 2 days social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 11.16.16 physics Physicists Uncover Strange Numbers in Particle Collisions 6 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login LG V20 review: Great for audiophiles, but who else? Samsung Pay on the Gear S3 works with any Android smartphone Google Live cases show trending topics on your Pixels' screens Latest in Gear Ben Heck's reverse-engineered Game Boy Printer 1h ago View GoPro compensates Karma buyers with free Hero5 cameras 6h ago View Amazon Echo now talks you through 60,000 recipes 12h ago View Amazon will let Italians buy Fiat cars with a click 16h ago View Image credit: Reuters/Albert Gea/File Photo save Save share Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 is its first 10-nanometer chip The company says it conforms to Google's Nougat specs for USB Type-C. Steve Dent , @stevetdent 11.17.16 in Mobile Comments 2005 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Reuters/Albert Gea/File Photo Qualcomm has unveiled its next-gen Snapdragon 835 flagship SoC (system on a chip) and confirmed rumors that it will be built by Samsung using its 10-nanometer FinFET process. Compared to the current 14-nanometer Snapdragon 821 (also built by Samsung), the new processor packs 30 percent more parts into the same space, yielding 27 percent better performance while drawing up to 40 percent less power, the company says. It also improved the design, which will yield "significant" improvements to battery life Other companies, including Intel and TMSC, are working on 10-nanometer chips, but Samsung said it's the first to start building them. Samsung VP Jong Shik Yoon says "this collaboration is an important milestone for our foundry business," and no doubt a shot of good news to distract from Samsung's smartphone problems. Qualcomm expects devices with the first Snapdragon 835 processors, possibly including Samsung's Galaxy S8, to arrive in the first half of 2017. It reportedly has a Snapdragon 830 coming too, but is still mum about that SoC. The new chip comes with Quick Charge 4, which supports 20 percent faster charging than Qualcomm's last-gen tech. That, the company says, will give you up to five hours of extra battery life with just a five minute charge. In just 15 minutes, it'll give Snapdragon 835 phones a half-full battery. The system uses its "INOV" (Intelligent Negotiation for Optimum Voltge) tech, and says the tech is compatible with Google's new guidelines for USB Type-C charging. Google previously said that Qualcomm's Quickcharge 3.0 was not, in effect, compatible with its Nougat specs (above). Mountain View was trying to avoid multiple charge standards that could make it easy to plug the wrong charger into a phone and possibly fry it, or worse, cause a fire or explosion. For instance, OnePlus released a cable that works fine on the OnePlus 2 but can damage other phones or chargers. However, Qualcomm says its system has "advanced safety features for both the adapter and mobile device." It can gauge current, voltage and temperature to safeguard the battery, cables and connectors. "An additional layer of protection is also being added to help prevent battery overcharging and regulate current throughout every charge cycle," its press release notes. The addition of "compatibility with USB Power Delivery" means that it should meet Google's compatibility specs. That's a good thing, as Google said it may take a harder line on future releases. "While this is called out as 'STRONGLY RECOMMENDED.' in future Android versions we might REQUIRE all type-C devices to support full interoperability with standard type-C chargers," its spec says (emphasis theirs). In this article: 10-nanometer, CPU, FinFET, gear, mobile, MobileCPU, Processor, Qualcomm, samsung, Snapdragon835 2005 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in DIY Ben Heck's reverse-engineered Game Boy Printer Not everything goes as planned. By element14,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 7 2h ago in Internet After Math: Are you kidding me? Really, guys? This is how we're gonna play it? Fine. By A. Tarantola,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Green A new supersonic jet, and more in the week that was Also have a look at Jaguar's first electric vehicle. By Inhabitat,  3h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Robots GoPro compensates Karma buyers with free Hero5 cameras You might have had to send your drone in for a recall, but you'll get something for your trouble. By J. Fingas,  6h ago save Save share View 12h 12h ago in Food and Drink Amazon Echo now talks you through 60,000 recipes Allrecipes' Alexa skill helps you cook, even if you're not sure what you want to make. By J. Fingas,  12h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Tech Gadget Software Business Science Space Health Search The TeCake Tech Gadget Software Business Science Space Health 21 C New Delhi Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Home News Gadget Acer launches World’s thinnest laptop for Rs. 99,999 Gadget Acer launches World’s thinnest laptop for Rs. 99,999 By Mudit Tiwari - Nov 17, 2016 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Swift 7- World’s thinnest laptop has now been officially launched in India and people will be able to buy this laptop from November 18.  Another first for this  Acer laptop  is that the Swift 7 is the first  model to be thinner than 1 centimeter i.e 9.98mm. Acer Swift 7 comes with a full HD 13.3-inch Corning Gorilla Glass 5 screen and 1080×1920 pixel resolution display.  The Swift 7  base model is  powered by an Intel seventh generation Core i5 processor paired  with 4GB of RAM. Acer India in its press release said, “The flagship Swift 7 comes packed with an all-aluminium chassis that’s less than one centimeter thin [and] is packed in performance and stamina for all-day productivity.” The Acer Swift 7 is very easy to carry as it weighs only 1.1 kg.  The company also claims that the laptop’s battery will last for up to 9 hours. Acer will sell the Swift 7 from Rs. 99,999 onwards. People will be able to buy the Acer Swift 7 online exclusively via Flipkart and can also get the laptop through Acer’s exclusive stores, select multi-brand outlets. During the launch of the Acer Swift 7, Chandrahas Panigrahi, senior director and consumer business head at Acer India quoted, “We are extremely excited about the India launch of Swift 7. Being the thinnest laptop in the world, it has a premium positioning in the market and with this latest offering, we have fulfilled the need for great performance in a beautiful thin package. Over the last few quarters, we were focused on strengthening our product portfolio by leveraging the latest in technology.” Tags: Acer, Acer laptop, Acer Swift 7, Acer Swift 7 Features, Acer Swift 7 PRice, Acer Swift 7 Specs, laptop Mudit Tiwari Around the web More from The TeCakeMore from the Author Acer unveils Aspire Z3-700 all-in-one PC with battery and Aspire R14 notebook Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Latest News This is the roundest celestial object in nature, ‘Kepler 11145123’ Nov 19, 2016 Microsoft Launches New Tools Compatible with Any Programmer, Any Platform, Any... Nov 19, 2016 NASA again cuts live feed from ISS as mysterious UFO appears... Nov 18, 2016 5 Ways New Technologies are Changing Nursing Forever Nov 18, 2016 Demonetisation Tremble: Mumbaikars aggrandize donations in hospitals instead of temples Nov 17, 2016 Brace Yourself for the Sight of the Year with Leonid Meteor... Nov 17, 2016 Telangana records the highest number of cardiac fatalities, reveals Census Nov 17, 2016 Critical Review on Mafia-III: 29th Rank Holder of 50 Best Games... Nov 17, 2016 Editor's Pick 5 Ways New Technologies are Changing Nursing Forever Rishabh Rajvanshi - Nov 18, 2016 Camera or performance? Here’s what that makes Google Pixel a best... Michael Turner - Nov 7, 2016 iOS Vs Android: Which is the securest operating system? Jaspreet Kaur - Nov 5, 2016 Find MacBook Pro lackluster and pricey??? Here is 5 best Windows... Jaspreet Kaur - Nov 4, 2016 Monthly Horoscopes of November-2016: See what destiny has in store for... The TeCake Staff - Nov 2, 2016 An online news blog, which brings latest updates from Technology, Gadget, Software, Science and Business Email: contact@tecake.com Links RSS Latest News Press Release The Indian Tribune Info About Contact Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscribe to The TeCake via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 The TeCake. All rights reserved. Pin It on Pinterest Previous Journey to Mars: NASA Field Test Focuses on Science of Lava Terrains, like Early Mars Next Huawei Mate Pro 9 launches in 4GB and 6GB RAM variants
The Clare Champion Clare news, sport, entertainment and local notes Home News Sports Lifestyle Regional Ennis Shannon West Clare South Clare East Clare North Clare South Galway Arts & Culture Motoring Obituaries Contact Us Order Premium Gallery Prints Order Photos Advertising History Privacy Policy Home » Breaking News » Rural Clare’s future jeopardised by ‘dire broadband’ Rural Clare’s future jeopardised by ‘dire broadband’ Share ! tweet HUGE tracts of Clare are on the wrong side of the so-called ‘digital divide’ according to local politicians and business people, with concerns this is hampering economic development and will continue to do so for years to come. Research published this week by switcher.ie shows that there is an average download speed in Clare of 17.4 Megabits per second (Mbps). This is the 12th quickest of the 26 counties and while this is dramatically quicker than last-placed Longford (just 7.25Mbps), it is also way behind first-placed Dublin (44.85Mbps) and also some distance behind Waterford (27.9Mbps) and Kildare (27.36Mbps). The research also shows that Shannon, home to companies such as IT giant Intel, has an average download speed of 51.64 Mbps, the eighth quickest city or town in Ireland. While the figure in Shannon is almost three times quicker than the average for the county, there is no doubt that many rural areas are experiencing much slower speeds. Fianna Fáil TD Timmy Dooley said the relatively healthy average figure for Clare masks a lot of problems. “We have good broadband in parts of Ennis and other urban areas. That’s fine and it meets the business needs there. But averages hide the true facts. There are small businesses all over Clare, whether they be shops or pubs or farms, that need access to the internet. There are many families whose children need access to the internet for projects for school, for college work and they find it impossible to get adequate download speeds.” It seems like broadband has been an issue for rural Ireland for an eternity, but Deputy Dooley warned that things are still moving too slowly. “The sad thing about it is there is no end in sight. Notwithstanding that the Government have had a national broadband strategy/plan underway since 2012, we still don’t have a tender document circulated to appoint a company or group of companies to deliver it. There is going to be a lead-in time to roll this broadband out and there is now talk that it could take four to five years. All the while, technology is changing and content requires faster download speeds. We are way behind the European index on this.” He contrasted the roll-out of broadband with the rural electrification scheme in the 20th Century. “When you look at the electrification of Ireland, nobody said that if you lived out on the top of a hill in Inagh or in Ogonnelloe or Broadford or Cooraclare, you should get a lesser voltage than people in places like Ennis or Kilrush or Shannon. What we’re saying at the moment is that it is ok for Ennis to have 220 volts in electrical terms and it is ok for people in rural areas to have 10 volts.” Kilrush-based Councillor Ian Lynch said that broadband provision is very poor in West Clare and the public are vexed by the issue. “There is a huge sense of anger and frustration about it. There is also concern that because we haven’t got it, the door is closed for businesses to come here. People are just getting the feeling that we have been forgotten about again. “They seem to have said ‘there is only a sparse population in West Clare or in North Clare or even in East Clare, don’t worry about them, let’s look after where we can make money’,” Councillor Ian Lynch said. Maireád O’Brien, the manager of the Woodland Bistro at the Vandeleur Walled Garden in Kilrush, said the poor quality of broadband is hampering her business. “We have a beautiful conference room upstairs and we have interest from people in running computer classes or maybe other classes where technology would be needed. We can’t proceed with our business because we have no proper wifi. We can’t provide that service. There is a demand for it; people are travelling to Ennis. “Myself and another woman who works here did a course on how to use social media to promote your business but we had to travel to Ennis to do it. Half of the people there were from West Clare because they couldn’t do it in Kilrush because they wouldn’t be able to guarantee that 10 people sitting in a room would be able to connect to a wifi and sustain that connection. It’s outrageous. “We have local people wanting to run courses or if they have home offices, they may want to use our facilities if they have visiting experts to train them up in something. But they can’t use our facilities. We have an empty room we can’t utilise. If you personally wanted to send off an article from here you couldn’t because the wifi is poor. Maybe you could do it if you sat on the stairs. “We can’t have a credit card machine down in the coffee shop because the signal stops at the stairs. We have to leave the machine at reception because the wifi signal won’t stretch. It impedes business at every step,” she concluded. By Owen Ryan Broadband digital divide Ian Lynch megabits rural Clare Timmy Dooley 2016-11-17 Austin Hobbs Share ! tweet Tagged with: Broadband digital divide Ian Lynch megabits rural Clare Timmy Dooley Previous: Works underway on Ennis Active Travel Town Scheme Next: Clare schools benefit from grants Related Articles New council CEO sets 4,000 jobs target September 9, 2016 Clare TDs to face councillors May 16, 2016 ‘Microwave hearing’ cited in Cooraclare mast appeal April 25, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Pink Angel Ball Latest News Outstanding Ballyea end Clare’s 16 year Munster waitNovember 20, 2016 Ballyea 1-21 Glen Rovers 2-10 A truly outstanding performance by …Read More » Deadline looming for Trump’s wall planNovember 20, 2016 WHILE much focus has been on whether US President Elect …Read More » Make sure you’re registered to voteNovember 19, 2016 The National Youth Council of Ireland (NYCI) is encouraging young …Read More » Ballyea set for ‘field of dreams’November 19, 2016 AT this time of year, Robbie Hogan would normally be …Read More » Advertisement Snippets Buy Your Digital Edition – Click Below Join us on Facebook @clarechampion Tweets by @clarechampion Advertisement Most Popular Body recovered at Cliffs of Moher A post mortem is due to be carried out today… Clare postmaster plans new union A Clare postmaster has outlined plans to set up a… New Lufthansa Frankfurt-Shannon service Shannon Airport is set to get its first ever scheduled… Works underway on Ennis Active Travel Town Scheme Ward and Burke Construction Ltd. have commenced work at Maid… Scattery Island plans making progress POSITIVE progress is being made on the development potential of… Social Navigation Home Contact Us Terms of Use History Privacy Policy Categories Categories Select Category Arts & Culture Breaking News Farm Follow Live Lifestyle Motoring News Obituaries Photos Regional    East Clare    Ennis    North Clare    Shannon    South Clare    South Galway    West Clare Shelly Articles Sports test cat World News Outstanding Ballyea end Clare’s 16 year Munster wait November 20, 2016 Deadline looming for Trump’s wall plan November 20, 2016 Social Designed & Developed by Simul Reach Copyright © 2013 · All Rights Reserved · The Clare Champion :)
null
null
null
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     EBay Black Friday And Cyber Monday Deals Leak Posted: Nov 17 2016, 1:14am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Photo Credit: Getty Images   A list of deals eBay will offer on Black Friday 2016 and on Cyber Monday 2016 has surfaced. The eBay Black Friday sale has been a proven source of rock bottom bargain deals. The auction site is also a full blown online store that is curating sales events all year round. The eBay Black Friday and the eBay Cyber Monday events are the most anticipated events each year. Don't Miss: The Best Black Friday 4K HDR TV Deals eBay has not yet announced the plans and deals for Black Friday yet. A list of eBay Black Friday 2016 deals has leaked online. The list includes deals on the DJI Phantom drones and discounts on unspecified 4K Ultra HD TVs.  eBay Black Friday 2016 Deals G 34" Ultra-Wide 1080p Gaming Monitor - $249.99 DJI Phantom 4 - $949.00 DJI Phantom Drones - Up to 40% Off Canon PIXMA MX922 Wi-Fi Inkjet All-in-One Printer + Corel PaintShop Pro X8 Bundle - $65.99 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7" 32GB Tablet - $149.99 Dell XPS 13 Touchscreen Notebook Computer w/ Intel Core i5 2.3GHz Processor, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, Windows 10 - $899.99 Asus 15.6" Full HD Notebook Computer w/ i& Processor, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD - $549.99 Samsung 50" 4K UHD TV - $997.99 Samsung 65" 4K UHD TV - $1497.99  The eBay Cyber Monday 2016 deals feature also drone, but add interesting deals on Apple products too. The Apple iPad Pro 12.9 256GB will be on sale for 649.99 and a Apple MacBook Air Core i5 8GB 128GB is only $786.99. The best eBay Cyber Monday 2016 deal in this list is on a Microsoft Xbox One S. The Xbox One S 1TB Gears of War Bundle will sell for $299.99 and include a free Xbox controller and the Deus Ex: Mankind Divided game. This is the first deal on the Xbox One S 1TB that is priced below $300 and has additional perks. eBay Cyber Monday 2016 Deals LG 27" 4K UHD LED Monitor - $329.99 Samsung 850 EVO 250GB 2.5" SATA III SSD - $69.99 DJI Phantom 3 Professional - $749.00 DJI Phantom Drones - Up to 40% Off Xbox One S Gears of War 4 1TB Console + Xbox One Controller (White) + Deus Ex: Mankind Divided - $299.99 PlayStation 4 Pro Console + Watch Dogs 2 + Street Fighter - $399.99 Apple iPad Pro 12.9" 256GB WI-Fi Tablet - $649.99 Apple MacBook Air w/ i5, 8GB RAM, 128GB SSD - $786.99 Apple iMac 27" 5K w/ i5, 8GB, 2TB Fusion - $1899.99 Black Friday site BFAds reports that these deals are unconfirmed yet, but are supposed to be legitimate according to their source. There will be many more deals on eBay available. Expect an official announcement of the eBay Black Friday 2016 sale any day now. The eBay Black Friday 2016 deals are expected to be available on Thursday Nov. 24. The eBay Cyber Monday 2016 sale could launch as early as Sunday Nov. 27. eBay is already offering deals right now on the deals.ebay.com site. eBay is already selling today the $249.99 Sony PS4 Slim 500GB Uncharted 4 Black Friday deal. Early Black Friday sales of note are underway at amazon.com and walmart.com. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. See the Black Friday 2016 deals advertised in the big four Black Friday 2016 ads below: Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad   The hardest to find Holiday 2016 gifts include Hatchimals, NES Classic, Pokemon Go Plus and the $99 Nintendo 3DS. Use our shopping guide to hunt these hot holiday gifts. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 3 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 5 hours ago Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 25 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 4 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 5 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 6 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 3 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 25 minutes ago Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Gadgets Black Friday Deals – Core i5 Laptops Refurbs vs Brand New Elroy Bethell - November 17, 2016 1:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail AUS Q504UA  (Source: Amazon) Black Friday is here and all the major players are already peddling their wares with Black Friday Ads designed to garner sales. There are lots of choices, so take you time and shop around. A deal is a deal, whether it is brand new or a refurbished laptop. You just need to determine what you want to live with.  So, what is the difference between the two? A refurbished laptop is either a computer that was returned to the seller or manufacturer for a refund by a customer or a computer that has just come off a lease. Such computers may have minor defects or merely not meet a customer's expectations. Before a returned laptop can be resold, any defective components are repaired or replaced and the computer is then meticulously examined to certify that it works properly. Any computer that goes through this process must be branded as refurbished or reconditioned. You can find some good deals on refurbished laptops compared to their new counterparts and this Black Friday is full of them. Here is my Editor’s comparison: I found this laptop listed 3 times on Best Buy’s website under the following prices. Clearance - $649.99 Open-Box Excellent – Certified - $584.99 Open-Box Excellent - $ 571.99 Asus Q504UA-BBI5T12 2-in-1 Photo Source: Amazon This laptop is made by ASUS and has a host of features.  There is a responsive touch screen that lets you navigate perform actions efficiently. This two-in-one style laptop also provides tablet style operation. You can also, cast videos from this Asus laptop to your Intel Wireless Display functionality. Photo Source: Amazon   Model ASUS Asus Q504UA ASUS Asus Q504UA Price $661.50 $584.99 Processor i5-6200U 2.8Ghz i5-6200U 2.8Ghz Graphics Intel HD Graphics 520 Intel HD Graphics 520 Style 2-in-1 360° flip-and-fold design 2-in-1 360° flip-and-fold design Condition Brand New Refurbished Geek Squad Certified Resolution 1920 x 1080 1920 x 1080 RAM 12GB 12GB Hard drive 1TB Mechanical_hard_drive 1TB 1TB Mechanical_hard_drive Battery Life 6 Hours 6 Hours Product Dimensions 15 x10 x 0.7 inches 15 x10 x 0.7 inches Weight 5.1 pounds 5.1 pounds   Sources: Amazon, Best Buy "I mean, if you wanna break down someone's door, why don't you start with AT&T, for God sakes? They make your amazing phone unusable as a phone!" -- Jon Stewart on Apple and the iPhone Latest Headlines Google Home Smart Speaker - Price Slashed to $99.00 November 19, 2016, 5:00 AM Does Omega G Cleaning System do the Job? November 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Black Friday is Ahead. What do You Have in Mind? November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Do You Know What Products Apple Made Decades Ago? November 4, 2016, 5:30 AM What will be the next iPhone display? And what else at CES 2016 November 1, 2016, 5:35 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesHere Goes Intel and AMD - Neck and Neck Again November 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Black Friday Deals – Core i5 Laptops Refurbs vs Brand New November 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Intel CPUs – Which one is right for you? November 13, 2016, 7:32 AM Black Friday VR Headset Review – Part 1 of 2 November 14, 2016, 9:32 AM Surface Book with Performance Base: Arrives 11/28/2016 November 12, 2016, 6:00 AM Latest Blog Posts HTC Makes Big Moves in China Elroy Bethell - Nov 20, 2016, 2:00 AM Do you know who is the number one company in the word? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 19, 2016, 5:30 AM Foldable Cardboard ”EcoHelmet” wins James Dyson Award’s Top Prize Saimin Nidarson - Nov 18, 2016, 2:39 AM Scientists Discover Roundest Object Ever Spotted in Universe Saimin Nidarson - Nov 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Smallest Device Lets You Print Almost from Anywhere Saimin Nidarson - Nov 16, 2016, 9:32 AM Cancer Screening in the Community Is there a link between Cancer and Poverty? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 36° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sun and clouds mixed. High 47F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 9:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Nation Close 1 of 5 The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry speaks, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry speaks, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry, right, talks with former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry, right, talks with former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry , background right, and former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar chair a major economies forum meeting, at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) AP Kerry: Obama's climate change targets won't be reversed By KARL RITTER Associated Press Nov 16, 2016 (…) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry speaks, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry speaks, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry, right, talks with former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry, right, talks with former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) The Associated Press US Secretary of State John Kerry , background right, and former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar chair a major economies forum meeting, at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) MARRAKECH, Morocco • U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry made a stirring appeal Wednesday to all countries — including his own — to press ahead with the fight against climate change, saying a failure to do so would be a “betrayal of devastating consequences.” Without mentioning Donald Trump by name, Kerry’s speech at the U.N. climate talks was partly aimed at the Republican president-elect who has called global warming a “hoax” and has pledged to “cancel” the Paris deal limiting greenhouse gas emissions. “No one has the right to make decisions that affect billions of people based solely on ideology or without proper input,” Kerry said. With 2016 on track to be the hottest year on record, Kerry said the impacts of global warming were now evident across the world with record-breaking droughts, rising sea levels, unusual storms and millions of people displaced by weather events. “At some point even the strongest skeptic has to acknowledge that something disturbing is happening,” he said. The U.S. election outcome has created deep uncertainty about the U.S. role in international climate talks — and about the Paris Agreement adopted last year by more than 190 countries. But Kerry said the U.S. was already in the midst of a clean energy transition that would continue regardless of policy-making. “I can tell you with confidence that the United States is right now today on our way to meeting all of the international targets we have set,” Kerry said. “Because of the market decisions that are being made, I do not believe that that can or will be reversed.” More than 300 U.S. businesses have signed a statement calling on Trump to support the agreement — including General Mills, eBay, Intel, Unilever, and dozens of other Fortune 500 companies. Their statement reads “implementing the Paris Agreement will enable and encourage businesses and investors to turn the billions of dollars in existing low-carbon investments into the trillions of dollars the world needs to bring clean energy and prosperity to all.” The statement is addressed to Trump, President Barack Obama and members of Congress. It calls on elected U.S. officials to maintain the country’s policy and financial commitments to lower carbon emissions. Lara Birkes, chief sustainability officer of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, said that “the Paris Agreement was a vital step forward, but its power is in our collective action.” The Obama administration pledged during the Paris negotiations to reduce U.S. emissions by 26-28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025. Bill Hare, director of the Climate Analytics research group, said the U.S. was on the right path to meeting its target “but a bit more is needed to get there.” He said that if Trump dismantled Obama policies such as the Climate Action Plan and Clean Power Plan, then U.S. emissions would stay at current levels instead of decrease. Kerry said an “overwhelming majority” of Americans know that climate change is happening and support the U.S. commitments under the Paris deal. Falling short in the fight against climate change would be a “moral failure, a betrayal of devastating consequences,” he said. Kerry said climate change shouldn’t be a partisan issue and noted that military and intelligence leaders have recognized its potential as a “threat-multiplier.” ‘deep denial’ An American climate change skeptic shredded a copy of the Paris Agreement at the conference Wednesday. Marc Morano, who runs a climate skeptic website, was led away by security guards after the stunt outside the media center in Marrakech. Morano put the document in a paper shredder and said that’s what will happen to the Paris deal once Trump takes office. Wearing a red Trump hat, he said “the delegates here seem to be in deep denial about President-elect Trump’s policies.” As security guards led him away, he said “we will not be silenced.” Morano is a former aide to Oklahoma Sen. James Inhofe, one of the most vocal climate skeptics in U.S. Congress. Videos from CNN Tags Business General News Government And Politics Science Environmental Policy United Nations Climate Change Conference Climate Environmental Concerns International Relations Environment Environment And Nature Government Policy Events Atmospheric Science Earth Science Environmental Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Air Quality View (…) comments Most popular Confined to bed, disabled former Rock Hill police officer feels forgotten Wentzville man shoved fingers in throat of infant son to stop his crying, police say Carjackers lead police on high-speed chase from Wentzville to Maryland Heights Two students with St. Louis ties are among new Rhodes Scholars Man found shot to death in vehicle in St. Louis Quick links Current Affairs Obituaries Do you know a woman of achievement? Get this St. Louis collectible from the Post-Dispatch Store See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 20, 12:28 PM CST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Self-Driving Cars That Might Give Tesla Run For Its Money In The Near Future By Rishabh Jain On 11/17/16 AT 12:55 AM Close Tesla might have got an early start when it comes to self-driving car technology but other companies are also stepping on the gas as far as the technology is concerned. While the technology is nowhere near being fully autonomous, with more and more automakers and even companies like Google stepping in, self-driving cars have transformed from a mere fantasy to slowly on the way to becoming a mainstream auto technology.   Here are some companies whose self-driving cars might raise competition for Tesla in the near future: Google Google's self-driving car project has been in the works for some time. The company has been testing a fleet of modified Lexus SUVs and new prototype cars. The car uses mapping and sensors to determine location and route. Its sensors let it detect objects around it and classify them on the basis of shape, size and movement. The sensors then choose a safe speed and trajectory for the car. "This prototype design is still on the learning curve from a technology and design standpoint," YooJung Ahn, senior designer, Google self-driving program, reportedly said. But Google has clocked over 2 million self-driving miles by November 2016.  The company is working on a car that will be devoid of pedals or steering wheel and will entirely depend on software to handle the driving. The car recently maneuvered a 180-degree, three-point turn. The company's monthly report for October 2016 states: “Our goal is to develop a fully self-driving car that can handle every part of driving, and that means teaching our car to handle advanced maneuvers like these multi-point turns.” BMW BMW announced in July that it would bring solutions for fully autonomous car — the BMW iNext — by 2021. The company is partnering with Intel and Mobileye on three concept self-driven cars. Details are currently scarce on the subject. "Together with Intel and Mobileye, we aim to develop the technology for autonomous driving within five years. All three partners will pool their know-how in the fields of automotive engineering, technology, computer vision and machine learning,” BMW CEO Harald Krueger said in a speech in July at a quarterly press conference in Munich. The company acquired Nokia HERE maps in August 2015 along with Audi. In December, HERE 360 Editor-in-Chief Pino Bonetti said that the company would work on high-resolution real-time maps for self-driving cars.  Toyota Toyota has taken a different approach to self-driving. Instead of a technology that takes over driving, the company is working on a technology that assists the driver. The company intends to introduce this technology by 2020.   The company was a late mover to autonomous driving, but it has accelerated its project by investing $1 billion for a new Toyota Research Institute and is working with MIT, Stanford and the University of Michigan on autonomous driving. The company's “guardian angel” system will automatically take control of a vehicle in case of danger.  “In the same way that anti-lock braking and emergency braking work, there is a virtual driver that is trying to make sure you don’t have an accident by temporarily taking control from you,” Gill Pratt, CEO of the Toyota Research Institute, explained. General Motors Related Stories Tesla Says It Will Roll Out Uber-Style Services Google's self drive car to hit Nevada if legislation gets through General Motors has acquired Cruise Automation and its Chevrolet Bolt EV is being modified into a self-driving version. A 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was spotted in San Francisco with a “Platypus” label in August. Previously, the company was working on “cruise automation” technology — retrofit kits that will make any car autonomous — but it is now gearing toward fully autonomous vehicle technology. GM is only testing the technology on its Chevrolet Bolt EV.  Other details about the project haven't been revealed yet. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Best Black Friday Target Deals To Shop Target has released its Black Friday ad preview and the discounts are prime. Here are the deals to look into post-Thanksgiving. Technology AT&T Will Announce DirecTV Now On Nov. 28 In New York City After teasing its DirectTV Now for months, AT&T sent out invites for an event in New York City on Nov. 28, where we’ll get to hear all about the new streaming service. World UK To Ban Porn Sites With No Age Verification The proposed legislation can lead to porn websites being blocked if they do not verify the age of their users, to curb underage exposure to explicit content. National Melania Trump Is Staying In New York The future first lady wants to shield son Barron from disruption since the 10-year-old had a difficult time during the campaign, a source told the New York Post. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
skip - District M header bidder Israeli GDP expands unexpectedly fast in 2nd and 3rd quarters - Business - Haaretz.com skip - optimizely- HDC skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - תגיות codefuel skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Sunday, November 20, 2016. Cheshvan 19, 5777 Time in Israel: 8:48 PM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion World News Middle East News U.S. Election 2016 Jewish World All sections Israel News Culture Business Science Sports Videos Travel in Israel World News U.S. Election 2016 Middle East News Jewish Holidays Food Archaeology Books Opinion London Conference E-paper Shabbat Times Weather Israel Real Estate ESSENCE Edition française Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business Israeli GDP Expands Unexpectedly Fast in 2Nd and 3Rd Quarters Economy grew a preliminary 3.2% rate in third quarter and at revised 4.9% in second. Moti Bassok and Guy Erez Nov 17, 2016 1:46 AM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon Israeli shekels.Reuters Israel revises GDP growth sharply higher for 2016's second quarter Israel's economy grew at fastest pace in year-and-a-half in 2016's second quarter OECD: Israel's economy is strong, but inequality is rampant The Israeli economy posted unexpectedly strong growth in the third quarter as investment soared, the Central Bureau of Statistics reported Wednesday. But consumer spending growth slowed and exports slumped. Gross domestic product expanded at a preliminary 3.2% annualized rate in the three months, a faster rate than the 3% economists had forecast. Moreover, the CBS revised its figures for second-quarter growth by a full 0.6 percentage points to 4.9%. But behind the unexpectedly high growth figures, the economy’s performance was more mixed, said Ofer Klein, chief economist at Harel Insurance & Finance. Growth in consumer spending, which has been the engine of economic growth in the last few years, slacked from a 2.9% annualized rate in the third quarter, down from 9.3% in the second quarter and its slowest in more than a year. Exports, not counting polished diamonds and startup companies, fell at a 6.3% pace in the third quarter after briefly surging 11.3% high in the second quarter. Meanwhile, investment in fixed assets, which includes everything from residential construction to purchases of machinery and equipment, rose at a 12.1% rate — the third quarter in the last four to post a double-digit increase — but Klein said he didn’t think the breakneck growth would continue. “A large part of that, it appears, was a one-time occurrence due to the investments by Intel in its Kiryat Gat factory,” said Klein. The U.S. chip maker earlier this week inaugurated a $6 billion production line at the plant. Overall, investment in machinery and equipment in the quarter soared at a 13.5% annualized pace. Investment in residential building, which Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon has been trying to encourage to stem the rise in housing prices, was up at a 9% annualized rate in the quarter, its fastest pace this year. Although exports of goods and services were weak overall in the third quarter, exports of polished diamonds rose at a rate of 35.8% and tourism receipts, which are counted by statisticians as a service export, were ahead at a 25.7% pace. “Exports, despite the revisions upward for previous quarters, are still a weak spot for the Israeli economy due to the strong shekel and slack world export markets,” Klein added. Nevertheless Harel revised its GDP growth forecasts for this year to 3.1% and to 3.3% in 2017. Israel’s economy has been growing on the back on a surge in consumer spending as wages rise, interest remains at record lows and unemployment has fallen to its lowest rate in three decades. While it undermines the export competitiveness of Israeli companies, the strong shekel has kept prices for imported goods low, as have low energy prices. Brisk growth, especially for consumer spending, has also filled the government’s coffers with tax money, reducing the deficit and enabling Kahlon to lower taxes. Last week, the credit rating agency Fitch Ratings raised Israel’s sovereign rating to A-plus from A. Guy Yehuda, senior economist at Psagot Investment House, also raised his growth outlook for the economy yesterday, to 3%-3.5%. “Exports shrunk 6.3% but the big story for sure is investment, which continues to expand quickly — 12.2% in the third quarter,” he said. “No doubt we’re seeing a real improvement in the rate of economic growth, an improvement we believe will continue into 2017 when we’ll see a further acceleration in economic activity with growth of 3.5%.” The statistics bureau said imports of goods and services in the third quarter rose at a 5.8% annualized rate, slowing from a revised 21,.8% in the second quarter. While consumer spending continued to rise in the third quarter, the Israeli shopping spree for consumer durables like washing machines and furniture took a sudden turn lower: After jumping an annualized 26.7% in the second quarter, it fell at an 18.7% rate in the third, statistics bureau figures showed. Moti Bassok Haaretz Contributor Moti Bassok Send me email alerts for new articles by Moti Bassok Send Close Email * Please enter your email Moti Bassok For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Most Viewed Now Suddenly It’s Okay to Be pro-Israel and anti-Semitic WATCH Baldwin Returns to SNL, Trump Tweets Again His Displeasure Israeli Army Digging in Against Possible Hezbollah Incursion Jon Stewart Rips Liberal Media 'Hypocrisy' in Calling Trump Supporters Racist Israel business news Israel economy Cultural Wars Hamilton Cast Fires First Shot in Conflict Israel Knows Too Well By Don Futterman4 hours ago This is a primium article This article contains a video Outbreak of anti-Semitic Graffiti in Ottawa; Suspect Arrested By Haaretz10 hours ago 'Prayer of the Mothers' Honors Thousands of Jewish and Arab Women Marching for Peace By Haaretz6 hours ago This article contains a video Bannon: 'Darkness Is Good, We'll Govern for 50 Years' By Haaretz8 hours ago Trump Is the Host and Bannon the Virus By Rogel Alpher16 hours ago This is a primium article U.S. Jewish Leaders Warn Trump: We Will Not Sit Idly By By Judy Maltzyesterday This is a primium article 2 comments 2 Promoted content Security & Aviation The Israeli Submarine Scandal: What We Know Second Female Commander to Head Israeli Army Combat Unit Israeli Air Force Holds First Exercise in French Skies Russia Just Restricted the Strongest Air Force in Mideast This Day in Jewish History This Day in Jewish History 2003: A Man Who Would Transform Prune Farms Into Silicon Valley Dies By David B. Green13 hours ago skip - Subscribe element Get our top Business and Finance stories directly to your inbox – every week. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Today's Most Read Bannon: 'Darkness Is Good, We'll Govern for 50 Years' Opinion Suddenly It’s Okay to Be pro-Israel and anti-Semitic Israeli Army Digging in Against Possible Hezbollah Incursion Jewish Leaders Across America Deliver Warning Letter to Trump: We Will Not Sit Idly By WATCH Jon Stewart Rips Liberal Media 'Hypocrisy' in Calling Trump Supporters Racist Analysis Trump’s Recruits: Solid Picks Alongside Extremists With a Touch of Weirdo skip - ICYMI Scroll back Jewish and Muslim Organizations Form New Alliance Bannon's Pick Is a Moment of Truth for U.S. Jews Meet the Kushners: The Dynasty That Links Trump, Christie The Extraordinary Israeli Story Behind 'Lover, Lover, Lover' President Trump Has Shattered Jews' American Idyll Greatest Victory for anti-Semitism in America Since 1941 How Trump Won, Scared the Jews and Saved Israel What Can Russia's Old Smoky Carrier Do in the Med? I Still Love America. But, After Trump's Victory, I Don’t Trust It Israel Hit With a Wave of Tourists From Georgia Applying for Asylum Ultra-Orthodox Face Dark Facts About Holocaust Legends The 'Global Conspiracy' to Topple Netanyahu Thanks to Trump, We Can Understand How Hitler Was Possible A Former Spy Chief Is Calling on Israelis to Revolt Russia Restricted the Strongest Air Force in Mideast Liberal Zionists, We Lost the Kids 'Can't Count on Men for Peace. We Have to Do It Ourselves' Ancient Jerusalem Wall Reveals Second Temple's Destruction Breathe, Less: Israeli Researchers Find Solution to Jet Lag As Prostitution Goes Online, the Internet Becomes New Pimp Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Israel Real Estate Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Mira Sucharov Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ חדשות גלריה מתכונים למרקים ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - skip -
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Microsoft Software Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation, launches test build of Visual Studio for Mac A decade ago, this would have been blasphemy By Shawn Knight on Nov 16, 2016, 6:00 PM TechSpot Microsoft, a company that for decades built its business on proprietary, closed-source software, announced on Wednesday at its Connect developer event in New York City that it has joined the Linux Foundation alongside other esteemed Platinum Members such as Samsung, Cisco, IBM and Intel, just to name a few. It’s a development that would have been unfathomable a decade ago under the old regime but Microsoft’s way of doing things has changed entirely under the leadership of CEO Satya Nadella. As TechCrunch highlights, today’s Microsoft is one of the biggest open source contributors around. Over the last few years, for example, the Redmond-based company has made PowerShell open source and brought it to Linux, expanded SQL Server to run on Linux and open-sourced the engine behind its Edge browser and brought it to Linux. Microsoft and Linux were bitter enemies for many years – so much so that Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin believes there will be some skepticism around the move, adding that there is a natural anti-establishment sentiment in open source. Zemlin notes that Microsoft has been “walking this talk” for a long time now, essentially meaning that Microsoft’s decision to join isn’t trivial or just for show. In related Microsoft news, the company has launched the first preview of Visual Studio for Mac and a nearly-final version of Visual Studio 2017 for Windows. Microsoft officials tell ZDNet that the final / general availability version of Visual Studio 2017 should be ready by early 2017. Related Reads Microsoft slants Visual Studio 2015 for July 20 release, zeroes in on mobile developers Visual Studio 2015 and .NET 4.6 out now, bearing cross-platform dev tools Microsoft makes PowerShell open source, brings it to Linux and Mac OS X 5 comments 161 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… Win 10 Creators Update bringing smaller update downloads Microsoft stops sales of Windows 7 and 8.1 OEM licenses Surface Studio AIO debuts, updated Surface Book, Windows 10 'Creators update' Popular 38 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks 11 comments Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 9 Windows 10 update, eveyrthing's broken 82 Microsoft stops sales of Windows 7 and 8.1 OEM licenses 14 Time to Let Go? 49 Windows 7 -- flashing windows, closing menus 37 Microsoft reveals 400 million machines are now running Windows 10, new Edge security feature Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · election · election2016 · Community · HillaryClinton · Racism · Democrats · Clinton · 2016 · Elections · Republicans · 2016Election · ElectoralCollege · bannon · Politics · stevebannon · BernieSanders · Media · Environment · hillary · JeffSessions · Resistance · Protest · Fascism · Medicare · Culture · rescued · Sanders · BarackObama Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: End the Electoral College Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes.But according... Sign if you agree: Stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline During the Labor Day weekend, when many people are celebrating and preparing for the upcoming school-year, Dakota Access, a... Sign if you agree: Stephen Bannon's bigotry has no place in the White House Donald Trump has announced that Steve Bannon—former head of the online racist platform Breitbart—will be a senior adviser in... See All 10 Campaigns » Front Page Queue Stream Members Following Profile Open thread for night owls. Andy Grove: 'Only the paranoid survive.' Time to encrypt By Meteor Blades   Wednesday Nov 16, 2016 · 8:00 PM PST 2016/11/16 · 20:00 142 Comments Share this article 78 78 78 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS OpenThreadforNightOwls Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 142 Comments Share this article 78 78 78 Feeling digitally insecure? Quincy Larson at FreeCodeCamp explains How to encrypt your entire life in less than an hour: Andy Grove was a Hungarian refugee who escaped communism, studied engineering, and ultimately led the personal computer revolution as the CEO of Intel. He died earlier this year in Silicon Valley after a long fight with Parkinson’s disease. When one of the most powerful people in the world encourages us to be paranoid, maybe we should listen. And Grove isn’t the only powerful person urging caution. Even the director of the FBI — the same official who recently paid hackers a million dollars to unlock a shooter’s iPhone — is encouraging everyone to cover their webcams. But you obey the law. What do you have to worry about? As the motto of the United Kingdom’s surveillance program reminds us, “If you’ve got nothing to hide, you’ve got nothing to fear.” Well, law-abiding citizens do have reason to fear. They do have reasons to secure their devices, their files, and their communications with loved ones. In this article, I will show you how you can protect yourself by leveraging state-of-the-art encryption. In a single sitting, you can make great strides toward securing your privacy. [...] Here is an on-going list of Resistance events HIGH IMPACT STORIES • TOP COMMENTS TWEET OF THE DAY x It's the 132nd anniversary of the Berlin Conference, where 14 nations divided up Africa. Don't hide that continent, divide that continent. pic.twitter.com/sVVLrk4dAvÃ¢ÂÂ Kwesi (@BellicoseGarvey) November 15, 2016  BLAST FROM THE PAST At Daily Kos on this date in 2003—The battle for the soul of the Democratic Party: Divisions over ideology can be easily accepted in our party. We do have a big tent, and policy divisions are a reality we can learn to live with. Indeed, we have to live with them. Electoral realities mean that Democrats in the south have to be more moderate or conservative than those in the West Coast or in new England. But the hatred the establishment feels against Dean has nothing to do with ideology. Dean hasn't paid his dues with the establishment. Dean campaign manager Joe Trippi has made his name working the campaigns of insurgent (hence anti-establishment) candidates like Jerry Brown. He is not part of the chummy inside-DC club of Democratic Party consultants. If Dean wins the nominnation, he becomes the head of the Democratic Party. He gets to replace McAuliffe and fill the top ranks at the DNC. Suddenly, a "DNC Chairman Joe Trippi" is a real possibility, and for an establishment that has spent the better half of the last decade laughing at Trippi's antics and dismissing him as a kook are suddenly standing on shaky ground. I always knew about the "establishment" distaste for Dean and Trippi, but Lizza's piece puts the blame squarely on the Clinton crew. As the party's split into Deaniacs and anti-Dean Clintonites unfolds, one of the most intriguing subplots concerns the machinations of Gore. Immediately after the Florida recount was decided in 2000, Gore's senior aides were purged from the DNC and Clinton's were installed. Some ex-Gore staffers are still bitter about the coup, and several express admiration for what Dean is doing. And Gore himself seems to be modeling his resurgence on the Dean phenomenon  On today’s Kagro in the Morning show: Greg Dworkin and Joan McCarter discuss today’s news. Transition in disarray! Coal miners rewarded with possible Sago mine owner cabinet pick. 25th Amendment fever! Bannon secretly paid by a Super PAC? Medicare under attack. Filibuster’s fate? x Embedded Content  YouTube | iTunes | LibSyn | Support the show via Patreon 142 Comments Share this article 78 78 78 142 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
null
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Clear70° FULL FORECASTClear70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Pulse 911 calls: 'I'm shot!' Then silence US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News U.S. launches next-generation weather satellite that will revolutionize forecasting (w/ video) Pinellas Park police investigating suspected homicide of man found near trash bin More than 100 dead after train derails in India (w/video) The story behind that viral video of a man yelling 'Trump!' at a Florida Starbucks UF professor wins National Book Award News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana Nation 'Hamilton' member gives Pence earful; Trump: "Apologize!" Top News Miami-Dade state lawmakers hope to make big moves Shifting U.S. policy to right, Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA Challenge shaping up for Hillsborough GOP chairwoman Seminole council race between Quinn, Christy still up in air Freshly elected Dunedin officials outline goals for the upcoming term Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Live! Bucs-Chiefs game day blog Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News USF beats SMU, ties season record for wins Here's how NHL determines which hits earn suspensions Bucs' Brate excels on field, needs work on garbage time Goal-line stand clinches SEC East for Florida Dalvin Cook now Florida State's all-time leading rusher Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Plan your weekend: Sanding Ovations sculptors, Shopapalooza, Chillounge Night, Bobby Bones Top News Five ideas for pears: chips, crostini, soup and more From the food editor: Four not-so-traditional dessert ideas for Thanksgiving dinner Nine stuffing recipes for apples, squash and your Thanksgiving turkey Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Times recommends: Luis Viera for Tampa City Council Editorial: Ambitious plans for H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center Editorial: Florida schools need more money for repairs Editorial: Beckner's legacy of good works tarnished by his attack ads Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News UF professor wins National Book Award When it comes to the national anthem, allegiance runs deep Dress that Marilyn Monroe wore while singing Happy Birthday to President Kennedy sells for $4.8 million Welcome to McDonald's! May I take your order ... and bring it to your table? Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Lighted drones dazzle the night sky over Disney in new holiday show (w/video) Sharon Kennedy Wynne, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles SHARON KENNEDY WYNNETampa Bay Times Thursday, November 17, 2016 9:05am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged ORLANDO — Three hundred drones took to the skies of Walt Disney World's shopping district on Wednesday in what organizers said was the first show-drone performance of this scale in the United States. Related News/Archive Theme park news: Disney adds 'after hours' ticket, Busch Gardens Cobra's Curse track completed, Night of Joy lineup 8 Months Ago 27 new things at Walt Disney World this summer 6 Months Ago New 'Frozen' boat ride to open in June at Disney's Epcot 7 Months Ago The theme park debuted "Starbright Holidays," a choreographed nighttime lit drone performance for members of the news media. Soon — though Disney hasn't set a date yet — the shows will debut to the public and run nightly through the holidays. Disney World secured permission from the Federal Aviation Administration earlier this month to use drones on its properties. The Mouse House wasted no time in showing off its drone skills. The brightly lit drones flew in formation over a restricted area of the park, in view of Disney Springs, the shopping and entertainment zone formerly known as Downtown Disney. Technology giant Intel said it was the first public performance in the United States of 300 of the company's Shooting Star drones, used in a choreographed aerial performance set to holiday music. The drones dance in formation, creating what appears to be a floating, rotating Christmas tree. A lone licensed drone pilot used a computer to control the drones, which Disney called "Flixels" in its FAA application. Since access to Disney Springs is free, guests won't need a theme park ticket to see the show. The shopping area with free parking and celebrity chef restaurants has doubled in size since its renovation over the past three years. There is now a faux bubbling spring modeled on the freshwater springs found in Old Florida backwater towns. But this one is next to dozens of new designer stores and restaurants. Using the sky as the stage for an aerial ballet, the "Starbright Holidays" show ultimately will run nightly through Jan. 8. The drones have plastic foam bodies and weigh about 10 ounces, about the same as an ultralight running shoe. There should be no fear over drones falling out of the sky in the busy theme park, said professor Matt Waite, who founded the Drone Journalism Lab at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln. "They are going to be flying them over the water and they will almost certainly have some kind of geo-fence built into the software," Waite said, describing it as similar to an invisible dog fence that won't let the drones operate beyond a certain point. And even in the unlikely event a 10-ounce drone falls 150 feet from the sky, "It may not feel great," Waite said, "but it's not going to injure you very much." Now that its multiyear makeover is complete, Disney Springs is unwrapping its first full-on holiday lineup of festivities. There will be live entertainment nightly in each of the "neighborhoods" that grew up around the fictional springs. The architecture is inspired by the look of towns such as Coral Gables and St. Augustine. Some of the holiday attractions include: • Stitch's Holiday Gift scavenger hunt in search of a unique Stitch icon at each participating location. • The Festival of Toys with a nightly tree-lighting ceremony, holiday dance party and pin trading. • Christmas Tree Trail, a selfie-ready walk among 15 custom decorated holiday trees, each dedicated to a popular Disney theme. Custom music and a light snowfall completes the Christmas scene. Contact Sharon Kennedy Wynne at swynne@tampabay.com. Follow @SharonKWn. Previous Next Previous Next Lighted drones dazzle the night sky over Disney in new holiday show (w/video) 11/17/16 [Last modified: Thursday, November 17, 2016 10:37am] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Golf Sports Video Olympics More Sports Photos Home» Sports» Basketball The signing of Kevin Durant to Golden State created a four-man dynamic that had never previously existed in the NBA – Steph Curry (center) is John; Durant (L) is Paul; Klay Thompson (R) is George; and below-the-belt puncher Draymond Green (not pictured) is Ringo, writes Cathal Kelly. (David Zalubowski/AP) The signing of Kevin Durant to Golden State created a four-man dynamic that had never previously existed in the NBA – Steph Curry (center) is John; Durant (L) is Paul; Klay Thompson (R) is George; and below-the-belt puncher Draymond Green (not pictured) is Ringo, writes Cathal Kelly. (David Zalubowski/AP) CATHAL KELLY Kelly: Fab Four makes Golden State Warriors a super team for the ages Add to ... Cathal Kelly TORONTO — The Globe and Mail Published Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 7:20PM EST Last updated Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 7:24PM EST Comments Print / License AA The notion of the super team – one built for glamour as well as competitive advantage – probably started in Milan in the late ‘80s. Bunga bunga enthusiast Silvio Berlusconi bought the team on the cheap and began pumping oodles of money into it. His three key purchases were Dutch – Ruud Gullit, Marco van Basten and Frank Rijkaard. Each could argue at some point they were the world’s best player. They once went nearly two years without losing a league game. Like all legendary clubs, that iteration of Milan was renowned for its gnomic oddness. Coach Arrigo Sacchi attributed the group’s fluidity to the fact that they played full games in practice without using a ball. Sacchi would stand on the sidelines and scream out where the imaginary ball had ended up, forcing the players to read to each other rather than a random bounce. “The spirit guides the hand,” Sacchi liked to say, quoting Michelangelo. It was all very Italian. Milan changed the definition of what constituted the aspiration of a great team. It was no longer enough to win. Now you had to stockpile talent like firewood – one atop the other. You had to chase beauty as well as trophies. It’s a straight line from there to, say, Barcelona. On Wednesday, the Catalan giants announced a four-year, $315-million shirt deal with a Japanese company called Rakuten. I cannot for the life of me figure out what Rakuten does, but apparently they do a lot of it. Intel pays Barcelona $5-million a year to put the company name on the inside of their shirts. In order to see the logo, the players have to flip their jerseys over their heads – which is prohibited. That much celebrity concentrated in one place makes smart people do stupid things. A couple of years ago, you’d have said Barcelona was the most glamorous team of any sort in the world, but that shine has faded just a bit. They’re still every bit as good, but they haven’t changed any – same stars, same results, same story lines. Anything standing still in the world of sports begins to bore awfully quickly. Generally speaking, when one soccer team drifts away from this particular perch, it’s replaced by another. But all the others currently suffer from the Barcelona comparison problem – nobody can duplicate that club’s unique brand of élan. It can’t be purchased. Instead, it took 30 years to build. So, the most-obsessed-over super team cannot be European. If so, who qualifies? Whoever it is has to be peaking. Not at the peak, but headed there in short order. The team must be expensively – ludicrously expensively – assembled. It must be in flux. This can’t be a slow burn, but a sudden arrival. It needs several stars of similar quality and dissimilar temperament. Each man has to be his own person. This is the reason people like the Beatles better than the Stones. One was a collection of ill-fitted geniuses. The other was Keith Richards and four guys who wished they were Keith Richards. There must be some element of risk, a small likelihood that the whole thing could go completely sideways. It must be a global concern (i.e. no baseball/football/hockey team, no matter how impossibly cool, need apply). Lastly, and most importantly, it has to win in the end. On that basis, the most interesting team in the world visited Toronto on Wednesday evening. The Golden State Warriors aren’t a team so much as a thought experiment – how perfectly can basketball be played? When they were putting together various ‘best of all time’ streaks last season, they seemed to be getting to the root of it – just keep shooting. At its best, basketball is painfully elegant. What mars the balletic physicality is watching a guy pull up in the front of the hoop, assume his stance, launch a ball with geometric precision … and miss the rim by three feet. It kills the illusion. Golden State would play entire games and never seem to miss. A whole season was spent waiting to put the laurel wreath on their heads. Then over the course of three bad nights in June it all came apart. Counterintuitively, we are most in love with great teams who fail at first. There has to be some sense of overcoming not just others, but themselves. It’s a staple of mythology – the interior battle. In losing, Golden State gave itself a chance for much bigger wins. When they signed Kevin Durant, expectations grew exponentially. It created a four-man dynamic that had never previously existed in the NBA – Steph Curry is John; Durant is Paul; Klay Thompson is George; and below-the-belt puncher Draymond Green is Ringo. This team is so stacked, they even have a Yoko (social-media oversharer Ayesha Curry). They managed it because of a salary quirk that saw Curry signed to what might be the most team-friendly free-agent contract in history. He’s arguably the best player in the game, but he’s only the fourth-best paid on his own club. Ahead of the season, people seriously debated whether the new Warriors could win all 82 games. So of course, they’ve looked choppy to begin with. The seamlessness of last year’s group has given way to a ragged strength. At least thus far, they’re a collection of massively talented individuals, rather than a team. Maybe what they need is some invisible-ball training. What makes the story so compelling is that there are only two possible endings – a historic success or an even more historic failure. If this team can’t win, the concept of the super team (at least, the NBA version) is in jeopardy. Everyone involved is either going to look like a genius or a fool. That’s the key frisson in art, that sport so rarely reaches. It reminds you that we don’t just want our athletes to be superhuman. Occasionally, when everything breaks just right, we’d like them to be godlike. Report Typo/Error Follow Cathal Kelly on Twitter: @cathalkelly Also on The Globe and Mail President Obama hosts 2016 NBA champion Cleveland Cavaliers (Reuters)   More Related to this Story Raptors’ back-to-back games to pit LeBron, Curry against DeRozan Kevin Durant scores 39 in first game against old Oklahoma City team NBA poised for season unlike any it has ever had Topics Stephen Curry (BasketballPlayer) Golden State Warriors National Basketball Association Comments Print / License AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know BABAD'S WEEKEND The loonie's disappearing act TRAVEL The Globe Skiing Travel Guide: From our own backyard to ... Slovenia? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life My husband refuses to quit smoking. How can I pressure him to stop? Life What motivates someone to become a forensic pediatric pathologist? The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Justin Trudeau attends 'incredibly beautiful, lavish' state dinner News Jon Stewart says Donald Trump a 'repudiation of Republicans' News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party Sports Runner hit by deer during race Arts Video: Hear O Canada sung in a range of languages with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra Life Take sauerkraut and sausage to the next level News 'Hamilton' cast delivers message to VP Pence Life Globe Style shows you how to wear knits this fall Life Watch this: Florida boy saves his baby brother from nasty fall Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Report on Business The revival of Keystone XL is not vital: Auspice Capital CEO Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Theme park creator undertakes its most thrilling design yet – its own headquarters Sports How Sean Foley can be your own personal golf coach for a year More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Nov. 19: Insanity? Opportunity – letters to the ROB editor Arts When Hamilton actor appealed to Mike Pence, theatre showed its strength Most popular Premier Kathleen Wynne promises to win back Ontarians’ trust, calls high electricity prices her ‘mistake’ How a B.C. couple’s struggle with addiction ended in deadly fentanyl overdoses Nov. 20: Your lookahead horoscope When Hamilton actor appealed to Mike Pence, theatre showed its strength Pence says he’s not offended by comments to him at ‘Hamilton’ show X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 16 GOOG: 764.48 5.99 Review: Acer’s Chromebook R13 w/ apps is a temptingly nice 13-inch 1080P convertible Seth Weintraub - 4 days ago @llsethj Android Chrome/OS Chromebook Acer R13 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit I was as pleasantly shocked as many people at Google I/O earlier this year when the company announced that Chromebooks would begin to offer Android apps via software update. In my mind, this is a real game changer, bringing Chrome OS into the mainstream desktop OS market with macOS and Windows. The future became now as earlier this month, the already impressive Acer R13 Dev channel got the Google Play store. But let me back up a second. First you really need to hear about the hardware specs of the Acer Chromebook R13 which make it seem almost like a Pixel-type of device, if not better… Acer’s not typically known in the Chrome OS world as delivering the high-end goodies on their Chromebooks. In fact, when people ask me what’s the lowest price on any usable laptop, I often point them to the refurbished Acer Store on Amazon and eBay to pick up a 12-inch plastic Chromebook with a 720P display and 2GB of RAM for $100-200. These are usually very utilitarian machines with basic specs great for part time use by kids or grandparents or as a second screen. The R13 is in another world. It is a very premium glass and aluminum/metal (with some plastic) laptop that looks and feels a lot like more like a $1000 laptop than its $400 price tag. The rundown of specs: Display/Camera Acer’s Chromebook R13 is a few leaps above this class of product, though it still runs Chrome OS. It has a glossy 1080P display at 13-inches. It has quite a bit of bezel on the bottom ‘chin’ which I’m not thrilled about but it is hard to knock the display itself. It is bright, has 170 degree viewing and is great for reading over long periods of time. It is even better for watching HD videos. If anything, the colors are a little washed out but nothing catastrophic. This is of course a touch-enabled display and I found it to be fairly accurate on 10 point touches, using the on-screen keyboard and arrows is quite easy and clicking the small window options on Chrome were surprisingly reliable. The Chromebook R13 is equipped with Acer’s patented 360-degree dual-torque hinges that allow the display to be folded back to any degree that the situation requires. The dual-torque hinges also stabilize the display when touchscreen controls are being used and while switching between four modes: Laptop mode keeps the display at 90-degrees from the keyboard for an efficient and productive input and typing experience. Display mode bends the keyboard under the system so the display is closer to the viewer. When the Chromebook R 13 is put in this position, the on-screen image auto-rotates to the correct viewing orientation. Tent mode provides an ideal viewing and touch experience in confined spaces such as when traveling on a plane or train. Pad mode allows the Chromebook to be used as a tablet with the display and keyboard touching, so customers can have an enjoyable way to play, share and browse in both landscape and portrait orientations. The 720P camera is surprisingly good for hangouts and people I typically conference with on my MacBook Pro couldn’t tell the difference. That said, there is lots of room for improvement color reproduction-wise. I’m not sure if I should blame the screen or the camera here…first word problems. Keyboard/Trackpad The R13’s keyboard is very similar to the MacBook Air’s: Black, non-backlit keys with typical motion make typing blindingly easy coming from Apple’s camp. If you are coming over from a MacBook, just switch the Alt and CTRL keys in settings and of course reverse the trackpad. Speaking of trackpad, Acer went a little bit small here, and I get why: there is a huge trackpad overlaid on the screen that you are going to be using a lot of the time. But for everyday laptop typing, this is certainly usable and I have to say as a group, Chromebooks have been getting closer and closer to the high bar set by Apple here. The one better Chromebook trackpad I’ve tried is Google’s own Pixel and I’d say this one is pretty close on accuracy and feel. Ports Acer took a very unadvised example from Apple’s Retina MacBook here and only included 1 USB-C port which doubles as its charging port. Don’t get me wrong, I love USB C and it is quickly becoming the defacto charging port in my sea of gadgets, but I’d like to have a few of these, like on Apple’s new MacBook Pros. Luckily, Acer also built in some ports for the “here and now” which will mostly set you free from using dongles. There’s a USB3-A port on both sides as well as an HDMI out, which does 4K at 30MHz impressively. Obviously 60Hz is would have been preferable but we’re talking about a $400 laptop here. There’s also a volume rocker (tablet, remember?) that looks like a full sized SD Card slot for the uninitiated and some LED indicators for power and Bluetooth. The R13 has 2×2 MIMO 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0 so wireless is speedy. You also get a microSD card slot which is great for offloading images (but would have preferred full sized SD slot) and video and of course a headphone/mic jack. Two very good speakers are also on the sides. Remember this is a convertible so putting speakers on the top or bottom would only serve one of the tablet/laptop form factors. 4GB of RAM, 32GB SSD and…MediaTek ARM processor? I know exactly what a lot of you are thinking right now because I was also thinking “why put a garbage ARM CPU in an otherwise premium Chromebook”. Both 4GB of RAM and 32GB SSDs (16GB and 64GB will also be options) are pretty much the sweet spot although as folks get bigger appetites for apps, vendors might want to make the leap to higher capacities. That microSD card slot comes in handy here. But back to that CPU. The fanless quad-core MediaTek M8173C processor powers this thing and I have to be honest with you here, it is a lot faster than I ever thought it would be save for the random Flash Website or other anomaly. For the CPU spec junkies, it is a powerful dual-core ARM Cortex-A72 running at 2.1GHz w/an energy-efficient dual-core ARM Cortex A53 running at 1.7GHz. A Neon multimedia processing engine with SIMD (v2) and VFP (v4) ISA support is also included, on chip. Add an Imagination PowerVR GX6250 GPU. All that means that this runs with Intel Celeron processors which is respectable for Chromebooks and save for the Intel Core i series chips found in Pixels and high-end Lenovos and Dells, you aren’t going to find much better. With the 4GB of RAM, you can open up about 10-15 different tabs before things start to go into caching mode. That of course changes as you start to open more and more native Android apps. Javascript/browser benchmarks show this to be near the top of all Chromebooks in speed. On Google’s Octane, this is my first Chromebook over 10K while JetStream showed 54,488 (above) Size/Battery With the $400 price tag in mind, I’m not going to ding Acer for not going as hard core at the bezels as Apple has done in its latest MacBook Pro refresh. That said, this computer could be an inch less on both height and width without changing the screen size and keyboard layout. If you are buying a sleeve or case, you might want to err on the side of a 14-inch laptop. That said, its dimensions (L x W x H) at 8.98 x 12.83 x 0.61 inches, are respectable. The 3-cell Li-polymer (4670 mAh) battery won’t power it for the stated 12 hours unless you go really lightly on it. Expect more like 8-10 hours which is all day computing in my book.  Experience I’ll be honest, this is my first experience with a convertible Chromebook. Without apps, using Chromebooks as a tablet never made sense. With apps? Let’s just say it makes a lot more sense. When folded 360 degrees, this is a monster 13.3 inch tablet. The touchpad and keyboard become dead so errant taps don’t affect the experience. That’s great and it pretty much acts like an Android tablet with a little bit extra on the Chrome side. Apps like Twitter and Facebook rotate and behave how you’d expect. Most of the apps I use day to day are here. You can use Uber on a Chromebook for the first time for instance. Media apps like Hulu, YouTube and Netflix work well. Google’s apps for the most part all make sense as well. But this thing is super heavy and that mega-bezel where the Acer logo is makes this a not fantastic tablet experience. I’ve used it the R13 a number of times in the car or in bed but I’d much prefer an iPad Pro or Pixel C. The hinge is also plastic and, while strong, is slightly bendy giving the whole device a bit of flimsiness. While apps make a lot of sense for tablets, the Chrome windows with their tiny UI elements are a little harder to deal with. It would be cool if that when you went into tablet mode, those things grew finger touch size targets. What is cool is that when I’m browsing the web while watching tv or in bed, and I see something I need to type I can fold the keyboard out and boom, I’m in laptop mode ready to fire off a message or update a post. ‘Display Mode’ and ‘Tent Mode’ are great for watching videos and some light tablet work. The hinge here is very good stiffness and the aluminum body is strong. Wrap up As I said previously, strictly as a laptop, the Chromebook R13 is worth the $400 price of admission and then some. Keyboard Mouse/display are top notch in the Chromebook world and the processor/ram/storage are all you can ask for. We’re talking top of the heap, only a step below the Google Pixel here. As a tablet, however it doesn’t compete with purpose built tablets like iPad Pro, Samsung or Pixel C very well. It is heavy, has a huge useless bezel and a flimsy-feeling hinge. That said the software, even in beta performs and it is really a huge bonus for a laptop to be able to turn into a tablet at a whim and then a second later turn back into a laptop. While I can wholeheartedly recommend the Acer R13 for $400 this holiday season, I can’t help but think that with Android apps improvement and even more refinement on the hardware side, the winner is the Android/Chromebook platform. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Chrome/OS View THe Guide Chromebook View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper COLUMNS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper COLUMNS Daily Sabah Close Like him or not, General Flynn is not Turkey's lobbyist RAGIP SOYLU @ragipsoylu Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE The pro-Turkish tone Mike Flynn uses in his article does not necessarily mean Ankara will encourage or fund such an anti-Islamist stance Articles COLUMNS Will Trump review Gülen case and the partnership with YPG?    COLUMNS Tim Kaine congratulates Gülenists in a letter    COLUMNS Why Donald Trump has already won    America has elected Donald Trump as its 45th president, but for many, that's not the story. For some, the article published on the Hill by Trump's top advisor, retired Gen. Mike Flynn, on election day was the real scandal. People still keep asking, is Gen. Flynn a lobbyist for the Turkish government? I wish he were. I'm not just saying that because I like what he said about Fetullah Gülen, the Pennsylvania-based cult leader, or the People›s Protection Units (YPG), the PKK's Syrian arm, but because he is the vice chairman of Trump's transition team and such a strong pro-Turkish force would be beneficial for both sides. However, the stories published by the Daily Caller and Politico claiming he was hired by a Turkish government-tied company are not entirely true. There are two basic problems with this suggestion. First, the media treats the company that hired the Flynn Intel Group as a pro-Turkish government entity. Secondly, people believe the Turkish government encouraged or funded such an anti-Islamist article. Ekim Alptekin, the chairman of the Turkish-American Business Council (TAİK) who hired Flynn through his Dutch company Inovo BV in the Netherlands, is hardly a Justice and Development Party (AK Party) supporter. In contrast to the reporting about him, last year he ran a campaign within TAİK for the chairmanship, and he won the position in the elections. The Turkish government didn't assign him. TAİK's former chairmen were mostly secularists who had combative relations with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Currently, the majority of TAİK's members are not government lovers either. Alptekin naturally has become a member of the Foreign Economic Relations Board (DEİK), over which the Turkish government has partial control because TAİK, like any other bilateral business council, operates under the auspices of DEİK. My understanding is that his efforts to enhance Turkish-American trade by working with both governments, as any other businessmen in the world would do, don't tie him to the Turkish state. The Daily Caller said his company Inovo BV is an obscure company, which he vehemently denies. «My company has been operating since 2005, and I have no business partnership or relationship with the Turkish government," Alptekin said in a statement. He also says he is known for his special interest in lobbying in the U.S. Congress since he has worked there for a while. Alptekin has not won even a single Turkish government contract. Another thing proving that this article was not funded by the Turkish government is the content. Some people were quick to claim, «The article was pretty much written by Tayyip Erdoğan.» Seriously? Flynn claims in his article that the legendary Egyptian Islamist ideologue Seyed Qutub and Hasan al-Bana, founder of the Muslim Brotherhood, provided the inspiration for terrorist groups, such as al-Qaida. Flynn also said, "To professionals in the intelligence community, the stamp of terror is all over Mullah Gülen's statements in the tradition of Qutub and al-Bana." Obviously, these are the sorts of charges any Turkish official or President Erdoğan would oppose. Erdoğan personally praised Qutub and his brother in 2014 in a televised speech. He also may be the only European leader who vehemently condemned the Egyptian coup against Muslim Brotherhood member and Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi in 2013. The story is much simpler than it has been presented. Alptekin, a businessman who has interests in Turkish-American trade and bilateral relations, hired a firm that has ties with the Trump campaign to lobby for its private interests, nothing more. Everyone knows that you can't change a former senior American commander's opinions by hiring his firm with a $100,000 contract. But as I said at the beginning, Turkey is still the sexiest story in town. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
  Guru3D.com Forums > General > Game Tweaks and Modifications reducing resolution in Bioshock Infinite User Name Remember Me? Password Game Tweaks and Modifications This forum is dedicated to game modifications and tweaks. Here you can discuss performance and image quality modifications.   Thread Tools Display Modes reducing resolution in Bioshock Infinite   (#1) nexxus86 Newbie   Videocard: GTX 980 TI Processor: i7-3770k Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: BeQuiet 630W reducing resolution in Bioshock Infinite - 11-16-2016, 18:53 | posts: 6 I got the GPD Win Handheld and I'm trying to get a satisfying framerate in Bioshock Infinite on this thing. With everything on low the game is kind of playable but the framerate drops way below 20fps in more graphic intense situations which makes it unplayable. in the game itself I can not get the resolution below 1280x720 (which is the devices native resolution). In the Intel Control Panel I set up a custom resolution of 1024x576 and 800x450. They work in other games such as Crysis, but not Bioshock infinite. I also tried modifiying the inis by putting the resolution in, ResolutionX=1024 ResolutionY=576 or startup parameters like -xres=1024 -yres=576 but the game always jumps back to 1280x720 when starting up. I tried HiAlgo Switch, I hear the beep but there is no activation dialog. I'm guessing it is because the game is DX10/DX11 ? I have no idea if its possible to switch the Engine to DX9. Anyone got any ideas?     nexxus86 View Public Profile Find all posts by nexxus86   « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Environment November 16, 2016 2:55 pm Updated: November 16, 2016 2:57 pm Donald Trump must support Paris Agreement: Fortune 500 companies By Staff The Canadian Press ; An artwork titled 'One Heart One Tree' is displayed on the Eiffel Tower ahead of the 2015 Paris Climate Conference in this Nov. 29, 2015 file photo. AP Photo/Thibault Camus, FILE What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Over 300 U.S. businesses have signed a statement calling on President-elect Donald Trump to support the Paris Agreement on climate change – including General Mills, eBay, Intel, Unilever, and dozens of other Fortune 500 companies. WATCH: US climate envoy says world won’t abandon Paris Accords even if President Trump wanted to Their statement reads “implementing the Paris Agreement will enable and encourage businesses and investors to turn the billions of dollars in existing low-carbon investments into the trillions of dollars the world needs to bring clean energy and prosperity to all.” READ MORE: Donald Trump looking for a way out of Paris Agreement: report The statement is addressed to Trump, President Barack Obama and members of Congress. It calls on elected U.S. officials to maintain the country’s policy and financial commitments to lower carbon emissions. Lara Birkes, chief sustainability officer of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, says “the Paris Agreement was a vital step forward, but its power is in our collective action.” Related US would become ‘rogue country’ if Donald Trump pulled out of Paris climate agreement China slams Donald Trump for threatening to pull out of Paris climate agreement if elected © 2016 The Canadian Press Report an error Climate change agreement Paris Agreement Paris Agreement on climate change Paris agreement Trump Trump climate change Trump climate change denier Trump Paris Agreement USA climate change USA Paris climate change agreement Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump starts to feel pressure of presidency in 'SNL' cold open 63227 Sabra hummus products recalled across Canada, US for listeria concerns 33342 Tucson Roadrunners captain collapses on ice shortly before game against Manitoba Moose 28087 Moose found frozen in lake in the middle of a fight 11621 Legal pot in Canada could sell for $5 a gram — or less 10365 Sponsored content Popular Videos CNN’s Anderson Cooper malfunctions in ‘SNL’ ‘Westworld’ parody WATCH NOW Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW WATCH: Road rage incident caught on camera WATCH NOW 10-year-old saves mom after witnessing violent attack: ‘I saw his footsteps under the door’ WATCH NOW Vice President-elect heckled at ‘Hamilton’ show in New York City WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   On topic: Tech news to know now By Levi Sumagaysay / November 16, 2016 at 11:21 AM Here’s what’s going on in tech. Blame it on a gamer? The big internet attack last month appears to have targeted PlayStation Network, researchers say. Network service provider Dyn disputes the findings. (WSJ) Walgreens vs. Theranos: Lawsuit says 11.3 percent of of its blood test results given to customers were voided. (Vanity Fair) Google commits to new London headquarters that can hold up to 7,000 employees, 3,000 of them new. (Guardian) Intel Capital on Tuesday announced $250 million investment in autonomous driving. (Company announcement) ICYMI: Snapchat has reportedly filed for an IPO. (Reuters) Taiwan to ask for removal of Uber apps from Apple, Google app stores. (Reuters) Microsoft offers EU concessions over its $26 billion LinkedIn bid. (Reuters) IBM CEO Ginni Rometty wrote an open letter to Donald Trump, among other things urging him to help create “new collar” IT jobs. CEO of San Diego tech company PacketSled resigns after posting on Facebook a threat to shoot Donald Trump. (USA Today)   Photo: Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes in 2014. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr     More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now November 18, 2016   Twitter’s week of hate: White supremacists, fake ‘black accounts’ and more November 18, 2016   Off topic: Wild turkeys, loneliness, California state parks, toilet museum November 18, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Microsoft to tie executive bonuses to workforce diversity… Tech companies and people on pro- and anti-Donald Trump… Mark Zuckerberg shares Facebook’s plan to combat fake… Too many Asians in Silicon Valley? Trump’s alt-right…     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ Ultrabook Reviews ▸ Best Portable Ultrabook Ultrabooks Best Portable Ultrabook Chris Stobing November 16, 2016 Shares Light and powerful were paramount to our list of best portable ultrabooks. There are a lot of different specs and features that give ultrabooks the right to call themselves “ultra” over regular laptops, but perhaps one of the most unsung aspects is what brought you to our list of the best portable ultrabooks of 2017. When creating this list we considered both the power and battery life of the ultrabooks in the marketplace, but also wanted to make sure that the top picks were also some of the smallest and lightest possible so they’re ultra-easy on the arm to lug around. All the picks in this list are at most 3lbs or less, and don’t have screens larger than 13.3″ across. This ensures they won’t take up a large footprint on a desk, and also won’t weigh down a bookbag, briefcase, or backpack when you’re already hauling around extra gear and need to save all the weight you can. All these factors in mind, it’s pretty hard not to choose the HP Spectre x360 13 ($1,159) as our #1 pick. This model absolutely knocks it out of the park on every metric, including its versatile 2-in-1 hinge that lets you cut its overall dimensions in half if you feel like tucking the keyboard away underneath for ultimate portability on the fly. Best Portable Ultrabook   HP Spectre x360 13 Dell XPS 13 Lenovo IdeaPad 710s Rank #1 - Editor's Choice/ Best Portable Ultrabook #2 Pick #3 Pick Amazon Rating N/A N/A Screen Size 13.3" 13.3" 13.3" CPU 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-7500U 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-7500U 2.3GHz Intel Core i5-6200U RAM 8GB LPDDR3 8GB LPDDR3 8 GB DDR3L Display 1920 x 1080 1920 x 1080 1920 x 1080 Graphics Intel HD Graphics 620 Intel HD Graphics 620 Intel HD Graphics 620 Battery Life Up to 10hrs Up to 10hrs Up to 8hrs Touchscreen Optional Storage 256GB PCIe SSD 256GB PCIe SSD 512GB PCIe SSD Dimensions 12.03 x 8.58 x 0.54 inches 11.98 x 0.33 x 7.88 inches 12.09 x 0.55 x 8.43 inches Weight 2.85 pounds 2.7 pounds 2.4 pounds Price $1159.99 $1349.99 $1037.60 Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now How We Choose the Best Portable Ultrabook As we mentioned in the previous section, although specs and power were important considerations in compiling our list of the most portable ultrabooks on the market, first and foremost we were looking for anything that shaved down a little weight and size on the edges. Luckily, those two sides of the coin don’t have to be mutually exclusive these days. Thanks to Intel’s latest 7th-generation Core i CPUs, all the ultrabooks on this list can pack in smaller batteries (less weight) and fewer fans (less bulk) thanks to the ultra-efficient, ultra-cool Kaby Lake CPUs. Read More: What Is an Ultrabook? Another main feature that helps to save on space without sacrificing any power is the aforementioned 2-in-1 style, which takes any full-sized ultrabook and cuts everything in half. That way if you’re either working with limited desk space or just need something that you can literally take with you on the go (much like a tablet), convertible ultrabooks make it simple with a flip of the keyboard to the back. Not all the picks we have listed her employ the hinge, but it’s still something you should keep an eye on if portability is your main priority. Why You Should Buy a New Portable Ultrabook Likely one of the best candidates for a new portable ultrabook are students. With individual textbooks that can often weigh 15lbs or more on their own, having an ultrabook that barely adds another ounce to that already-overbearing load of supplies can make it much easier for them to get around campus without having to visit the chiropractor in between every class. Plus, with the smaller overall footprint students will also be able to whip out their laptop and notebooks at the same time without crowding their fellow classmates in a lecture hall. Others who might benefit include engineers or IT staff who constantly need to be running between one department and the next around their building. The light hand feel, quick boot-from-sleep times, and ultra-fast SSDs will ensure that you can get in, out, and on to the next technical meltdown in a matter of minutes (instead of hours). This increases overall productivity and ensures you’re never stuck in one place for too long while you zip around the office! #1 Pick  HP Spectre x360 13/Editor’s Choice Best Portable Ultrabook HP was has been in a slump recently when it came to laptops, but now it’s clear they’re ready to get back on top Price: $1,159.99 | Features: 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-7500U CPU, 0.5″ thick, 2.87lbs WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Powerful and ultra-portable, the HP Spectre x360 shines.  At a mere 0.5″ thick, 2.85lb, and equipped with a 2-in-1 convertible hinge, it simply doesn’t get any more portable than the latest HP Spectre x360 13. Read More: Best 2-in-1 Ultrabook HP has truly changed the game for good with the release of the new Spectre x360 line, incorporating Apple-esque design with powerhouse specs like 512GB of SSD storage, 16GB of LPDDR3 SDRAM, and of course, the brand new Intel Core 2.7GHz i7-7500U CPU. With all those beefy specs it’s hard to believe this laptop weighs as little as it does and takes up barely any space, which is why we couldn’t help but name it the best portable ultrabook 2016! View on Best Buy #2 Pick Dell XPS 13 The Dell XPS 13 is a thing of beauty at only a mere 0.33″ thick from all sides Price: $1349.99  | Features: 2.7lbs, 13.3″ InfinityEdge display, 256GB PCIe SSD WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Dell XPS 13 continues to revolutionize ultrabook portability.  But maybe you’ve been burned by HP too many times in the past, and a Samsung ultrabook is more your thing? Well unfortunately we’re still waiting for Samsung to actually release their first line of ultrabooks equipped with Kaby Lake CPUs, but in the meantime the new Dell XPS 13 will have to do! Read More: Ultrabook vs. Laptop The XPS 13 is no slouch, obviously, and can stand toe-to-toe with Samsung any day of the week. Offering one of the most beautiful screens in the business thanks to its InfinityEdge display inside a case that would make even the top Samsung designers a little jealous, Dell continues to hone their flagship ultrabook that redefined the genre just a few short years ago. If you’re looking for a bit of extra style with your substance, the Dell XPS 13 is the best portable ultrabook to get. View on Dell #3 Pick  Lenovo IdeaPad 710S The Lenovo IdeaPad 710s isn’t as sexy as others on this list, but it’s still powerful and portable enough to go anywhere in the world Price: $1037.60  | Features: 15.6″ 1920 x 1080 display, 8GB DDR3L SDRAM, 2.3GHz Core i5-6200U CPU WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Lenovo IdeaPad 710S is a portable powerhouse that you can pack to go anywhere.  Last but not least we come to the king of portability, the company who basically invented the “ultraportable” laptop as we know it in the ThinkPad line: Lenovo. The Lenovo IdeaPad 710S may not be a part of the manufacturer’s quintessential lineup of ThinkPad devices, but that’s because this is the next evolution of laptop in nearly every way imaginable. The IdeaPad 710S impresses on the processing front with the help an Intel Core 2.7GHz i7-7500U CPU, but where it really shines is the addition of a 512GB PCIe SSD. For anyone who’s owned a PCIe SSD before, you know just how insanely fast they make everything from loading up a presentation to getting to your favorite photos and videos live. If you want a highly-customizable, endlessly tweakable monster of a machine that could just about fit in your pocket if it wanted to, look no further than the Lenovo Ideapad 710s. View on Amazon Most Important Features Weight Ultrabooks are made to be portable, light, and fast. This has been Intel’s vision for the brand from the beginning, and the weight of a device matters just as much to the company as anything else. None of the ultrabooks on this list weigh anything more than 3lbs, with the closest model being the touchscreen version of the XPS 13 at 2.9lbs out the door. Battery life Sometimes it can be hard when you’re caught in the limbo between wanting a portable ultrabook and one that will actually last a decently long time between charges. The more battery cells you pack into an ultrabook, the heavier it gets. Luckily thanks to Intel’s mandated specs, all the laptops listed here have a minimum battery life of at least 8 hours. 2-in-1/Convertible Design One of the biggest benefits to choosing a convertible ultrabook (or even a plain old laptop) over the clamshell-style competition is the ultimate sense of portability that comes along with it. Convertibles let you turn an ultrabook into an ultra-powerful tablet in an instant, meaning you can either use the screen in one hand while you draw with the other, or just type directly on the screen in case of extra-tight quarters. Dimensions Of course, this wouldn’t be a list of the best portable ultrabooks without addressing the core metric that makes them portable in the first place: their dimensions. Kaby Lake CPUs have made it easier than ever for manufacturers to make their newest ultrabooks ultra-slim, which is why none of the choices on this list are any thicker than 0.6″ top to bottom. Ultra-thin means ultraportable, and it also makes 2-in-1 usage much easier to keep in the hand without feeling uncomfortable over longer periods of time. Mistakes or Things to Avoid Don’t go ultra-portable unless you really need it: It’s tempting to have the slickest, slimmest, and smallest ultrabook of all your friends, but unless that’s your main priority, it’s probably better to check out one of our best value ultrabooks instead. When you’re not as concerned with portability you can squeeze a heck of a lot more power out, all at a lower cost than ultraportables demand upfront. Skimp on larger screens: Although it may be tempting to shoot for a 15″ screen on an ultrabook so you can really take advantage of all their extra power, all that extra display space will only weigh you down in the long run. Not only is the screen itself heavier with added materials, you also need to consider the fact that a larger screen means a larger footprint, which can hurt the whole “portable” goal quite a bit. What Else You Should Think About Now that you’ve read off our list for the best portable ultrabook picks of the year, are there any other things you should consider before making your final buy? Well, it never hurts to find out more about the product category you’re purchasing in, which is why I recommend checking out Ultrabooks vs Chromebooks to find out if there’s a Chromebook that could meet your portability needs at a fraction of the cost. Don’t forget to check out the Best Chromebooks of 2016 either, where only the slimmest and sleekest laptops made the cut. It’s not hard to see why the HP Spectre x360 13 made it to the top of our best portable ultrabook list, thanks not only to its stellar set of specs and drop-dead gorgeous display, but also an ultra-thin, ultra-light (and ultra-portable) profile to boot! Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Chris Stobing Chris Stobing is a writer and blogger from the heart of Silicon Valley. Raised around tech from birth, he's had an interest in PC hardware and networking technology for years, and has come to Gadget Review to contribute his knowledge on both. You can follow him on Twitter here. Sponsored Content Related Posts Best Value Ultrabook LG Reveals Z330 and Z430 Super Ultrabooks The Best Ultrabook Sale for Cyber Monday Ultrabook vs Laptop Samsung Notebook 9 Laptops Hit American Stores Dell XPS Ultrabook w/ QHD display only $700 (nearly half price), cheapest Yoga Tablet 8 & More Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,013 Fans 13,339 Subscribers 10,860 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2016 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2016 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2016 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2016 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2016 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2016 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2016: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2016 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2016 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2016 Blenders Best Blenders 2016 Microwaves Best Small Microwave Radar Detectors Best Police Radar Detector Ultrabook Reviews Top Laptop Reviews LG Reveals Z330 and Z430 Super Ultrabooks Samsung Series 9 13.3-inch Notebook Review Samsung Series 9 vs. Samsung Series 9 2nd Gen Ultrabook vs Laptop What is an Ultrabook? HP Envy Spectre XT Notebook PC Toshiba's U840W Ultrabook Sports a 21:9 Screen, Stares Macbook Air in the Display (video) ASUS TAICHI Ultrabook Rocks Two Displays (video) Dell XPS 13 Review Vizio Thin+Light Ultrabook Specs and Prices Announced (video) Lenovo‚Äôs IdeaPad U Series Ultrabooks Eat Coursework for Lunch (sponsored) HP ENVY Touchsmart Ultrabook 4 Review 7 Ultrabooks under $700 Sony VAIO T Series T14 and T15 Ultrabook Specs and Pricing Samsung Announces 1080p Series 9 Premium Ultrabook Pricing and Availability Taiwan's Inhon Unveils Blade13 Carbon World's Thinnest Laptop Samsung Announces New Line of ATIV Touch Screen Laptops Pricing & Availability Samsung ATIV Book 5 Ultrabook Review The Best Ultrabook Sale for Cyber Monday Sponsored Video: See Why Dell's New Ultrabooks Are Like a Monster Truck (video) Dell XPS Ultrabook w/ QHD display only $700 (nearly half price), cheapest Yoga Tablet 8 & More Get A Dell 2-in-1 1440p Touchscreen Ultrabook for only $500?!? Best Ultrabooks 2015 Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska IBM's The Weather Company adding 400 jobs and relocating its headquarters within Atlanta World's largest private weather enterprise reaffirms commitment to Atlanta and continued growth News provided by The Weather Company Nov 16, 2016, 13:19 ET Share this article ATLANTA, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gov. Nathan Deal and The Weather Company, an IBM (NYSE: IBM) Business, today announced the company, which delivers up to  to 40 billion forecasts daily, will relocate its headquarters within Atlanta and is hiring an additional 400 people as it prepares to grow its services that already provide accurate, personalized and actionable weather data and insights to millions of consumers and thousands of businesses around the world. "The Weather Company has made significant contributions in Georgia for more than three decades," Governor Deal said. "The company's decision to expand its workforce in the metro  Atlanta area is a reflection of our state's ability to retain dynamic companies with our business-friendly environment and highly skilled workforce. We look forward to our ongoing relationship with The Weather Company and its continued success in Georgia." Atlanta headquarters of The Weather Company, an IBM Business, will move to Perimeter Summit and add 400 jobs. The Weather Company, which was acquired by IBM in January, helps some of the world's biggest brands in aviation, energy, insurance and media as well as government anticipate and respond to weather's impact on their operations. It connects newscasters, airline pilots, energy traders, insurance executives, state agency employees, retail management and more to the weather intel they need. "The combination of technology and expertise from The Weather Company and IBM is progressing well as we create additional value for the clients of both companies," said Cameron Clayton, CEO and General Manager, The Weather Company. "The additional hiring and the move to a new headquarters are indicative of the support and investment that IBM is providing to attract and retain the best and brightest as we build this amazing business." Relocation of The Weather Company's headquarters to Perimeter Summit at 1001 Perimeter Summit Boulevard is expected to begin in late spring of next year. Jobs being added include positions in software and product development, engineering, technology and marketing, among others. The Weather Company provides weather data and insights via Weather's API, its business solutions division, and its own digital products from The Weather Channel (weather.com) and Weather Underground (wunderground.com). Earlier this year, The Weather Company announced plans to advance the precision and accuracy of weather forecasting by combining hyper-local, short-term custom forecasts developed by IBM Research with The Weather Company's global forecast model. The powerful combination of the two models is called Deep Thunder, which also uses historical weather data to train machine learning models to help businesses predict the actual impact of weather. Every day, The Weather Company's sophisticated models analyze data for worldwide locations using more than 100 terabytes of third-party data daily and Weather Underground's network of more than 200,000 personal weather stations. Combining that enormous volume and variety of data with advances in atmospheric and computational sciences enables The Weather Company to produce one of the most reliable global forecasts available today. As it announced the acquisition of The Weather Company in January, IBM said it will use The Weather Company's technology and expertise to serve as the foundation for the Watson Internet of Things Cloud platform, building on a $3 billion commitment IBM made in 2015 to invest in the Internet of Things. The acquisition extended the scale and capability of IBM's cloud data services platform and expanded The Weather Company's enterprise services capabilities and consumer reach to a global scale, including plans to bring weather.com to new major markets such as China and India. The Weather Company worked closely with the Georgia Department of Economic Development (GDECD), the Metro Atlanta Chamber and Georgia Power in the selection of its new headquarters location. "We are excited that The Weather Company, a leader in the technology industry, is expanding their operations here," said GDEcD Commissioner Pat Wilson. "We thank The Weather Company for their growth and confidence in the Atlanta area, and look forward to supporting them as they continue to provide weather data to millions of consumers and thousands of businesses around the world." The Weather Company, an IBM Business The Weather Company, an IBM Business, is the world's largest private weather enterprise, helping people make informed decisions -- and take action -- in the face of weather. The company offers the most accurate, personalized and actionable weather data and insight to millions of consumers, as well as thousands of marketers and businesses via Weather's API, its business solutions division, and its own digital products from The Weather Channel (weather.com) and Weather Underground (wunderground.com). For more, visit the weathercompany.com. Photo -  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161116/440242 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150331/195533LOGO    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ibms-the-weather-company-adding-400-jobs-and-relocating-its-headquarters-within-atlanta-300364378.html SOURCE The Weather Company Related Links http://www.theweathercompany.com Apr 25, 1997, 01:00 ET Preview: The Weather Company Donates WeatheRx Anti-Graffiti Shield To Philadelphia Anti-Graffiti Network During Presidents' Summit My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: IBM's The Weather Company adding 400 jobs and relocating its headquarters within Atlanta News provided by The Weather Company Nov 16, 2016, 13:19 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com IBM’s The Weather Company adding 400 jobs and relocating its headquarters within Atlanta ATLANTA, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Gov. Nathan Deal and The Weather Company, an IBM (NYSE: IBM) Business, today announced the company, which delivers up to  to 40 billion forecasts daily, will relocate its headquarters within Atlanta and is hiring an additional 400 people as it prepares to grow its services that already provide accurate, personalized and actionable weather data and insights to millions of consumers and thousands of businesses around the world. “The Weather Company has made significant contributions in Georgia for more than three decades,” Governor Deal said. “The company’s decision to expand its workforce in the metro  Atlanta area is a reflection of our state’s ability to retain dynamic companies with our business-friendly environment and highly skilled workforce. We look forward to our ongoing relationship with The Weather Company and its continued success in Georgia.” Atlanta headquarters of The Weather Company, an IBM Business, will move to Perimeter Summit and add 400 jobs. The Weather Company, which was acquired by IBM in January, helps some of the world’s biggest brands in aviation, energy, insurance and media as well as government anticipate and respond to weather’s impact on their operations. It connects newscasters, airline pilots, energy traders, insurance executives, state agency employees, retail management and more to the weather intel they need. “The combination of technology and expertise from The Weather Company and IBM is progressing well as we create additional value for the clients of both companies,” said Cameron Clayton, CEO and General Manager, The Weather Company. “The additional hiring and the move to a new headquarters are indicative of the support and investment that IBM is providing to attract and retain the best and brightest as we build this amazing business.” Relocation of The Weather Company’s headquarters to Perimeter Summit at 1001 Perimeter Summit Boulevard is expected to begin in late spring of next year. Jobs being added include positions in software and product development, engineering, technology and marketing, among others. The Weather Company provides weather data and insights via Weather’s API, its business solutions division, and its own digital products from The Weather Channel (weather.com) and Weather Underground (wunderground.com). Earlier this year, The Weather Company announced plans to advance the precision and accuracy of weather forecasting by combining hyper-local, short-term custom forecasts developed by IBM Research with The Weather Company’s global forecast model. The powerful combination of the two models is called Deep Thunder, which also uses historical weather data to train machine learning models to help businesses predict the actual impact of weather. Every day, The Weather Company’s sophisticated models analyze data for worldwide locations using more than 100 terabytes of third-party data daily and Weather Underground’s network of more than 200,000 personal weather stations. Combining that enormous volume and variety of data with advances in atmospheric and computational sciences enables The Weather Company to produce one of the most reliable global forecasts available today. As it announced the acquisition of The Weather Company in January, IBM said it will use The Weather Company’s technology and expertise to serve as the foundation for the Watson Internet of Things Cloud platform, building on a $3 billion commitment IBM made in 2015 to invest in the Internet of Things. The acquisition extended the scale and capability of IBM’s cloud data services platform and expanded The Weather Company’s enterprise services capabilities and consumer reach to a global scale, including plans to bring weather.com to new major markets such as China and India. The Weather Company worked closely with the Georgia Department of Economic Development (GDECD), the Metro Atlanta Chamber and Georgia Power in the selection of its new headquarters location. “We are excited that The Weather Company, a leader in the technology industry, is expanding their operations here,” said GDEcD Commissioner Pat Wilson. “We thank The Weather Company for their growth and confidence in the Atlanta area, and look forward to supporting them as they continue to provide weather data to millions of consumers and thousands of businesses around the world.” The Weather Company, an IBM Business The Weather Company, an IBM Business, is the world’s largest private weather enterprise, helping people make informed decisions — and take action — in the face of weather. The company offers the most accurate, personalized and actionable weather data and insight to millions of consumers, as well as thousands of marketers and businesses via Weather’s API, its business solutions division, and its own digital products from The Weather Channel (weather.com) and Weather Underground (wunderground.com). For more, visit the weathercompany.com. Photo –  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161116/440242 Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150331/195533LOGO    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ibms-the-weather-company-adding-400-jobs-and-relocating-its-headquarters-within-atlanta-300364378.html SOURCE The Weather Company Related Links http://www.theweathercompany.com Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 16, 2016November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Born From the World’s Greatest Driving Road – Stelvio Pass – the All-new 2018 Alfa Romeo Stelvio Sets a New Benchmark in Performance, Style and Technology in an SUV That Could Only Be Italian Next Next post: PlaceIQ Named One of the Fastest Growing Technology Companies in North America in the Deloitte Technology Fast 500™ Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
null
About AP Essential News from The Associated Press AAA  Nov. 16, 2016 1:15 PM ET The Latest: De Blasio tells Trump New Yorkers 'are fearful' AP          AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo Security personnel stand at entrance of 21 Club Restaurant, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York, where President-elect Donald Trump is having dinner. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Security personnel stand at entrance of 21 Club Restaurant, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York, where President-elect Donald Trump is having dinner. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) President-elect Donald Trump, right, kisses his son Eric farewell after dining at the 21 Club, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner walk past the Paley Center for Media as they leave the 21 Club after dining with President-elect Donald Trump on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) Vice President-elect Mike Pence walks past media as he leaves Trump Tower with his wife Karen, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Vice President-elect Mike Pence and his wife Karen arrives at Trump Tower, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York. AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) . . 1 of 5 . . More News Video Buy AP Photo Reprints WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Donald Trump's transition to the presidency. (All times EST): 1:10 p.m. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio says he met with President-elect Donald Trump and "let him know that so many New Yorkers are fearful" of what his administration could bring. De Blasio spoke to reporters after his hour-long meeting at Trump Tower Wednesday, which he categorized as "respectful" and "candid" with a real "give-and-take." The mayor, a liberal Democrat, and Trump have previously clashed. He said concerns with Trump's support of aggressive policing tactics, his tax plans and any move to deport immigrants living in the United States illegally. De Blasio said that Trump "loves this city" and added that he urged the Republican president-elect to send a "sign of unity" to his hometown, which overwhelmingly voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton. ___ 11:50 a.m. A spokesman for President-elect Donald Trump says the transition team is "not going to rush" to put forward potential Cabinet selections. Jason Miller said Wednesday that Trump's team wants to feel confident their choices will be able to be confirmed by the Senate and can implement the president-elect's vision. Miller told reporters at Trump Tower in New York City that President Barack Obama did not have "his entire Cabinet formed within the first week" after his election in 2008. He said the transition team has a "very solid plan" and they're taking a "methodical approach" to filling Trump's Cabinet and White House. ___ 11:35 a.m. Over 300 U.S. businesses have signed a statement calling on President-elect Donald Trump to support the Paris Agreement on climate change — including General Mills, eBay, Intel, Unilever, and dozens of other Fortune 500 companies. Their statement reads "implementing the Paris Agreement will enable and encourage businesses and investors to turn the billions of dollars in existing low-carbon investments into the trillions of dollars the world needs to bring clean energy and prosperity to all." The statement is addressed to Trump, President Barack Obama and members of Congress. It calls on elected U.S. officials to maintain the country's policy and financial commitments to lower carbon emissions. Lara Birkes, chief sustainability officer of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, says "the Paris Agreement was a vital step forward, but its power is in our collective action." ___ 11:32 a.m. Czech President Milos Zeman has called U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's former wife, Ivana, to thank her for her "courage" and interest to become the new U.S. ambassador to Prague. In a Wednesday statement, Zeman said he's pleased with that because "the U.S. cannot send a better ambassador to Prague" than her. Zeman said he would be delighted to meet her at the Prague Castle, the seat of presidency and is looking forward to introduce her to his wife, also named Ivana. Ivana, Trump's first wife and the mother of his three oldest children, is of Czech origin. Zeman was among several European leaders, including Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who endorsed Trump during the campaign. Zeman said he shared Trump's views of migration and the fight against the Islamic terrorism. Trump's presidential transition team provided no readout of the conversation between the Czech leader and his ex-wife. ___ 9:15 a.m. The White House Correspondents' Association says it is "unacceptable" that President-elect Donald Trump is traveling without a regular pool of journalists to inform the public of his whereabouts. Trump left his residence Tuesday night for a family dinner after his transition team had told journalists he would not be in public the rest of the day. A protective pool of journalists is supposed to join the president or president-elect's motorcade to record their whereabouts and be on hand in the event of breaking news. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks has said the team plans to respect the traditions of press access at the White House. WHCA President Jeff Mason says "the time to act on that promise is now." Mason says it is critical that journalists covering the president-elect "be allowed to do their job." __ 7:50 a.m. Ohio congressman Tim Ryan says Democrats should get back to economic basics of manufacturing, not veer to its liberal wing in the wake of Republican Donald Trump's election victory. Ryan is considering challenging Rep. Nancy Pelosi as House Democratic leader because he says the party risks sliding back into an ideological past rather than moving forward. He told MSNBC's "Morning Joe" on Wednesday that Democrats "have to grab that idea of making things in America again." "No one wants to hear about job retraining," he said. "They want jobs." ___ 6:30 a.m. President-elect Donald Trump is denying reports that efforts are underway to get security clearances for his adult children. In a post on his verified Twitter account @realDonaldTrump early Wednesday, the billionaire businessman who's to be inaugurated as the nation's 45th president on Jan. 20, said, "I am not trying to get top security clearances for my children." Trump, who has been immersed in transition planning at his office skyscraper in New York in recent days, added, "This was a typically false news story." There had been rampant speculation in recent days that such an effort was being attempted. Asked about it earlier this week, Kellyanne Conway, who was Trump's campaign manager, said in a broadcast interview she wasn't "intimately' familiar with the issue and indicated she couldn't confirm it. 4:20 a.m. Turkey's president has criticized protests in the United States against Donald Trump, saying the president-elect should be respected and given time to show how he will govern. Speaking to reporters on Wednesday before a visit to Pakistan, Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the protesters were "attacking" Trump because "the person they wanted wasn't elected president." Erdogan said: "Hold on a second. The election process just ended, show some respect! How will he govern, let's see that first." The Turkish leader added: This is important in terms of showing who respects democracy in the world." 3:30 a.m. President-elect Donald Trump hadn't been seen in public for days when he walked into New York's 21 Club to applause from fellow diners. The unannounced evening out with family was a contrast to the behind-the scenes machinations that suggested a struggling transition as names surfaced and sank for top administration positions. Not to worry, Trump suggested in a Tuesday night tweet: "Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!" Before dinner at the midtown Manhattan restaurant— he broke with protocol and left his press contingent behind — Trump met with the head of his transition team, Vice President-elect Mike Pence, but another day passed without a Cabinet announcement.Associated Press Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Topics: General news, Government and politics, United States Presidential Election, Events, 2016 United States presidential election, Presidential elections, Government transitions, Municipal governments, Contracts and orders, National elections, Elections, National governments, Local governments, Corporate news, Business People, Places and Companies: Bill de Blasio, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Milos Zeman, Viktor Orban, Tim Ryan, Nancy Pelosi, Kellyanne Conway, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Michael Pence, Czech Republic, United States, New York City, Prague       AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use ©  Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Storage Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel SSDs Smartphones Storage Mobile GPUs Samsung CPUs Motherboards Home> Storage G-Technology G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GB External SSD Capsule Review by Ganesh T S on November 16, 2016 11:30 AM EST Posted in Storage SSDs SanDisk TLC G-Technology DAS USB 3.1 USB-C 4 Comments | Add A Comment 4 Comments + Add A Comment Flash-based external direct-attached storage (DAS) devices have been rapidly evolving over the last few years. The emergence of USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C has led to external peripherals adopting it for the host interface. DAS units are no exception, and we have seen vendors release a number of Type-C devices over the last year or so. On the storage media side, there has been a move towards cheaper flash, with TLC as the primary driver. High-performance flash-based DAS units carry a premium as they are still reliant on MLC flash for providing consistent performance. In the last five years, Western Digital (WD) has made a string of acquisitions as part of the overall consolidation trend in the market. The two key ones have been HGST and SanDisk. Along with HGST, WD also acquired the G-Technology brand. This brand has been catering to the storage demands of content creators for multimedia acquisition, editing and distribution. Their products range from bus-powered rugged portable hard drives and SSDs to rackmount enclosures for multiple high-capacity hard drives. In the hard drive segment, G-Technology could make use of HGST products, but, for the external SSDs, they had been relying on flash from external vendors. The acquisition of SanDisk fixes this problem. G-Technology's G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C is one of the first products to take advantage of this synergy. The G-DRVE slim SSD USB-C is a portable USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C external SSD. It comes in two capacities - 500GB and 1TB. G-Technology claims speeds of up to 540 MBps, but, in keeping with the usual G-Technology marketing strategy, doesn't specify much in terms of the internals. This review analyzes the hardware and performance of the 500GB variant for typical DAS workloads Buy G-Tech G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GB on Amazon.com Packaging and Internals The industrial design of G-Technology products is sleek and attractive, as the primary target is content creators. A majority of those are Mac users who want their peripherals to match the look and feel of Apple hardware. The G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C is no exception. G-Technology even advertises it as being a good companion to the MacBook. The internal drive also comes pre-formatted in HFS+ for Mac users. The product is bus-powered. Hence, the supplied material in the package is minimal - just a couple of cables (Type-C to Type-A and Type-C to Type-C) rated for for USB 3.1 Gen 2 speeds. Other than that, we have the usual warranty papers and quick start guide. The G-Technology G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C is based on the SanDisk X400 launched earlier this year. It is a TLC-based SSD sporting the Marvell 88SS1074 SSD controller. The first clue to this comes from the CrystalDiskInfo information. A teardown also reveals the SSD, and, as a bonus, we also see the bridge configuration. Gallery: G-Technology G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GB Internals The unit's Type-C port is well-shielded, and the board reveals the ASMedia ASM1351 SATA to USB 3.1 Gen 2 bridge along with the ASMedia ASM1543 Type-C switch to enable the Type-C port. Testbed Setup and Testing Methodology Evaluation of DAS units on Windows is done with the testbed outlined in the table below. For devices with a USB 3.1 Gen 2 (via a Type-C interface) connections (such as the G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GB that we are considering today), we utilize the USB 3.1 Type-C port enabled by the Intel Alpine Ridge controller. It connects to the Z170 PCH via a PCIe 3.0 x4 link. AnandTech DAS Testbed Configuration Motherboard GIGABYTE Z170X-UD5 TH ATX CPU Intel Core i5-6600K Memory G.Skill Ripjaws 4 F4-2133C15-8GRR 32 GB ( 4x 8GB) DDR4-2133 @ 15-15-15-35 OS Drive Samsung SM951 MZVPV256 NVMe 256 GB SATA Devices Corsair Neutron XT SSD 480 GB Intel SSD 730 Series 480 GB Add-on Card None Chassis Cooler Master HAF XB EVO PSU Cooler Master V750 750 W OS Windows 10 Pro x64 Thanks to Cooler Master, GIGABYTE, G.Skill and Intel for the build components The full details of the reasoning behind choosing the above build components can be found here. The list of DAS units used for comparison purposes is provided below. G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GB ADATA SE730 250GB ADATA SV620 480GB Netac Z5 512GB Samsung Portable SSD T3 2TB SanDisk Extreme 510 480GB SanDisk Extreme 900 1.92TB Synthetic Benchmarks - Crystal DiskMark G-Technology claims speeds of up to 540 MBps, and these are backed up by the CrystalDiskMark benchmarks provided below. Unfortunately, despite being better estimate of the real-world performance compared to ATTO, it still suffers from being susceptible to SLC caching when evaluating TLC-based drives. Therefore, it is important to test out real-world scenarios also. G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GBADATA SE730 250GBADATA SV620 480GBNetac Z5 512GBSamsung Portable SSD T3 2TBSanDisk Extreme 510 480GBSanDisk Extreme 900 1.92TB Benchmarks - robocopy and PCMark 8 Storage Bench Our testing methodology for DAS units also takes into consideration the usual use-case for such devices. The most common usage scenario is transfer of large amounts of photos and videos to and from the unit. The minor usage scenario is importing files directly off the DAS into a multimedia editing program such as Adobe Photoshop. In order to tackle the first use-case, we created three test folders with the following characteristics: Photos: 15.6 GB collection of 4320 photos (RAW as well as JPEGs) in 61 sub-folders Videos: 16.1 GB collection of 244 videos (MP4 as well as MOVs) in 6 sub-folders BR: 10.7 GB Blu-ray folder structure of the IDT Benchmark Blu-ray (the same that we use in our robocopy tests for NAS systems) For the second use-case, we take advantage of PC Mark 8's storage bench. The storage workload involves games as well as multimedia editing applications. The command line version allows us to cherry-pick storage traces to run on a target drive. We chose the following traces. Adobe Photoshop (Light) Adobe Photoshop (Heavy) Adobe After Effects Adobe Illustrator Usually, PC Mark 8 reports time to complete the trace, but the detailed log report has the read and write bandwidth figures which we present in our performance graphs. Note that the bandwidth number reported in the results don't involve idle time compression. Results might appear low, but that is part of the workload characteristic. Note that the same testbed is being used for all DAS units. Therefore, comparing the numbers for each trace should be possible across different DAS units. The above numbers show that SanDisk's TLC-based X400 can act as an effective external SSD, but, it still loses out to pure MLC-based SSDs and RAID-ed SSDs for workloads that put heavy stress on the SSD in terms of total traffic. That said, the USB 3.1 Gen 2 interface keeps it ahead of some of the USB 3.0 SSDs with MLC flash. Performance Consistency Yet another interesting aspect of these types of units is performance consistency. Aspects that may influence this include thermal throttling and firmware caps on access rates to avoid overheating or other similar scenarios. This aspect is an important one, as the last thing that users want to see when copying over, say, 100 GB of data to the flash drive, is the transfer rate going to USB 2.0 speeds. In order to identify whether the drive under test suffers from this problem, we instrumented our robocopy DAS benchmark suite to record the flash drive's read and write transfer rates while the robocopy process took place in the background. For supported drives, we also recorded the internal temperature of the drive during the process. The graphs below show the speeds observed during our real-world DAS suite processing. The first three sets of writes and reads correspond to the photos suite. A small gap (for the transfer of the videos suite from the primary drive to the RAM drive) is followed by three sets for the next data set. Another small RAM-drive transfer gap is followed by three sets for the Blu-ray folder. An important point to note here is that each of the first three blue and green areas correspond to 15.6 GB of writes and reads respectively. Throttling, if any, is apparent within the processing of the photos suite itself. We see absolutely no issues with the thermal performance - The SSD temperature remains below 50C all through, and there is no thermal throttling at play here. G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GBADATA SE730 250GBADATA SV620 480GBNetac Z5 512GBSamsung Portable SSD T3 2TBSanDisk Extreme 510 480GBSanDisk Extreme 900 1.92TB Despite the absence of thermal throttling, we see slight inconsistencies between transfers of the same set of data at different points in time. This is due to the SLC caching implementation and the overhead associated with transferring data from the SLC to TLC segments. That said, the effect is not bad enough for regular users to notice. Concluding Remarks G-Technology's G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C is one of the first products in the external DAS space to take advantage of the synergies existing between various companies acquired by Western Digital over the past few years. The USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C interface shows that this is a product that looks forward to the future, and appropriately targets people with the latest and greatest computers. Despite that, the pricing is quite reasonable and actually matches several USB flash drives in terms of price per GB. A minor point of concern is the policy of SanDisk to not implement translation of SCSI Unmap commands to TRIM in their external SSDs. We checked for TRIM support, and Windows reported an error indicating that the volume optimization operation was not supported by the hardware backing the volume. Overall, we are impressed with the performance of the G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GB version and what it delivers for $230. That said, we would prefer adoption of MLC-based SSDs in this market segment, as TLC presents both long-term performance consistency and durability concerns which get amplified for heavy direct-attached storage workloads. Buy G-Tech G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GB on Amazon.com Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 4 Comments View All Comments SaolDan - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link Neat! Reply peterfares - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link You'd think they'd use an M.2 module Reply vdidenko - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link At least G-technology moved a little bit closer to DIY pricing than OWC https://plus.google.com/+VladDidenko/posts/4V3mLTs... Reply Paul Cam - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 - link USB Type C 2.5 inch HDD enclosures which support TRIM are now available - see Anandtech's own review of two such examples on 26th September. So why, despite the nice aesthetics, provision of Type C to Type C and Type C to Type A cables [a nice touch] and good thermal performance [not a problem with a SSD I would have thought with a max operating temp. of 70 degrees C.] would you buy this ? Put in your MLC or 3D TLC SSD of choice and you're good to go. There's just no excuse for buying this [and the sooner manufacturers understand TRIM support for an external SSD is essential the better...]. Reply 1 PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News NVIDIA Releases 375.86 WHQL Driver Update Game Bundles: Get Civilization VI, Doom, Watch_Dogs 2 for Free with AMD & Samsung Hardware Fold Proteins for Charity & Help AnandTech Beat Tom’s Hardware: Starting December 1st Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Unboxing and Hands On Benchmarks Best Tablets: Holiday 2016 AMD Releases Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix Capsule Review: The Zalman ZM-K650WP Gaming Keyboard: Waterproof at $30 Adesto EcoXiP: Optimizing Memory Interfaces For Embedded Systems Qualcomm Announces Quick Charge 4: Supports USB Type-C Power Delivery Qualcomm Announces Next-Generation Snapdragon 835 SoC Using Samsung’s 10nm Node HP Z2 Mini G3 Announced: Miniature Professional Workstation with Xeon and Quadro Promise Launches Pegasus3 External Storage via TB3: Up to 48 TB, 1.6 GBps TWEETS IanCutress: Congrats @EE absolutely no signal sat on a tube in South Ealing while @TfL failed to tannoy anything for 20 mins. @Vodafone had the answer RyanSmithAT: @JoshuaHo96 I guess you haven't seen @BasemarkLtd's VRScore Trek. Test your HMD using a mic jack. https://t.co/j1qH3LGWAk RyanSmithAT: @chrisheinonen No one in the east actually watches Pac-12 After Dark, do they? I thought this was intentional to put good teams on earlier IanCutress: What #bbctennis @BBCSport is the point in this first line on this graphic? Not everything needs to be represented a… https://t.co/WTpGSjmZZQ RyanSmithAT: Because few things in life are as sweet as defeating @tomshardware... https://t.co/wQskTppPxb IanCutress: Four. Huzzah https://t.co/ojISCOAmXN IanCutress: Three down, one to go https://t.co/sxcLEgpSSg RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Qualcomm Announces Next-Generation Snapdragon 835 SoC Using Samsung’s 10nm Node https://t.co/bHbZQLEon2 IanCutress: @jan_hyka If I have a window that's opened due to a script, it doesn't seem to count. Also, I seem to get lots of 'empty' space. RyanSmithAT: @TimothyLottes Much respect for @jonpeddie, but if I'm reading this right those numbrs include the Wii install base, which is a dead console ganeshts: .@wimbet OP3T - price, and they know how to make proper use of screen real estate by providing option to NOT have on-screen nav. buttons ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Microsoft doubles down on Linux love, joins foundation Microsoft doubles down on Linux love, joins foundation SQL Server for Linux hits public beta, and Azure App Service now supports Linux Blair Hanley Frank (IDG News Service) 17 November, 2016 02:30 - - - - print email Comments After a long campaign against open source and Linux, Microsoft has for the past few been pushing its love of the popular operating system. On Wednesday, the company made that even more official by joining the Linux Foundation, an organization that shepherds development of the operating system's kernel and provides funding for open source projects. Microsoft also launched the public beta of SQL Server on Linux, the much-anticipated port of the relational database software that was first announced in March. Linux developers can also start working with a beta of Azure App Service, which is designed to take away the work of managing infrastructure for cloud-based apps. The moves are part of an ongoing effort by the company to adopt and support Linux and open source in a variety of different ways. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella first proclaimed in 2014 that the company loves Linux, and we've seen the results of that ever since. Microsoft will be a Platinum member in the Linux Foundation, placing it alongside the likes of Intel, Oracle, Samsung and IBM. The move makes sense for Microsoft, given its open source leanings of late. Jim Zemlin, the Foundation's executive director, said in a press release that he expects Microsoft will intensify "its involvement and commitment to open development." But things weren't always so cozy between the two organizations. In 2009, Zemlin blasted Microsoft for "secretly attacking Linux" after it sold a group of Linux-related patents. Microsoft, meanwhile, attacked Linux, with former CEO Steve Ballmer famously calling the operating system a "cancer" 15 years ago. But at the same time, the door was open for the two organizations to work together, even during a period when Microsoft was much more aggressive towards Linux. "We'd like to have a place where developers can come and work on making Linux more effectively interoperate with Microsoft products," Zemlin told InfoWorld's Paul Krill in a 2008 interview. "And we'd like to do that in the open-source way that's not tied to any specific marketing agreement, that's not tied to any specific contract, that is an open process that can be participated in by anyone in the community." A warmer relationship between the two organizations began emerging last year when the two launched a certification for running Linux on Azure. In order to obtain the certificate, sysadmins had to pass a Microsoft exam about Azure, and a Linux Foundation exam about managing the open source operating system. Microsoft also joined the Eclipse Foundation earlier this year. Now, Microsoft's move to join the Linux Foundation is an important step, according to IDC Program Director Al Hilwa.  "Microsoft is hitting all the right notes in terms of aligning its developer business with an ecosystem much broader than Windows," he said in an email. "Joining the Linux Foundation is a natural progression of this strategy and one that might still generate a double take if it wasn’t for all the actions the company has already taken in terms of supporting Linux in Azure and with SQL Server." With the release of the pubic beta for SQL Server on Linux, anyone will be able to take the relational database software for a spin on a Linux machine, though they shouldn't expect the full set of features available on Windows to make their way over to Linux just yet. Microsoft has planned to make SQL Server on Linux available in the middle of next year, and Wednesday's launch is an important step along that path. Microsoft General Manager Rohan Kumar said during a press event that the SQL Server team put a lot of work to making the relational database software feel like it’s at home on Linux, and not just a straight port of the database engine alone. Azure App Service is also getting the Linux treatment. Developers building Node.js and PHP applications that run on Linux now have a beta version of Microsoft's platform-as-a-service offering to try out. It's designed to help developers build web and mobile apps that easily scale and integrate with other services. All of this is part of a suite of announcements Microsoft made at its Connect conference in New York City on Wednesday. On top of all the Linux news, Google will be joining the .NET Foundation, and Microsoft is releasing a handful of updates to various Visual Studio products. Brand Post Predicts 2016 - Algorithms Take Digital Business to the Next Level More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about EclipseGoogleIBMIntelLinuxMicrosoftOracleSamsung Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers IDG STEM Study Insights Infographic : IDG STEM study Latest Jobs EPAS Technical Support Officers NSW Azure/Sharepoint Developer NSW SOE Architect NSW Chief Enterprise Architect NSW ITIL Productivity Support Officer - contract Initially - Sydney NSW SAP Test Manager NSW Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Financial Analyst NSW Project Manager NSW Procurement & Contracts Manager QLD Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next True agile software development requires DevOps When Airbnb asked users to pledge to treat people equally, a lot ... Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation Messaging and collaboration tools are most valuable enterprise apps CSO Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk Attacks to make Ask.com Toolbar a conduit for malware are nipped in the bud IoT attacks could bring real-world damage UK mobile operator loses phones following data breach Ransomware victims able to thwart attacks, report says Computerworld How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Verizon IoT, Swiftmile pilot smart bike-sharing in Santa Clara Computerworld's holiday gift guide 2016 (with video!) Government to loan NBN money to complete rollout ARN IT workers singled out amid 457 visa changes Govt stumps up $19.5 billion loan to finish NBN rollout ​Cloud services spend set to rise as IT budgets realign ​Dicker Data ranks highest among Cisco regional distributors ​Meet the fastest growing tech companies in Australia… Techworld Best Black Friday 2016 Windows deals How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk The IRS wants to ID every US Coinbase user from 2013 to 2015 CMO LinkedIn, Facebook, Google marketers weigh in on digital marketing success 5 lessons in change from Wunderman-Bienalto’s Hurol Inan Facebook admits to further reporting errors, proposes metrics overhaul Telstra looks to bolster customer advocacy with refined CX and network investment strategy Panel: Tackling customer problems and corporate culture core to digital transformation strategy Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. Microsoft Joins The Linux Foundation As A Platinum Member Written by Michael Larabel in Microsoft on 16 November 2016 at 10:48 AM EST. 128 Comments Microsoft announced at their 2016 Connect event today they are joining the Linux Foundation. Microsoft is becoming a Platinum Member of the Linux Foundation -- the highest tier of membership for companies interested in supporting Linux. The platinum members of the Linux Foundation currently include Cisco, Fujitsu, HP Enterprise, Huawei, IBM, Intel, NEC, Oracle, Qualcomm, and Samsung. Becoming a platinum member also earns Microsoft a seat on the Linux Foundation board of directors. This announcement comes after Microsoft keynoted at LinuxCon earlier this year and the slew of Linux/open-source announcements out of the Redmond company since Satya Nadella took over as CEO. More details at LinuxFoundation.org. 128 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Microsoft News Microsoft .NET Core 1.1 Brings Support For More Linux Distributions, Greater Performance Skype 1.10 Linux Alpha Restores Video Calls Support Microsoft Reportedly Requires "Signature PCs" To Be Locked To Only Running Windows Linux Gets A Proprietary, Read-Only ReFS File-System Driver Microsoft Keynoting LinuxCon, Continues Talking Up Linux/OSS Microsoft Open-Sources PowerShell & Brings It To Linux Popular News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME 3.22.2 Released GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Latest Linux News Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9 Has Tear-Free PRIME Offloading Between Intel & AMDGPU POWER8 Talos Workstation Drops Price Slightly, Long Way From Being Funded WSL-Distribution-Switcher Swaps Out Ubuntu For Other Distros On Windows Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Now Has Patches For Fast Clears Enhanced File Stats Being Worked On For The Linux Kernel GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan Hits New Milestone New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau EGL_ANDROID_native_fence_sync Patches For Mesa Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: EU: US will be in climate talks even under Trump By Associated Press Published: 13:03 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 13:03 EST, 16 November 2016 e-mail MARRAKECH, Morocco (AP) — The Latest on U.N. climate talks in Marrakech, Morocco (all times local): 6 p.m. A European Union official says he believes the U.S. will continue to engage in international climate talks, even under President-elect Donald Trump. Activists stage a protest against man-made emissions of carbon dioxide and other global warming gases, at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (AP Photo/Mosa'ab Elshamy) Slovakian Environment Minister Laszlo Solymos, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, says "it's not easy to jump off a fast moving train. If someone wants to deviate, it won't be easy." Asked about Trump's campaign pledge to "cancel" U.S. involvement in the Paris Agreement on fighting climate change, Solymos was philosophical. He says "should something like that happen, then we shall address this issue, but we won't be alone in it. I'm sure we will be able to deal with it." He said EU nations "are determined to implement the Paris Agreement fully." ___ 4:55 p.m. An American climate change skeptic has shredded a copy of the Paris Agreement on global warming at the U.N. climate conference. Marc Morano, who runs a climate skeptic website, was led away by security guards after the stunt outside the media center in Marrakech. Morano put the document in a paper shredder and said that's what will happen to the Paris deal once Trump takes office. Wearing a red Trump hat, he said "the delegates here seem to be in deep denial about President-elect Trump's policies." As security guards led him away, he said "we will not be silenced." Morano is a former aide to Oklahoma Sen. James Inhofe, one of the most vocal climate skeptics in U.S. Congress. ___ 4:15 p.m. Seemingly unfazed by President-elect Donald Trump's campaign promises to yank the U.S. out of the Paris pact on global warming, a Chinese delegate says he expects the new administration to stay committed to the deal. "We have to expect they will take a right and smart decision," Liu Zhenmin, the deputy leader of China's delegation, told reporters at U.N. climate talks. The U.S.-China partnership on climate change forged by Presidents Barack Obama and Xi Jinping paved the way for the Paris deal to come together after years of mutual distrust. Liu said he expects that cooperation to continue under the next administration, even though Trump pledged during the campaign to "cancel" the Paris deal and withdraw U.S. contributions to U.N. global warming programs. "I think we have to wait and see," Liu said. "We hope that the U.S. will continue to play a role in the climate change process." ___ 3:25 p.m. Over 300 U.S. businesses have signed a statement calling on President-elect Donald Trump to support the Paris Agreement on climate change — including General Mills, eBay, Intel, Unilever, and dozens of other Fortune 500 companies. Their statement reads "implementing the Paris Agreement will enable and encourage businesses and investors to turn the billions of dollars in existing low-carbon investments into the trillions of dollars the world needs to bring clean energy and prosperity to all." The statement is addressed to Trump, President Barack Obama and members of Congress. It calls on elected U.S. officials to maintain the country's policy and financial commitments to lower carbon emissions. Lara Birkes, chief sustainability officer of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, says "the Paris Agreement was a vital step forward, but its power is in our collective action." ___ 1:55 p.m. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says failing to fight climate change would be a "moral failure, a betrayal of devastating consequences." With 2016 on track to be the hottest year on record, Kerry said the impacts of global warming are so evident that "at some point, even the strongest skeptic has to acknowledge that something disturbing is happening." Kerry was speaking Wednesday at a U.N. climate conference in Marrakech. He also says that he doesn't think U.S. emissions reduction pledges "can or will be reversed" because of the market mechanisms in play. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has called global warming a "hoax." ___ 1:30 p.m. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says an "overwhelming majority" of Americans know that climate change is happening and want the U.S. to honor its commitments under the Paris climate agreement. Speaking Wednesday at a U.N. climate conference in Marrakech, Kerry praised the Paris deal as a framework that is "built to last." U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has called global warming a "hoax" and pledged during the campaign to "cancel" the Paris deal aimed at fighting climate change. Kerry, however, says he doesn't think U.S. emissions reduction pledges "can or will be reversed" because of the market mechanisms in play. Maatalii Okalik, president of the National Inuit Youth Council, speaks during a panel featuring Canadian Indigenous leaders discussing climate change, at the COP22 climate change conference n Marrakech, Morocco, Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016. (AP Photo/Mosa'ab Elshamy) US Secretary of State John Kerry delivers an address at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. Kerry made a stirring appeal Wednesday to all countries ¿ including his own ¿ to press ahead with the fight against climate change, saying a failure to do so would be a "betrayal of devastating consequences." (AP Photo/Mosa'ab Elshamy) US Secretary of State John Kerry speaks, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) US Secretary of State John Kerry speaks, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) US Secretary of State John Kerry, right, talks with former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) US Secretary of State John Kerry, right, talks with former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar, during a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) US Secretary of State John Kerry , background right, and former Moroccan ambassador to the US Aziz Mekouar chair a major economies forum meeting, at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) US Secretary of State John Kerry delivers an address at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. Kerry made a stirring appeal Wednesday to all countries ¿ including his own ¿ to press ahead with the fight against climate change, saying a failure to do so would be a "betrayal of devastating consequences." (AP Photo/Mosa'ab Elshamy) Delegates arrive for a Major Economies Forum meeting at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Morocco, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. (Mark Ralston, Pool Photo via AP) US Secretary of State John Kerry delivers an address at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. Kerry made a stirring appeal Wednesday to all countries ¿ including his own ¿ to press ahead with the fight against climate change, saying a failure to do so would be a "betrayal of devastating consequences." (AP Photo/Mosa'ab Elshamy) US Secretary of State John Kerry delivers an address at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. Kerry made a stirring appeal Wednesday to all countries ¿ including his own ¿ to press ahead with the fight against climate change, saying a failure to do so would be a "betrayal of devastating consequences." (AP Photo/Mosa'ab Elshamy) US Secretary of State John Kerry speaks to journalists after delivering an address at the COP22 climate change conference in Marrakech, Wednesday, Nov 16, 2016. Kerry made a stirring appeal Wednesday to all countries ¿ including his own ¿ to press ahead with the fight against climate change, saying a failure to do so would be a "betrayal of devastating consequences." (AP Photo/Mosa'ab Elshamy) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Made In ChelSEA! Millie Mackintosh shows off her incredible physique in idyllic beach shot with beau Hugo Taylor during Mauritius break Looked stunning Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Justin, where's your car? Bieber 'loses' blue Ferrari after night out... and it takes three weeks to work out where he left it! Oops doesn't cover it! Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The cobalt outfit clung to her slender frame 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 55° Share Lobbyists in the running for Trump Cabinet jobs, despite ‘drain the swamp’ pledge By Catherine Ho / The Washington Post Wednesday, November 16th, 2016 at 8:43am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........WASHINGTON – President-elect Donald Trump’s stated plan to keep lobbyists out of his administration is off to a bumpy start, with questions being raised about the role they are already playing on his transition team. Now, attention is turning to whether Trump will nominate members of his Cabinet who hail from K Street. Nominating a lobbyist to serve as the head of a department would require Trump to roll back ethics restrictions put in place by President Barack Obama, according to ethics experts, a move that would run counter to his campaign promise to end the influence of special interests in Washington. At least two people Trump’s transition team is considering for Cabinet rank positions have ties to the lobbying world. Trump’s military adviser Mike Flynn, who runs a consulting firm that lobbies on defense matters, is being considered for defense secretary. And Jeffrey Holmstead, whose name has been floated in several reports as a potential EPA administrator, lobbies for energy companies. Advertisement Continue reading “If President-elect Trump is serious about this, the first thing he ought to do is make sure, in the ethics area, that he continues the existing executive order,” said Fred Wertheimer of the government watchdog group Democracy 21. “If [Trump] repeals this executive order, as opposed to keeping it or strengthening it, it will send a very important signal that the new president is not really interested in draining the swamp.” Flynn’s consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, recently filed paperwork to lobby for the Dutch company Inovo BV on bills authorizing Pentagon and State Department programs, according to a disclosure report filed in September, though it is unclear what parts of the legislation his firm is targeting. Holmstead is a lobbyist and lawyer at the law firm Bracewell – the former firm of ex-New York mayor and Trump ally Rudy Giuliani. He was deputy EPA administrator in the George W. Bush administration and now lobbies for Duke Energy, DTE Energy and other energy companies before the EPA, according to lobbying records. Bracewell was previously known as Bracewell Giuliani until earlier this year, when Giuliani left to join the law and lobby firm Greenberg Traurig. Ethics experts say it would be unusual for a lobbyist to become a Cabinet secretary, though some who work in the influence industry have been nominated in previous administrations and others have assumed top deputy positions, including in the Obama administration. “I don’t recall lobbyists taking Cabinet level positions,” said Jan Baran, an election law and lobbying ethics expert at the law firm Wiley Rein. Baran noted, though, that the idea of a registered lobbyist is relatively new. It is not unusual for a president-elect to consider people from the lobbying industry for lower-ranking jobs in the administration or to lead independent agencies – FCC chairman Tom Wheeler, for example, used to be a cable industry lobbyist. Despite championing restrictions on lobbyist serving in his administration, Obama faced tensions over the issue as well. In 2008, Obama nominated Tom Daschle as Health and Human Services secretary, but Daschle withdrew after questions arose over unpaid taxes and his work for health care and other private sector firms. While Daschle was not a registered lobbyist, critics said the work he did for corporate clients was essentially lobbying by a different name. Advertisement Continue reading Obama also nominated William Lynn, then a lobbyist at the defense contractor Raytheon, as deputy defense secretary – which forced the newly elected president to issue a waiver walking back the lobbyist ban he had just signed. For Trump, the issue is of increased importance because of the promises he made on the campaign trail and the anti-establishment wave he rode to victory. Last month, Trump proposed changes to lobbying ethics rules that would make it much harder for government and elected officials to become lobbyists after leaving office by extending the current “cooling off period” – the time period that lawmakers and administration officials must wait before lobbying their former colleagues – from one or two years to five years. He also said he would enact a lifetime ban on senior executive branch officials from becoming lobbyists for foreign countries, and close a loophole in federal lobbying laws that currently allows people who spend less than 20 percent of their time lobbying for a single client to avoid registering as a lobbyist. Trump appears to be softening some of his anti-lobbyists rhetoric, telling CBS’ 60 Minutes on Sunday that it’s hard to find people to work in the government who don’t have some ties to the lobbying industry. “Everybody that works for government, they then leave government and become a lobbyist, essentially,” Trump said. “I mean, the whole place is one big lobbyist.” lobbyists Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Trump transition team and GOP lobbyists are inching toward mutual acceptance – Oct 6, 2016 Trump might take national victory tour – Nov 13, 2016 Trump's lobbyist ban complicates administration hiring – Nov 16, 2016 Donald Trump gets to decide if his transition team will have a code of ethics – Nov 16, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Security Analytics Innovator Interset Named 2016 Intel Security Innovation Alliance DEVCON Rookie of the Year By Published: Nov 16, 2016 10:17 a.m. ET Share OTTAWA, ON, Nov 16, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- OTTAWA, ON--(Marketwired - Nov 16, 2016) - Security analytics platform innovator Interset has been recognized for outstanding contributions including business impact and solution innovation at the Intel Security Innovation Alliance Developers Conference (SIA DEVCON) in conjunction with the Intel Security FOCUS Conference. Interset, along with HP Aruba, was named Rookie of the Year 2016 for demonstrating extra effort in developing a strong partnership and integration based on the McAfee Data Exchange (DXL), Intel's architecture for enabling an adaptive security ecosystem. Interset employs behavioral analytics, machine learning, and big data to protect enterprise environments. With its integration with McAfee Enterprise Security Manager, Interset can natively ingest the rich event data gathered in ESM, analyze, detect and prioritize threats and high-risk events in that data set, and deliver the results with full incident context directly into the McAfee Enterprise Security console. With this integration, security practitioners can quickly and efficiently recognize, validate, investigate, and respond to the true risks and threats faced by the enterprise. Interset has also developed an industry-leading behavioral analytics integration with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer. Demonstrated at FOCUS 2016 and delivered later this month in Interset 5, this integration enables Interset to deliver the risk-prioritized, context-rich incident results to McAfee ESM or ePO products. In analyzing and prioritizing the data inputs via DXL, Interset's advanced machine learning and analytics greatly reduce false positives and event noise, enabling security analyst to quickly understand and react to the true threats they face. Interset 5 also boasts expanded use case coverage, data source integrations, more than 100 new advanced analytic models, and a new security operations-centric user interface. According to D.J. Long, head of the Intel Security Innovation Alliance, "Interset's integrations with McAfee ESM and McAfee DXL through the Intel Security Innovation Alliance provide our mutual customers with better data protection and an improved threat defense lifecycle. Partnering with Interset to combine the strengths of both companies is key to delivering a security analytics solution that provides accuracy and speed in threat detection." Recent News from Interset Interset Advances UEBA, Expands Use Case Coverage with Interset 5 Security Analytics Platform Interset Named 2016 Most Innovative Security Analytics Company by SINET In-Q-Tel Invests in User Behavior Analytics Leader Interset to Stay Ahead of Cyber Attacks on Sensitive Data About Interset Interset provides highly intelligent, accurate insider and targeted outsider threat detection. Our solution unlocks the power of user behavioral analytics, machine learning, and big data to provide the fastest, most flexible, and affordable way for IT teams to operationalize a data-protection program. Utilizing agentless data collectors, lightweight endpoint sensors, advanced behavioral analytics, and an intuitive user interface, Interset provides unparalleled visibility into sensitive data. This enables early attack detection and actionable forensic intelligence with reduced false positives and noise. Interset solutions are deployed to protect critical data across the manufacturing, life sciences, high-tech, finance, government, aerospace and defense, and securities brokerage industries. For more information, visit Interset.com and follow us on Twitter @intersetca.  Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3081484 Contact: Betsy Kosheff Email Contact 413-232-7057 � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH AWS shines light on Virginia solar scheme EMC crying two SAN breakup tears HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill SPB Geek's Guide Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI can now tell if you're a criminal or not Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Microsoft Linux Software Microsoft just got its Linux Foundation platinum card, becomes top level member More Linux love from Redmond – and a public preview of SQL Server for Linux One third of VMs in Azure run Linux 16 Nov 2016 at 15:30, Tim Anderson Tim Anderson Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Windows, Adobe, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Microsoft just got its Linux Foundation platinum card, becomes top level member Bow to your Sensei! Adobe adds machine learning and design tool to Creative Cloud First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Microsoft has joined The Linux Foundation as a Platinum member, the highest level of membership. The news was announced at the company's Connect developer event in New York. The Linux Foundation is a non-profit trade association which supports and promotes the Linux operating system and related projects, including Node.js, Xen virtualisation, IOT projects and open standards for containers. Microsoft is joining 10 existing Platinum members: Cisco, Fujitsu, HP Enterprise, Huawei, IBM, Intel, NEC, Oracle, Qualcomm and Samsung. There are 19 Gold members including Facebook, Google and SUSE, while over 200 other companies are content with Silver membership. The news is notable further evidence of Microsoft's move towards being a provider of cloud infrastructure and services, rather than a Windows company. Microsoft once saw Linux as a threat to its business; in 2001 then-CEO Steve Ballmer called Linux "a cancer" because of concerns over the impact of the GNU GPL open source license on intellectual property. That was then. Now one-third of the virtual machines (VMs) in Microsoft's Azure cloud run Linux, according to director of program management Corey Saunders. The Azure Container Service currently supports Linux but not Windows containers. Today Microsoft also announced the preview of Azure App Service for Linux, with support for Docker containers. Azure App Service lets you deploy application code to run on Azure without having to manage the underlying VMs directly, and with simple or automated scaling of the size and number of VMs used. Microsoft has also ported SQL Server to Linux, and today released the public preview. The company says that "all major features" of the product are supported on Linux, including in-memory databases, row-level security, and Transparent Data Encryption. Packages are available for Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Ubuntu Linux, and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server. There will still be some tension around Microsoft's involvement with Linux. On the Linux side, mistrust in the community will make some contributors wary, while on Microsoft's side there remain many areas where Windows and Linux are in competition, such as in the on-premises desktop and server business. Another piece of open source news from Connect is that Google is joining the .NET Foundation, which is responsible for projects including .NET Core, ASP.NET Core, MS Build, and other open source parts of the .NET platform. Samsung, already a member of the .NET Foundation Technical Steering Group, has announced Visual Studio Tools for Tizen, which lets developers build .NET applications for the Samsung-sponsored Tizen operating system. Tizen is based on Linux and is also a Linux Foundation project. Tizen is used in Samsung's Gear smartwatches as well as in Samsung TVs and other devices. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 59 Comments More from The Register Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Developers committed to C# have something to look forward to 3 Comments R you ready? Open source stats come to Visual Studio R Tools for Visual Studio, in da house 14 Comments Microsoft cracks open Visual Studio to Linux C++ coders BUILD2016 Plug in. Go, go, go 62 Comments Microsoft explanation for Visual Studio online outage leaves open questions Five hour lockout caused by errant stored procedure 27 Comments Visual Studio Code: Let's talk about Extensions Laying the foundations to build your own 8 Comments Visual Studio running on OS X and Linux for free? SO close Build 2015 Microsoft's new cross-platform editor show non-Windows devs some love 38 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China Spotlight Has Linux got OpenStack licked? The Vanilla 'Plus' strategy Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets Tailored Swift – coming soon to a cloud near you Toblerone's Brexit trim should be applied to bloatware Red Hat eye from the Ubuntu guy: Fedora – how you doin'? Pair programming – you'll never guess what happens next! Open Sorcerers: Can you rid us of Emperor Zuck? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1.00/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives The best films on Netflix for a chilly weekend Fugitives sought by Houston-area police Houston restaurants with health code violations Dr. Denton Cooley, famed Houston heart surgeon, dies Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Houston & Texas News Houston Texas Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Education K-12 Zone Blog School Report Card 2014 Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Motorcycle rider killed by hit-and-run driver on Loop 610 Midtown taco shop destroyed in overnight blaze Texas Tech professor doesn't have time for students' Nearly 50 Houston kids join new families on National Adoption Day US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who Before-and-after photos show the work of preservationists around Man dressed as ninja breaks into comic book store, steals a What happens to lions and tigers when their cartel owners get Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Three-pointers: Takeaways from Rockets' win against Utah Charlie Strong's future grim after Kansas upends Texas in Andrew Ward pulls off decision win over Sergey Kovalev for title Lewisville Hebron claims second straight state title with defeat Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Texas settles deceptive trade case against VW Holiday travel hacks for Houston airports People in Business Lodging company offers free Houston hotel rooms during the A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work #NameAPenceMusical takes over Twitter after 'Hamilton' incident The Best TV Shows That Started in 2016 Happy Birthday, Owen Wilson! 'Marley & Me' actor turns 48 Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Awkward Thanksgiving family photos define the holiday struggle TripAdvisor names its top picks for all-inclusive resorts around Celebrate National Fast Food day with a look back at our culinary Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/politics/us/article/Lobbyists-in-the-running-for-Trump-Cabinet-jobs-10617897.php Lobbyists in the running for Trump Cabinet jobs, despite 'drain the swamp' pledge By Catherine Ho, The Washington Post Published 8:51 am, Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, supporters of then-Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump hold signs during a campaign rally in Springfield, Ohio.  FILE - In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, supporters of then-Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump hold signs during a campaign rally in Springfield, Ohio.  Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Lobbyists in the running for Trump Cabinet jobs, despite 'drain the swamp' pledge 1 / 1 Back to Gallery WASHINGTON - President-elect Donald Trump's stated plan to keep lobbyists out of his administration is off to a bumpy start, with questions being raised about the role they are already playing on his transition team. Now, attention is turning to whether Trump will nominate members of his Cabinet who hail from K Street. Nominating a lobbyist to serve as the head of a department would require Trump to roll back ethics restrictions put in place by President Barack Obama, according to ethics experts, a move that would run counter to his campaign promise to end the influence of special interests in Washington. At least two people Trump's transition team is considering for Cabinet rank positions have ties to the lobbying world. Trump's military adviser Mike Flynn, who runs a consulting firm that lobbies on defense matters, is being considered for defense secretary. And Jeffrey Holmstead, whose name has been floated in several reports as a potential EPA administrator, lobbies for energy companies. "If President-elect Trump is serious about this, the first thing he ought to do is make sure, in the ethics area, that he continues the existing executive order," said Fred Wertheimer of the government watchdog group Democracy 21. "If [Trump] repeals this executive order, as opposed to keeping it or strengthening it, it will send a very important signal that the new president is not really interested in draining the swamp." Flynn's consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, recently filed paperwork to lobby for the Dutch company Inovo BV on bills authorizing Pentagon and State Department programs, according to a disclosure report filed in September, though it is unclear what parts of the legislation his firm is targeting. Holmstead is a lobbyist and lawyer at the law firm Bracewell - the former firm of ex-New York mayor and Trump ally Rudy Giuliani. He was deputy EPA administrator in the George W. Bush administration and now lobbies for Duke Energy, DTE Energy and other energy companies before the EPA, according to lobbying records. Bracewell was previously known as Bracewell Giuliani until earlier this year, when Giuliani left to join the law and lobby firm Greenberg Traurig. Ethics experts say it would be unusual for a lobbyist to become a Cabinet secretary, though some who work in the influence industry have been nominated in previous administrations and others have assumed top deputy positions, including in the Obama administration. "I don't recall lobbyists taking Cabinet level positions," said Jan Baran, an election law and lobbying ethics expert at the law firm Wiley Rein. Baran noted, though, that the idea of a registered lobbyist is relatively new. It is not unusual for a president-elect to consider people from the lobbying industry for lower-ranking jobs in the administration or to lead independent agencies - FCC chairman Tom Wheeler, for example, used to be a cable industry lobbyist. Despite championing restrictions on lobbyist serving in his administration, Obama faced tensions over the issue as well. In 2008, Obama nominated Tom Daschle as Health and Human Services secretary, but Daschle withdrew after questions arose over unpaid taxes and his work for health care and other private sector firms. While Daschle was not a registered lobbyist, critics said the work he did for corporate clients was essentially lobbying by a different name. Obama also nominated William Lynn, then a lobbyist at the defense contractor Raytheon, as deputy defense secretary - which forced the newly elected president to issue a waiver walking back the lobbyist ban he had just signed. For Trump, the issue is of increased importance because of the promises he made on the campaign trail and the anti-establishment wave he rode to victory. Last month, Trump proposed changes to lobbying ethics rules that would make it much harder for government and elected officials to become lobbyists after leaving office by extending the current "cooling off period" - the time period that lawmakers and administration officials must wait before lobbying their former colleagues - from one or two years to five years. He also said he would enact a lifetime ban on senior executive branch officials from becoming lobbyists for foreign countries, and close a loophole in federal lobbying laws that currently allows people who spend less than 20 percent of their time lobbying for a single client to avoid registering as a lobbyist. Trump appears to be softening some of his anti-lobbyists rhetoric, telling CBS' 60 Minutes on Sunday that it's hard to find people to work in the government who don't have some ties to the lobbying industry. "Everybody that works for government, they then leave government and become a lobbyist, essentially," Trump said. "I mean, the whole place is one big lobbyist." More Political News This bikini cake for a La. lawmaker was a smash it, sort of Ted Cruz is back, promising pitchforks and torches if the GOP... Pardoned White House turkeys live horrible lives in inhumane... Unveiling set for African-American monument at Capitol Donald Trump poised to learn the Pottery Barn rule of governing SBOE makes it final: controversial textbook officially rejected Dallas Rep. Jeb Hensarling meets with Trump The electoral college isn't a real place, but someone has to... Harris County Judge Ed Emmett to seek reelection in 2018 Mayor Turner: We're marching to Austin for pension deal Most Read 1 Dr. Denton Cooley, famed Houston heart surgeon, dead at 96 2 Trump may be setting a record for broken promises 3 Houston-area man gets 30 years in prison for Medicare fraud 4 Texas Tech professor doesn't have time for students'... 5 Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who... 6 8 arrests as rival protest groups clash near Texas Capitol 7 Parents under fire for trying to name baby after known terrorist View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Cybereason Joins Coalition for Cybersecurity Policy & Law Cybereason Joins Coalition for Cybersecurity Policy & Law Posted on November 16, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Cybereason has joined the Coalition for Cybersecurity Policy & Law to take an active role in working with other public and private organizations to make cybersecurity policies more effective, ensuring a safer internet and making cybersecurity more robust for everyone. Boston, MA (PRWEB) November 16, 2016 Cybereason, developers of the world’s only military-grade, real-time detection and response platform, today announced that is has joined the Coalition for Cybersecurity Policy & Law. By joining the Coalition, Cybereason will take an active role in working with other public and private organizations to make cybersecurity policies more effective, ensuring a safer internet and making cybersecurity more robust for everyone. “On behalf of all of the Coalition’s members, I am excited to welcome Cybereason to the Coalition because they will offer valuable insights on the real-world threats that we face as a nation and help to bridge the gap with policymakers on how to react and respond to sophisticated attacks that threaten critical infrastructure,” said Ari Schwartz, coordinator of the coalition and managing director of cybersecurity services, Venable LLP. Schwartz is the former special assistant to President Obama and the senior director for cybersecurity at The White House. The Cybereason announcement comes in the midst of Coalition for Cybersecurity Policy & Law's one-day symposium titled ‘Cybersecurity Under the Next President: A Symposium with Cybersecurity Industry Leaders.’ In the symposium, held on Tuesday, cybersecurity leaders and private and public sector organizations came together to discuss what President-elect Trump and his administration will ‎do to make progress on important information security issues. What impact will the change have on the way the U.S. Government shares vulnerability information; risk management policy for companies and government agencies; how the government shares threat information with companies; or how our privacy is protected? Coalition for Cybersecurity Policy & Law members include: Arbor Networks, AT&T, Cisco, Intel, Microsoft, Mimecast, Oracle, Palo Alto Networks, Rapid7 and Symantec. “Cybereason and other leading technology companies can play an important role working with both private and public sector organizations to discuss and work collaboratively on policies and strategies that will minimize risk and keep critical infrastructure safe and secure. What is most important to Cybereason is working in a fashion where real change takes place and all companies have an opportunity to improve cybersecurity around the world,” said Sam Curry, chief product officer, Cybereason. Cybereason’s success is fueled by customer and industry response to its military-grade real time threat hunting solution, the Cybereason Detection and Response Platform. The Cybereason platform automatically detects attacker activities to better understand their actions and stop them from causing damage. It was built by a team that spent decades immersed in nation-state cyber operations, providing them with a comprehensive understanding of hackers’ methodologies and mindsets. Today, Cybereason’s platform and services are used by the security operation centers and incident response teams of the world’s most targeted Fortune 500 companies. The company has received many awards and accolades since its founding. Most recently, Cybereason topped a Gartner list of endpoint detection and response vendors. Juniper Research named Cybereason one of the Top Three Disruptive Innovators to watch in 2016. SC Magazine named Cybereason the 2016 ‘Rookie Security Company of the Year.’ Also, CEO Lior Div was a 2016 EY Entrepreneur of the Year New England Finalist. In addition, Infosecurity Products Guide named Div ‘2016 CEO of the Year’ and Computer Reseller News recognized Cybereason for having one of the 16 ‘hottest’ products launched at Black Hat 2016. And Dark Reading named the company one of the ‘20 Cyber Security Startups to Watch in 2016.’ About Cybereason: Founded by members of the Israeli intelligence agency’s elite cybersecurity Unit 8200, the Cybereason platform mirrors the founders’ expertise in managing some of the world’s most complex hacking operations. The Cybereason Detection and Response Platform leverages big data, behavioral analytics and machine learning to uncover, in real-time, complex cyberattacks designed to evade traditional defenses. It automates the investigation process, connects isolated malicious events and visually presents a full malicious operation. The platform is available as an on-premise solution or a cloud-based service. Cybereason is privately held and headquartered in Boston with offices in Tel Aviv and Tokyo. For more information, please visit: Website: http://www.cybereason.com Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/Cybereason Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/Cybereason LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/cybereason Media Contact: Bill Keeler Director, Public Relations Cybereason bill.keeler(at)cybereason(dot)com (508) 414-7755 (cell) For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13855362.htm Latest News Envago: The first marketplace for adventure travel Trek North: The Best Destination to Book Cairns Tours If You Drink Water, You Need This! Justlooking.com launches a groundbreaking new consumer deal sharing and ranking platform InventHelp Invention Eliminates Blind Spots for Drivers (TOR-9584) InventHelp Inventor Creates An Improved Baiting Device (SUU-339) InventHelp Inventor Creates Improved Smartphone/Tablet Case (SUU-337) InventHelp Inventor Develops Trash-Can Accessory (STU-2119) InventHelp Inventors Develop Accessories for Customizing Musical Instruments (STU-2113) InventHelp Inventor Develops Carpet-Cleaning Tool for Pet Owners and Carpet Cleaning Companies/Manufacturers (STU-2076) © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. There's Work Going On To Bring Vulkan To Chromium/Chrome OS Written by Michael Larabel in Google on 16 November 2016 at 09:02 AM EST. 5 Comments While Android already supports Vulkan, Chrome/Chromium OS currently does not support this newest graphics API from The Khronos Group. However, there is work underway in supporting Vulkan on Chromium OS. Chad Versace, a former Intel OTC graphics driver developer who joined Google earlier this year, is working on bringing Vulkan to the open-source Chromium OS and likely from there into Chrome OS officially. This Git repository by Chad is being used to formulate the Vulkan support for Chromium OS. There is some documentation, six new VK_CHROMIUM_* extensions for DMA-BUF import/export, code examples and more. Before getting too excited, the Git repository documentation notes, "This is an early work-in-progress. Beware of dragons lurking in the dark." It will be interesting to see where this work leads and when Chrome OS ends up officially adding Vulkan support. 5 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Google News Chrome/Chromium On Linux Adds Motion Sensors Support Chrome/Chromium Now Enabling WebGL 2 By Default On The Desktop Google Working On Open-Source TPM 2.0 Implementation Chrome 55 Beta Brings Async/Await To JavaScript Google Releases Chrome 54 Web-Browser Google Reveals Early Details About Android 7.1 Popular News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME 3.22.2 Released GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Latest Linux News Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9 Has Tear-Free PRIME Offloading Between Intel & AMDGPU POWER8 Talos Workstation Drops Price Slightly, Long Way From Being Funded WSL-Distribution-Switcher Swaps Out Ubuntu For Other Distros On Windows Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Now Has Patches For Fast Clears Enhanced File Stats Being Worked On For The Linux Kernel GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan Hits New Milestone New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau EGL_ANDROID_native_fence_sync Patches For Mesa Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Axiomtek’s Newest Compact Network Appliance for SOHO Network Security Applications – The NA345 Axiomtek’s Newest Compact Network Appliance for SOHO Network Security Applications – The NA345 Axiomtek releases its newest compact network appliance for small office/home office (SOHO) network security applications. City of Industry, CA, November 16, 2016 –(PR.com)– Axiomtek, one of the world’s leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the NA345, a compact network security appliance featuring the latest low power consumption Intel® Atom™ x5-E3930 processor (1.8 GHz), which is based on Intel®’s next generation entry-level Internet of Things Group (IoTG) platform with 14nm silicon process technology. This compact network appliance features four Gigabit Ethernet ports (Intel® i211 controller) and one optional pair LAN bypass to protect important communications during power outages – making it highly reliable and perfectly suited for small office/home office (SOHO) network security applications. For extensive storage needs, this network appliance also comes with one mSATA and 2.5” SATA hard disk drive. The compact NA345 is equipped with a low power consumption processor and high system stability to deliver significant benefits in performance and total cost of ownership, giving customers a higher return on their investment. This slim type network appliance is an ideal solution for VPNs, content filtering, Unified Threat Management systems (UTM), network security gateways, and firewalls. “To enhance network security reliability, the new NA345 supports data protection via one group latch-type LAN bypass function for fail-over option and features BIOS redirection to a console port,” said Product Manager Eva Wu. “The NA345 is a slim-type network appliance, perfect for space constricting environments while also providing extensive flexibility, scalability and field-proven reliability for all of your SOHO network security project needs.” The NA345 also comes with rich I/O options including two USB 3.0 ports, a serial console port, four RJ-45 console connectors and an HDMI port. The system’s internal PCI Express Mini Card socket enables the addition of Wi-Fi/3G/4G/LTE wireless cards for extensive communication options. The NA345 supports one DDR3L-1600 SO-DIMM slot with maximum of up to 8GB memory. Front-facing LED indicators are available for convenient monitoring of power, hard disk status, link activity with transfer rate, and LAN bypass. Moreover, to ensure reliable operation, the NA345 supports watchdog timer. This compact network communication platform is compatible with Windows® 10 and Linux (Yocto project) operating systems. NA345, Axiomtek’s 4-LAN network appliance, will be available in Q4 2016. For more product information or ODM/OEM projects, please visit us at us.axiomtek.com or contact one of our sales representatives at solutions@axiomtek.com. Main Features – Intel® Atom™ x5-E3930 processor up to 1.8 GHz – Supports up to 8GB DDR3L-1600 SO-DIMM system memory – EN 60950-1, FCC Class B and CE Class B certifications – Supports four 10/100/1000 Mbps Ethernet ports (maximum up to six Ethernet ports by request) – One pair LAN bypass (optional) – Supports Wi-Fi/3G/4G/LTE through PCI Express Mini Card – Supports BIOS redirection to COM port – Supports Windows® 10 and Linux operating systems – Slim and compact design in the size of 44 mm (1.73″) (H) x 231.9 mm (9.00″) (W) x 152mm (5.98″) (D) About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world’s leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 16, 2016November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: George Clinical Scientific Leader to Give Talks on Text Messaging Platform That Improves Health Outcomes and Mobilizes Clinical Research Next Next post: Train the Trainer E-learning: CommLab India’s Amazing Thanksgiving Gift Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress

null
It's On MyTV Everything on TV Menu Skip to content Breaking News Sports NFL MLB NBA COLLEGE Football NHL Boxing NCAAB PGA Tennis SOCCER Reality TV Technology World Search for: Costco Wholesale dazzling Black Friday Ads for early shoppers: Save 60% on Fitness equipments, holiday decor, earrings November 20, 2016Business and Shoppingblack friday ads at costco, costco ads, costco black friday 2016, costco black friday ads, costco wholesale black fridayHarlan Busto Costo Wholesale ads has already been circulating around the web as shoppers are looking for the best deals. With the biggest shopping festival Black Friday is nearing, retailers across nation are stocking up great inventories to surprise their shoppers. There will be huge price slash on many popular products such as Surface Pro 4 from Microsoft and Apple Products. For some serious bargain deals you must look at Costco Wholesale Black Friday 2016 ads, which has everything from home improvement, kitchen electrics, winter apparel and more. Costco Black Friday 2016 ad deals in-store and online both begin at 9AM on Black Friday 25th to 28th November, we still expect Costco to offer special deals on Thanksgiving. Costco’s in-store Black Friday deals are worth looking at, they are no less than any doorbuster deals. You can save up to 60% on fitness equipments, 4K Ultra HDTVs, kitchen appliances, home improvements and holiday decor stuff. Additional savings can be attained via coupons, promo codes and special offers. Home cleaning will get fun if you have Dyson Ball Complete Upright Vacuum which is offered at $289.99 with a massive cut of $160 from regular price. Dyson V6 Motorhead + Cordless Rechargeable Stick Vacuum comes to you at a discount of $105. Save $20 on NutriBullet Prime and Waterpik Ultra & Nano Water Flosser Combo offered at $79.99 and 59.99 respectively. 40% off on Memory Foam Topper is definitely a deal worth stealing. There is huge price cut on luxurious jewellery under Costco Black Friday 2016 deals. 1.00-cttw Round Brilliant Diamond Pendant is featured at $1,199.99 (was 1,399.99) and 1.40-cttw. Princess Cut Diamond Stud Earrings is available at $3,599.99 (was $3,999.99). Getting Celeste Ladies Wool Scarf (Assorted Colors) at $23.99 is a deal that no women would like to miss. Celeste Ladies Wool/Cashmere Sweater (Assorted Colors) is offered at $39.99 (was $49.99). Hunter 52-in. 3-Light Brushed Nickel Fan w/ Remote and Hunter 52-in. 3-Light New Bronze Finish Fan w/ Remote both are featured at $79.99 (savings $20). Add style to your living room by purchasing Venezia 4-pc Top Grain Leather Set w/ Ottoman that has a massive discount of $800 and available to shop at $2.999.99 only. Blendtec Pro 750 Blender w/ Wildside+ & Mini Wildside Jars has $100 off, available at $469.99. No other dealer would give you $1000 discount on Aquaterra Spas Montecito 45-Jet 6-Person Spa like Costco does, get it at $2,999.99. The lavish Osaki OS-3D Pro Cyber Massage Chair is offered at $3,399.99 ($600 off) and Saeco Fully Automatic Espresso Machine can come to you at $319.99 ($80 off). Shopper can take advantage of buying Comfort Tech 10-in. Serene Foam Queen Mattress which is now offered at $349.99 cutting $100 from regular price. Build-A-Bear Workshop Gift Cards (4 $25 Cards) $69.99 can be the best gift for craft lovers. There is also $500 off on Vinotemp 155-Bottle Dual-Zone Connoisseur Series Wine Cooler available at $1499.99 Leave a comment Best Black Friday Deals at WALMART: Shoppers are enticed thru leaked ads and flyers, Lowest Prices available at Wal-mart November 20, 2016Business and Shoppingwalmart 2016 ads, walmart ads released, walmart black friday, walmart black friday ad, walmart black friday ads, walmart black friday deals, walmart black friday leaked ads, walmart doorbuster deals, walmart iphone 7, walmart iphone deals, walmart online deals, walmart online sales, walmart opening hours, walmart thanksgivingClay Hayes   Black Friday 2016 is coming so fast that online and store shoppers alike are looking for the best deals at Walmart through its leaked ads and flyers. Walmart Black Friday deals online begin on Thanksgiving Thursday at 12AM and In-store deals open at 6PM on same day – 24th November. Like every year few stores will be offering wristbands for customer’s hassle-free shopping and also there are some special discounted deals offered for people having Walmart App, all app orders will be shipped at home– go ahead download it for free! Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad is finally here. We are now less than a week away from Black Friday, and the buzz for shopping is going on a high note with each day passing by. After electronic deals, more and more people are looking to grab great deal on Apparel and Home electronics. While many retailers only have discounted deals on few particular items, Walmart 2016 Black Friday ads can be of huge savings on all products.   We already love what Walmart is offering on electronic and mobile deal such as Philips 55″ 4K UHDTV at $298, Xbox/PS4 at just $27 and $250 worth Gift Card on Apple’s iPhone 7 with installment billing agreement from AT&T, Sprint or Verizon. Let’s see the offers coming from Walmart on Black Friday on Apparel and Home Electronics. Walmart Black Friday Deals on Kids/Women apparel Choice of sleepwear should be important, as having relaxing bedtime helps overall mental and physical development. If you are looking to comfort your child with soft and cozy sleepwear then you should consider Walmart’s range of sleepwear for children. Toddler’s parents can buy Infant/Toddler 2-pc. Character Cotton Sleepwear Set (Assorted) or Kids Healthtex 2-pc. Fleece Sleapwear Set (Assorted) both offered at $4.75 each. For boys and girls sized 4 to 16 can go with these vibrant options – Boys 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted Styles) or Girls 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted) all at $4.75 each. Kids Character Slippers (Assorted) are also available at $4.75. Under special buy Walmart has Boys or Girls 1-pc. Character Sleepwear (Assorted Styles) priced at $8.50 and Faded Glory Boys Orange 1/4-Zip Fleece Hoodie can be purchased at $4.75 only. Walmart Black Friday is also offering Character Backpack (Assorted Styles) for children at $5.50 only. Wrangler Boys Straight Jeans are now cheaper with Walmart deals, get them at $8.50. Ladies throw all your old and boring sleepwear and winter wear, because Walmart Black Friday deals can prove beneficial for you. Buy Union Suit Womens Sleepwear (Assorted Colors) and Womens 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted Colors) at just $9 each. The very stylish Cuddl Duds Womens Climate Right 2-pc. Thermal Set (Assorted Colors) can be availed at $9, also save $6 on Riders by Lee Womens Fleece-Lined Shirt (Assorted Colors) offered now at $9. For warp lovers, Walmart has Womens Character Cozy Wrap (Assorted) priced at $9. Complete your shopping by getting the right apparel match, you can buy funky looking Womens Novelty Character Slippers (Assorted) and colourful Womens Fleece-Lined Leggings (2-pk.) at special price of $7 each. Womens Cozy Fleece Sleep Pants (Assorted Designs) and Womens Muk Luks Cozy Slipper Socks (Assorted Designs) both are offered $4.50 each. Also be winter ready with Womens Knee-High Socks (Assorted) offered at $4.50 only. If you love Emoji Beanies don’t forget to buy them at $3. Leave a comment Posts navigation ← Older posts HEADLINES Costco Wholesale dazzling Black Friday Ads for early shoppers: Save 60% on Fitness equipments, holiday decor, earrings November 20, 2016 Best Black Friday Deals at WALMART: Shoppers are enticed thru leaked ads and flyers, Lowest Prices available at Wal-mart November 20, 2016 Like Us On Facebook Pages About US Contact US Privacy Policy blogging November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News Top Stories General Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Finance Showtime Nollywood Music Videos Celebrities AMAA Music Artists Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News International Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | Showtime | Jumia Announces 12 Days Of Black Friday Meet World?s Fattest Man As He Struggles To Walk Beautiful Nigerian Singer: I Am Ready To Lose My Virginity To Davido Jumia Announces 12 Days Of Black Friday Larry Nwabuoku 16/11/2016 05:43:00 8 0 View Comments Jumia Announces 12 Days Of Black Friday Online retail giant, Jumia Nigeria has announced the date and categories for the 2016 Black Friday sales event! This year, Jumia Black Friday will take place for 12 days from Monday November 14th to Friday, November 25th 2016 on all Jumia websites – Jumia Mall. Top brands like AXA Mansard, MTN, Binatone, Innjoo, Infinix, Poly Star, HP, Intel, Etihad airways have partnered with Jumia to bring to Nigerians the largest shopping event of the year. Here’s what Jumia Black Friday shoppers can expect this year. The 12 days of Black Friday promotional deals will be in all categories including: fashion, electronics, phones, computers, home, baby, health and beauty – up to 70% discount of regular prices with over 100,000 deals from 2,500 vendors Highlight offerings from brands like PolyStar, HP, Binatone, Nikon, Pampers and Apple. In addition to mouthwatering deals, this year’s Jumia Black Friday features an online giveaway for every customer who spends N10,000 and above. Lucky customer winners will win an iPhone 7, a PS4 console, two economy class Etihad tickets and two business class tickets. Nigerian customers are reminded to visit all Jumia stores during Black Friday including Jumia Food and Jumia Market, the largest and safest marketplace online where buyers can safely interact with sellers for juicy Black Friday deals. During last year’s Jumia Black Friday that took place on November 27 2015, more than 2.3 million Nigerians visited Jumia. Following the impressive volume of orders during last year, this year’s sales event has been expanded to reach even more customers. “This year’s Jumia Black Friday is designed to offer our customers more days, more deals and more convenience and to deliver on better customer service to our shoppers,” said Juliet Anammah, CEO Jumia Nigeria. While commenting, the CEO Jumia Market, Sefik Bagdadioglu stated that “Jumia Black Friday is an exciting time for everyone in the Jumia Market community. Our sellers can reach up to 15x their daily volumes in sales and our buyers will have incredible bargains to enjoy. An early Christmas!” The deals are expected to go fast, on a first come, first serve basis, so customers are encouraged to download the Jumia app and subscribe to the Jumia newsletter for real time notifications on the featured sales, deals and daily offerings which will commence November 14th and run until November 25th 2016. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: Showtime view more articles About Article Author Webby View More Articles Related Articles Ondo Election: Buhari Accused Of Arresting Judgement PDP BoT Member Reveals: Read Why Buhari;s Anti Corruption War Will Fail Cossy Orjiakor Finally Speak out: I Wasn?t Detained In The US Because Of My Breasts Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest Nigeria News 6 Guaranteed Politicians Tinubu Would Rely On As APC Crisis Thickens Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers TOUCHING! Meet The 'Okada Man' Who Has No Fingers On His Hands (Photos) SAD!Pregnant Woman Dies, Daughter Husband Injured In Car Crash Fatal Accident Along Benin Highway Leaves 20 Dead (Photos) Ghastly Accident At Ikeja-Along This Morning (Photo) SAD! Naked Corpses Of Rape Victims Dumped In Ikorodu, Lagos (Graphic Photos) Top 5 Deadliest Bank Robberies Across Nigeria In 2015 (Photos) Notorious Armed Robbers Police Arrested In Port Harcourt (Photo) SAD: Vehicle Crushes 4 Year Old Girl In Mother’s Shop In Lagos Cult Members Kill 2 Traders Over Toll Ooni of Ife’s Coronation Ceremony Begins (Photos) Prostitution In Nigeria: 3500 Male Sex Workers Discovered In Abuja Deplorable State Of Nigerians Deported From The UK Murtala Muhammed’s Uncle, Magajin Garin Kano, Dies At 98 Funny! Driver Fakes Own Death To Evade Fine In Calabar (Photo) Little Girl, Kehinde Adebiyi Suffering From Cancer Needs Your Help Port Harcourt As Residents Dig Up Frozen Chicken Buried By Custom Officials Wickedness! New-Born Baby Found In A Bush In Ilorin (Graphic Photos) Police Shoots Bus Driver Dead At FESTAC/Mile 2 Road, Lagos (Video) I Have Forgiven My Critics - Ooni Of Ife-Elect, Adeyeye Ogunwusi Student Shot Dead By Alleged Cultists At Imo State University Yesterday Woman Gives Birth To A 'Mystery Baby' In Lagos (Photos) Touching! One Legged Man Washing A Car While Balancing On A Stick (Video) OMG! See The Long Snake Found In A Nigerian Student's Locker (Photos) Military Pilot Who Died In Yola Plane Crash Buried (Photos) More from Showtime show all articles Popular Articles Nood Photos of 24-year-old Ukrainian Girl Appointed Minister Floods the Internet BREAKING: Dasuki dies in Abuja "Boko Haram Can’t Exist If I Were President" – Atiku Abubakar Fight Breaks Out During Distribution Of Relief Materials To Refugees In Abuja IDP Camp Militancy: NDRPP assures on recovery of arms, end to illegal oil bunkering Recommended Ondo Election: Buhari Accused Of Arresting Judgement PDP BoT Member Reveals: Read Why Buhari;s Anti Corruption War Will Fail President Buhari Inaugurates Boards Of NNPC, NCDMB And NNRA LifeStyle Articles 10 Top Secrets To A Successful Life Her Parents Banned Them From Being Together 65 Years Ago, Now They Are Finally Getting Married How Long Should You Wait Before Having S3x In A New Relationship? 9 Nigerian Confessions About Relationships That Will Blow Your Mind Fast Rising Actress Reveals: Married Men Ask Me For S3x How To Know If You Are A Member Of A Cult? Why Nigerian Ladies Die For Men With Big P3nis Read Shocking Reasons Why Woman Marry Her Boyfriend Who Infected Her Wit HIV Economic S3x: 1 Important Thing To Remember Apply Perfume On This Body Part if You Want It To Last All Day Most Read Articles Cristiano Ronaldo sends strong warning to Messi by scoring a hat-trick – Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid defeated Atletico Madrid 3-0 on Saturday, November 19, 2016 in an explosive duel – The victory sends NASA cameras capture huge blue spherical object A huge blue sphere was picked up by cameras on the STEREO HI1 satellite UFO hunter Pamela Johnson claims the Sun started reacting to the objectThere Nigeria crash out of the World Cup despite win over Spain Despite a superb comeback by the Falconets to defeat Spain 2 – 1 in their last group game of the ongoing FIFA u20 Womens World Amazing: Governor Fayose bags Igbo chieftaincy title, his reaction was epic (photos) Governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti state has been conferred with an Igbo chieftaincy title, NAIJ.com has gathered. The radical and outspoken governor was conferred the Nwannedinamba Ndigbo Sam Burgess flashes his nipple as he enjoys breakfast with pregnant wife Phoebe in Sydney By Bianca La Cioppa and Hannah Moore For Daily Mail Australia Published: 22:32 EST, 19 November 2016 | Updated: 22:38 EST, 19 show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Godwin Obaseki Sworn In As Edo Governor (Photos) Godwin Obaseki has been sworn in as Edo state governor in a colour ceremony attended by people from all walks of life See photos:         View gallery 9 Photos Leak Photos: Lagos Pornstar Releases Eye Popping Photos And Video With His N@ked Girls Popular Nigerian porn film actor producer identified only as King T.blak who is the founder and CEO of H.O.C Lifestyle, has taken to his social View gallery 9 Photos World News FC Platinum massacre Bosso 0 Wales University NOT for Aspiring Zimbabwean Students 0 Security guards cash in on desperate sex vendors 0 show all articles Popular Articles Royal Navy's Andrew Thompson who 'hounded' pilot Hannah Leask is sacked 0 Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out 0 What a disgrace! Elderly man with a walking stick is left to stand on a packed train as not a single commuter offers him a seat 0 show all articles Latest News This Little Boy Was Found Wandering On The Streets Of Lagos After Mid Night. Photos 0 Gunmen Abduct Ex-minister In Front Of President Buhari Nephew’s House 0 Adams Oshiomhole And His Pretty Wife Iara Hosted To A Grand Reception In Auchi. Photos 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.
null
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / NASDAQ Most Active Stocks – Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ: FB), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), JD.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: JD), Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI NASDAQ Most Active Stocks – Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ: FB), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), JD.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: JD), Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI posted by David Red on November 16, 2016 at 11:10 am NASDAQ Most Active Stocks – Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ: FB), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), JD.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: JD), Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI) was trading at $4.58 0.095, up ▲ 2.12 percent on 78,855,293 total share volume. JD.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: JD) was trading at $26.41 2.70, up ▲ 11.39 percent on 37,161,813 total share volume. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) was trading at $58.87 1.14, up ▲ 1.97 percent on 33,380,248 total share volume. Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) was trading at $117.20 2.12, up ▲ 1.84 percent on 32,346,822 total share volume. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) was trading at $107.11 1.40, up ▲ 1.32 percent on 31,090,177 total share volume. PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (NASDAQ: QQQ) was trading at $116.22 1.59, up ▲ 1.39 percent on 28,366,196 total share volume. Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: MU) was trading at $18.10 0.39, up ▲ 2.20 percent on 24,855,387 total share volume. Bancshares Incorporated (NASDAQ: HBAN) was trading at $11.96 unch 24,617,287 total share volume. Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) was trading at $31.70 0.33, up ▲ 1.05 percent on 23,445,292 total share volume. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) was trading at $34.91 0.43, up ▲ 1.25 percent on 20,004,806 total share volume. Groupon, Inc. (NASDAQ: GRPN) was trading at $4.02 0.02, up ▲ 0.50 percent on 18,420,737 total share volume. VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX Short Term ETN (NASDAQ: XIV) was trading at $40.77 1.68, up ▲ 4.30 percent on 17,317,795 total share volume. PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: PYPL) was trading at $38.94 0.13, up ▲ 0.33 percent on 15,795,594 total share volume. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA) was trading at $86.19 2.55, up ▲ 3.05 percent on 15,237,130 total share volume. Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA) was trading at $66.98 0.28, down ▼ 0.42 percent on 14,652,494 total share volume. Frontier Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: FTR) was trading at $3.30 0.06, up ▲ 1.85 percent on 13,438,966 total share volume. Activision Blizzard, Inc (NASDAQ: ATVI) was trading at $38.53 0.76, up ▲ 2.01 percent on 12,904,695 total share volume. American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: AAL) was trading at $44.76 1.36, up ▲ 3.13 percent on 12,890,838 total share volume. Mentor Graphics Corporation (NASDAQ: MENT) was trading at $36.86 0.57, up ▲ 1.57 percent on 12,645,775 total share volume. Applied Materials, Inc. Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMAT) was trading at $29.61 0.62, up ▲ 2.14 percent on 11,998,024 total share volume. About David Red View all posts by David Red → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Metatrader Brokers Spot Trade Source of Wealthy Information Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2016 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. ×
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. The MSI Trident Is The World's Smallest VR Gaming PC Gizmodo Australia 4 days ago Campbell Simpson < PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 4 NEXT SLIDE > © Supplied Virtual reality is great and all, but it needs a little more space -- especially if you're using a room-scale HTC Vive. And that probably means you're going to want to set up your powerful VR gaming PC in an open area like your living room. And that means you're going to want a PC that can hide out of the way in your TV cabinet. Enter the MSI Trident, the world's smallest VR-ready PC. While it doesn't have the outright dual GTX 1080-powered gaming grunt of this custom-made miniature rig, the MSI Trident is small -- measuring 346x232x71mm, it's tiny enough that you could hide it underneath a PS4 Pro or Xbox One S. It's a hell of a lot more powerful than either of those consoles, though: with the option of up to a Core i7-6700 quad-core CPU (with an i5-6400 dual-core as an entry-level variant) running on a custom-built motherboard with Intel's H110 chipset and integrated dual-band 802.11ac wi-fi, the VR-friendly part comes from a half-length Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 -- meaning you should be able to run any recent SteamVR or Oculus Store title with decent graphics quality. Rounding out the "this is a pretty damn versatile PC for its size" package is the option for a 2.5-inch hard drive or SSD in an internal bay, a M.2 PCI-Express SSD slot, and a couple of SO-DIMM slots for up to 32GB of DDR4 RAM. It's also good to see a USB Type-C port on the Trident's front panel, as well as a front HDMI output to hook up a virtual reality headset without having to reach behind the machine. Everything is sufficiently cooled, says MSI, despite the case itself only measuring 4.7 litres in volume -- a significant drop from the 6.5-litre Vortex G65. There's no pricing or visibility on Aussie release dates for the MSI Trident just yet, but we'll let you know as soon as we find out. [MSI] Go to MSN Home More in News Smoke visible for miles as firefighters tackle huge blaze near Heathrow Evening Standard Blundering Boris Johnson accused of taking wrong notes to Brexit meeting Mirror Farage U-turn as he says he would stand for election again in South Thanet The Guardian Angela Merkel to seek fourth term as German chancellor Sky News Ship evacuated off Dover as Storm Angus hits UK Sky News Chancellor warns of 'eye-watering' Brexit debt Sky News Up Next Duchess of York seeks £25m damages over Mazher Mahmood sting The Guardian More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From Gizmodo Australia Photokina 2016: All the new cameras unveiled Gizmodo Australia Now you can read books without opening them Gizmodo Australia Einstein's smelly leather jacket sold for almost $150,000 Gizmodo Australia Gizmodo Australia View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Follow Politics Stories Resize Text Print Article Comments 70+ Politics The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new Politics stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PowerPost Follow @powerpost Get The Daily 202 Newsletter Subscribe Lobbying Follow Politics Stories Lobbyists in the running for Trump Cabinet jobs, despite ‘drain the swamp’ pledge Politics The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new Politics stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Catherine Ho November 16 Follow @WapoCat President-elect Donald Trump delivers remarks to members of the news media during a meeting with President Obama (not pictured) in the Oval Office on Nov. 10. (EPA/MICHAEL REYNOLDS) President-elect Donald Trump’s stated plan to keep lobbyists out of his administration is off to a bumpy start, with questions being raised about the role they are already playing on his transition team. Now, attention is turning to whether Trump will nominate members of his Cabinet who hail from K Street. Nominating a lobbyist to serve as the head of a department would require Trump to roll back ethics restrictions put in place by President Obama, according to ethics experts, a move that would run counter to his campaign promise to end the influence of special interests in Washington. At least two people Trump’s transition team is considering for cabinet rank positions have ties to the lobbying world. Trump’s military adviser Mike Flynn, who runs a consulting firm that lobbies on defense matters, is being considered for Defense Secretary. And Jeffrey Holmstead, whose name has been floated in several reports as a potential EPA administrator, lobbies for energy companies. “If president-elect Trump is serious about this, the first thing he ought to do is make sure, in the ethics area, that he continues the existing executive order,” said Fred Wertheimer of the government watchdog group Democracy 21. “If [Trump] repeals this executive order, as opposed to keeping it or strengthening it, it will send a very important signal that the new president is not really interested in draining the swamp.” [Trump victory could mean big business for K Street] Flynn’s consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, recently filed paperwork to lobby for the Dutch company Inovo BV on bills authorizing Pentagon and State Department programs, according to a disclosure report filed in September, though it is unclear what parts of the legislation his firm is targeting. Holmstead is a lobbyist and lawyer at the law firm Bracewell — the former firm of ex-New York mayor and Trump ally Rudy Giuliani. He was deputy EPA administrator in the George W. Bush administration and now lobbies for Duke Energy, DTE Energy and other energy companies before the EPA, according to lobbying records. Bracewell was previously known as Bracewell Giuliani until earlier this year, when Giuliani left to join the law and lobby firm Greenberg Traurig. Ethics experts say it would be unusual for a lobbyist to become a Cabinet secretary, though some who work in the influence industry have been nominated in previous administrations and others have assumed top deputy positions, including in the Obama administration. “I don’t recall lobbyists taking cabinet level positions,” said Jan Baran, an election law and lobbying ethics expert at the law firm Wiley Rein. Baran noted, though, that the idea of a registered lobbyist is relatively new. It is not unusual for a president-elect to consider people from the lobbying industry for lower-ranking jobs in the administration or to lead independent agencies — FCC chairman Tom Wheeler, for example, used to be a cable industry lobbyist. Despite championing restrictions on lobbyist serving in his administration, Obama faced tensions over the issue as well. In 2008, Obama nominated Tom Daschle as Health and Human Services secretary, but Daschle withdrew after questions arose over unpaid taxes and his work for health care and other private sector firms. While Daschle was not a registered lobbyist, critics said the work he did for corporate clients was essentially lobbying by a different name. [Lobbying registrations are down, but the influence industry is flourishing] Obama also nominated William Lynn, then a lobbyist at the defense contractor Raytheon, as deputy Defense secretary — which forced the newly elected president to issue a waiver walking back the lobbyist ban he had just signed. [Obama Nominee Runs Into New Lobby Rules] For Trump, the issue is of increased importance because of the promises he made on the campaign trail and the anti-establishment wave he rode to victory. Last month, Trump proposed changes to lobbying ethics rules that would make it much harder for government and elected officials to become lobbyists after leaving office by extending the current “cooling off period” — the time period that lawmakers and administration officials must wait before lobbying their former colleagues — from one or two years to five years. He also said he would enact a lifetime ban on senior executive branch officials from becoming lobbyists for foreign countries, and close a loophole in federal lobbying laws that currently allows people who spend less than 20 percent of their time lobbying for a single client to avoid registering as a lobbyist. [Trump proposes five-year ban on executive branch officials and lawmakers who want to become lobbyists] Trump appears to be softening some of his anti-lobbyists rhetoric, telling CBS’s 60 Minutes on Sunday that it’s hard to find people to work in the government who don’t have some ties to the lobbying industry. “Everybody that works for government, they then leave government and become a lobbyist, essentially,” Trump said. “I mean, the whole place is one big lobbyist.” powerpost powerpost false endOfArticle true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 70+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Catherine Ho covers lobbying at The Washington Post. Follow @WapoCat 78 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Donald Trump, America’s first independent president 2 Trump, Romney have ‘far-reaching conversation’ at meeting 3 Trump and Pence vs. ‘Hamilton’ cast: A collision of two Americas 4 For Trump adviser Stephen Bannon, fiery populism followed life in elite circles 5 Congressional phones jammed by calls for Trump conflict-of-interest investigation powerpost powerpost Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Monday, November 21, 2016 02:48 (GMT+8) Taipei 23°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: ASE equipment 10nm SMIC IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components Article Comments (0) Related content Company info Print Email Nvidia and MediaTek fastest-growing semiconductor companies for 2016, says IC Insights Jessie Shen, DIGITIMES, Taipei [Wednesday 16 November 2016] The top-20 semiconductor companies' sales are forecast to increase by 3% in 2016, according to IC Insights. Among them, five companies are forecast to enjoy double-digit sales growth in 2016 while four are expected to experience double-digit decreases. The fastest growing top-20 company in 2016 is forecast to be US-based Nvidia, which is expected to post a 35% on-year increase in sales, said IC Insights. The company is riding a surge of demand for its GPUs and Tegra processors in its latest quarter ended October 30, 2016. The second-fastest growing top-20 company in 2016 is expected to be Taiwan-based MediaTek, which is forecast to post a 29% increase in sales, IC Insights indicated. Although worldwide smartphone unit volume sales are expected to increase by only 4% in 2016, MediaTek's application processor shipments to fast-growing China-based smartphone suppliers, such as Oppo and Vivo, are forecast to help drive its 2016 increase. Apple, Toshiba and TSMC are the other semiconductor companies that will see their 2016 sales register double-digit increases, IC Insights noted. Nine of the top-20 companies are forecast to have sales of at least US$10 billion in 2016, and it is expected to take about US$4.5 billion in sales just to make it into the top-20 semiconductor supplier list, IC Insights said. Moreover, if Qualcomm's purchase of NXP is completed, as is expected in late 2017, the combined annual semiconductor sales of these two companies will likely be over US$25 billion going forward, IC Insights indicated. Intel is forecast to remain firmly in control of the number one spot in the top-20 ranking in 2016, IC Insights said. In fact, Intel is expected to increase its lead over Samsung's semiconductor sales from 24% in 2015 to 29% in 2016. The biggest upward move in the ranking is forecast to be made by Apple, which is expected to jump up three positions in the 2016 ranking as compared to 2015. Other companies that are forecast to make noticeable moves up the ranking include MediaTek and Nvidia, with each company expected to improve by two positions. Apple is an anomaly in the top-20 ranking with regards to major semiconductor suppliers. The company designs and uses its processors only in its own products – there are no sales of the company's MPUs to other system makers. IC Insights estimated that Apple's custom ARM-based SoC processors will have a "sales value" of US$6.5 billion in 2016, which will place it in the 14th position in the forecast top-20 ranking. Given the possible acquisitions and mergers that could/will occur over the next few years (e.g., Qualcomm and NXP), the top-20 ranking is likely to undergo a significant amount of upheaval as the semiconductor industry continues along its path to maturity, IC Insights believes. Tweet Categories: Bits + chips IC design, distribution IC manufacturing Memory chips Tags: 2016 IC IC Insights MediaTek Nvidia semiconductor Companies: MediaTek Related stories Taiwan IC design houses to benefit from strong smartphone shipments by Oppo, Vivo (Nov 14) MediaTek expects 4Q16 revenues to fall up to 15% (Nov 1) Value of semiconductor industry M&A agreements already over US$50 billion, says IC Insights (Sep 23) Nvidia sees tight graphics card supply; to release GTX 1050 in late September (Sep 9) Nvidia unveils Tegra Parker mobile SoC (Aug 24) IC Insights releases top-20 semiconductor suppliers in 1Q16 (May 16) Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home Magazine & Supplements Current Issue Digital Editions Archives Monitoring Today Professional Security Canada Newswire Exclusives SDM 100 Report Top Systems Integrators Report Annual Industry Forecast State of the Market Series Dealer of the Year Systems Integrator of the Year CSAA Central Station Excellence Awards Blog Topics Trends & Industry Issues Video Solutions Access Control & Identification More Columns Editor's Angle 5-Minute Tech Quiz Security & the Law Security Networkings Digital Shuffle Technology @ Work Insider News & Business Home Technology Now Today's Systems Integrator Marketing Madmen Sales Stars Events Industry Calendar SDM 100 Gala @ ESX Webinars Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos Mobile App Polls More Classified Ad eNewsletters Market Research Security Media Group Custom Content & Marketing Services SDM Store White Papers Sponsor Insights Directories Buyers Guide Take a Tour Guide to Distributors Guide to Central Stations & Monitoring Contact Advertise Home » LCD Touchscreen Allows Configuration Of Storage Industry InnovationsISC West LCD Touchscreen Allows Configuration Of Storage See At ISC East Booth 459 November 16, 2016 KEYWORDS video storage / video surveillance Reprints No Comments The Xeon Touch offers instant access, control and configuration via a built-­in 8-in. LCD touch screen mounted behind one of the front doors. Using Intel Xeon technology, this system is particularly well suited for use with central and/or distributed video management software such as Milestone XProtect Corporate, Expert and Enterprise. Offering up to 40TB of video storage from hard drives mounted in the five available tray-less, lockable and removable hard drive bays, the SVR Xeon Touch can record up to 200MP from connected IP cameras when running central and/or distributed video management software. The majority of the systems we design and build start from a bid or application specification rather than from one of our platforms. The experience we’ve gained over 15 years allows us to put a build specification together to meet a bid or application requirements accurately, reliably and keep within budget. Sentry Security Systems | www.poweredbysentry.ca   For more featured technologies and products from ISC East 2016, click here.   Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to SDM Magazine.  Related Articles Storage For Mission-Critical Surveillance 4k Ultra High Resolution LED–LCD Monitor 1.5u Server Features 2 Drive Drawers Software allows remote control of touchscreen Related Products Effective Security Management, Fifth Edition Photonic Sensing: Principles and Applications for Safety and Security Monitoring Physical Security and Safety: A Field Guide for the Practitioner Hospitality Security: Managing Security in Today's Hotel, Lodging, Entertainment, and Tourism Environment Related Events Edge Storage Axis Thermal Cameras Creating & Implementing Templates AXIS Camera Management Related Directories Tatung Co. of America Inc. Kouba & Assoc. Inc. BCDVideo I-View Now You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions SDM eNewsletter & Other eNews Alerts Online Registration Subscription Customer Service More Videos   Events March 31, 2016 Active Shooters: Minimize Impact with Two-Way, Mass-Communications System ON DEMAND Learn how Emergency 24’s Incident Command and Control portal can be used to minimize the loss of life and reduce response times during active-shooter incidents and other types of emergencies. View All Submit An Event Poll Cybersecurity Plan Does your company have a cybersecurity plan for protecting its customers? Yes No, but working on it No, and not working on it Not sure View Results Poll Archive Products SDM 100 Report The SDM 100 Report ranks U.S. companies that earn their revenues from the sale, installation, service and monitoring of electronic security systems - such as intrusion and fire alarm, access control, video surveillance, and related low-voltage systems - to residential and non-residential customers. See More Products SDM Magazine 2016 November Behind the Headlines with school shootings becoming a sadly common news story, integrators like Michael Ruddo from Integrated Security Technologies are being increasingly called on the help. Working in the K-12 market can present both challenges and opportunities. View More Subscribe Resources List Rental Online Exclusives Industry Innovations Partners Want More Connect Copyright ©2016. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
