Home News/Features Back Central and East Ireland Midlands North East North West South East South West Wales Yorkshire Events Publications Subscriptions Guides Newsletters Databases Directories Back Corporate Finance Services Education Directory Professional Services Directory Property Directory Memberships Advertising About us Central & East East Midlands Ireland North East North West South East South West Wales West Midlands Yorkshire Type in the area above to perform a search. Results will appear on the next page Login or Register Basket empty 0161 907 9711 Insider Media Limited News/Features Regional News Central and East Ireland Midlands North East North West South East South West Wales Yorkshire Newsletters Subscribe to our newsletters View Newsletters Blogs & Experts Insider Blogs Expert Articles Insider Survey Results Events Regional Events Central and East Ireland Midlands North East North West South East South West Wales Yorkshire National Next Event Swansea Bay City Region Debate 2016 23 Nov 2016 Wales Event Enquiries For further information regarding Insider events, please use the contact details below: T: 0161 907 9758 E: eventenquiry@newsco.com Search for an Event Upcoming Business Events Past Business Events Archive Events Coverage Archive Publications Publications Midlands Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue December 2016 Issue This month Insider published its influential Rich List in which we name the Midlands’ wealthiest business people and the families and outline how they made their fortunes. We also profile Sir John Peace, chairman of the new Midlands Engine, report on our first International Trade Forum and show how business owners who have sold up can invest and protect their wealth. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice North West Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue November 2016 Issue In this issue we reveal the SME 300, charting the region's most successful small and medium-sized businesses. There’s also coverage from the 42 Under 42 event with Gary Neville and Jennifer Atkinson, a special report on the region’s architects, and we take a look at the burgeoning opportunities and challenges presented by big data and the advent of the 4th industrial revolution. Plus the latest on industrial property development, marketing for manufacturers and much more. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice South West Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue November 2016 Issue In this edition we reveal the Top 100 South West companies doing well oversees, interview GripIt Fixings’ CEO and Dragon’s Den entrepreneur Jordan Daykin, and find out how you can combat the threat of cyber crime. Plus there’s a look at industrial and office space and coverage of the South West Property Awards. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice Wales Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue November 2016 Issue Featuring interviews with Ken Skates, the Welsh Government’s economy and infrastructure minister; Ashley Cooper of InspireWales and Catalyst Growth Partners; and Mike Garland of M&J Europe. Plus the Wales Rich List, Growth 100 ranking, law firm report, property sector trends, training and development and business lunches. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice Yorkshire Business Insider Latest Issue Latest Issue November 2016 Issue November’s magazine includes an interview with Richard Butterfield from Principle Group – this month’s Entrepreneur of the Month. His business has grown from his own ideals to become a globally competitive enterprise, driving change and developing not just the company but the market of global brand implementation. He is honest, to the point and clear: there is no smoke and no mirrors; his business success is founded on sticking to his principles. We also carry a feature about funding the Northern Powerhouse, and the conversation from a breakfast event with Sir Nigel Knowles and Sir Steve Houghton. Subscribe View Issue Request Invoice Insider Guides Latest Guide Invest Humber Guide 2016 Invest Humber Guide 2016: The Global Gateway to the Northern Powerhouse. You don't get 'owt for nowt. There are a variety of idioms which could appropriately describe the Northern Powerhouse,... View Publication View All Guides Other Guides Commercial Property Dealmakers Education Give this to your PA Location... Made in the UK Misc. Property Investment SME Growth Subscriptions Databases Directories Business Directories Corporate Finance Services Recent entries Irwin Mitchell, Leeds Mazars LLP, West Midlands Mills & Reeve Eastern, Norwich Wells Fargo Capital Finance, London Bond Dickinson, Newcastle Upon Tyne Search Corporate Finance Services   Greenwoods Solicitors LLP, Peterborough Business Growth Fund, London Eversheds LLP, Birmingham Capital Law, Cardiff Reach Commercial Finance, Manchester Add your business profile Education Directory Recent entries Search Education Directory   Add your business profile Professional Services Directory Recent entries La Salle Corporate, Manchester BHP Chartered Accountants, Yorkshire Slater Heelis LLP, Sale Mogers Drewett, Bath Curtins, Liverpool Search Professional Services Directory   Gordon Brown Law Firm LLP, Newcastle upon Tyne HLW Keeble Hawson LLP, Sheffield Brabners, Manchester RSM North East, Newcastle upon Tyne Grant Thornton UK LLP, Manchester Add your business profile Property Directory Recent entries Savills, Birmingham Network Space, Newton Le Willows Yorkshire Bank, Manchester Cushman & Wakefield LLP North, Manchester Slater & Gordon, Manchester Search Property Directory   Bilfinger GVA, Leeds Bilfinger GVA, Bristol Alder King, Bristol Pervaiz Naviede Family Trust, LPC Living, Salford Quays Add your business profile Advertising About Us Home News Ireland Matthew Ord Digital Staff Writer Intel set to acquire Movidius 8th Sep 2016 Ireland Matthew Ord Silicon Valley company Movidius, which has major operations in Dublin, looks set to be acquired by Intel. Movidius is a vision processing business whose products are used in the likes of virtual reality headsets, drones, home automation and wearables. Its mission is to "give the power of sight to machines". Tech giant Intel has confirmed its intention to acquire Movidius, saying it sees "massive potential" for the California-headquartered company. Remi El-Ouazzane, chief executive of Movidius, said he was "excited" by the deal. "When computers can see, they can become autonomous and that's just the beginning," he added. "We're on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence. "Movidius has been attacking this challenge at the device level – combining advanced algorithms with dedicated low-power hardware. At Intel, we'll be part of a team that is attacking this challenge from the cloud, through the network and on the device. This is very exciting." Last year, Movidius revealed plans to create up to 100 jobs in Ireland after securing $40m (£27.2m/€37.8m) in funding. The investment was led by Summit Bridge Capital, the China-Ireland growth technology fund co-managed by Atlantic Bridge Capital and WestSummit Capital, with the money being used to further drive software and hardware product innovation. Taoiseach Enda Kenny said the investment would "boost Irish exports" in the growing computer vision technology sector. Pictured (L-R): Remi El-Ouazzane and Josh Walden, Intel senior vice president of new technologies Sector News Equistone-backed firm buys Hibernian Business Equipment 10th Nov 2016 Ireland Kainos praised during milestone year 9th Nov 2016 Ireland Arkk Solutions to create Belfast jobs 9th Nov 2016 Ireland Fleetmatics Group completes Berlin acquisition 2nd Nov 2016 Ireland Related Tags Movidius Intel Remi El-Ouazzane Silicon Valley Contact Us Got a news story for us? Contact us using the details below Matthew Ord, Digital Staff Writer T: 0161 907 9715 E: matthew.ord@newsco.com Interested in advertising with Insider? Contact us on: Clare Power, Business Development Manager T: 0161 907 9725 E: clare.power@newsco.com Most read Gaelectric to open latest NI wind farm Spar to expand Titanic Quarter presence Related articles BDNA makes Belfast move NI tech firms eye US deals Movidius funding boost secures Deal of the Month Movidius to create 100 jobs after $40m boost San Fran route could boost Irish investment Silicon Valley fast track scheme launched Caulfield hails Aepona deal Intel Aepona acquisition hailed Why not subscribe to our email newsletter Products & Services News/Features Newsletters Events Publications Guides Databases Business Directories Useful Links Login/Register Membership Advertising Sponsor Opportunities About Insider About us Contact us Vacancies Contact Us T: 0161 907 9711 Follow Us © Newsco Insider Limited | Registered in England and Wales with Number 02709518 rights reserved Sitemap | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy & Cookies × Advertisement We use cookies to make your experience better. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more. ×
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry Security Intel sells majority stake in McAfee security business By Shawn Knight on Sep 8, 2016, 7:30 AM TechSpot Intel as anticipated has sold a majority stake in its cybersecurity business to private investment firm TPG. As per the deal, Intel Security will be spun off into an independent cybersecurity company that’ll once again take on the McAfee name. The chipmaker will receive $3.1 billion in cash for a 51 percent stake in the new company which is valued at $4.2 billion. TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment that’ll be used to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business, the two said in a joint press release on Wednesday. Chris Young, Intel senior vice president and Intel Security general manager, along with existing management team members will lead the new company once the transaction is complete. The idea, the two said, is to create one of the world’s largest “pure-play” cybersecurity companies. Intel, if you recall, purchases anti-virus maker McAfee in August 2010 for $7.68 billion. The acquisition puzzled some although at the time, PC security was still a major concern. As PC sales took a turn south, much of the focus in the cybersecurity industry shifted to cloud-based servers and mobile devices. In 2014, Intel said it would begin phasing out the McAfee name in favor of Intel Security branding (likely in response to John McAfee’s questionable reputation). Intel and TPG said they expect the deal to close in the second quarter of 2017. Related Reads Intel tells John McAfee he can't use his own name Intel is phasing out the McAfee Security brand, will keep shield logo Eccentric millionaire John McAfee is running for president 2 comments 95 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… It's time for a security standard for the Internet of Things Samsung's latest acquisition and next-gen text messaging Ready or not, we're entering an AI world Popular 33 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 2 ... User Comments: 2 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 21 Teenager who died of cancer has her wish to be cryogenically frozen granted by court 25 US inventor's folding paper bike helmet wins James Dyson award 59 Facebook employees have reportedly created a task force to stop fake news stories 8 UK's Snooper's Charter approved by parliament, set to become law in next few weeks 7 Domino's delivers first pizzas using aerial drone Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware News Intel's siloed business units unify around IoT and connectivity Intel second-in-command Venkata Renduchintala has set his goals: Use IoT to connect devices and the company's business units By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Sep 8, 2016 2:09 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Venkata Renduchintala is president of Intel's Client and Internet of Things (IoT) businesses and Systems Architecture Group. Credit: Qualcomm More like this Intel's new PC, IoT chief brings fresh ideas to the veteran chip maker Intel eyes chips for mixed reality headsets At IDF, Intel is leaving PCs behind to highlight VR and IoT Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel has many disparate business units doing their own thing. The challenging task of tethering them is a top priority for Intel's second-in-command, Venkata Renduchintala. Renduchintala, known as Murthy, was appointed last November to run Intel's PC, client, and internet of things businesses. He's made his presence felt: Within six months of his appointment, Intel cut struggling products like mobile CPUs and sharpened its focus on growth areas of IoT, servers, and connectivity. One common thread in all the areas of growth is connectivity, with modems and wireless products now as important to Intel as its CPUs. Intel needed a serious kick in its modem development efforts, which is why CEO Brian Krzanich poached Renduchintala from Qualcomm, a bitter Intel rival, where he was in charge of connectivity offerings.  Wireless technology will be ubiquitous in new devices, vehicles, industrial equipment, and PCs. Information from those sources will be fed to data centers, which will gather telemetry and churn out insights. Intel is making progress with its modems; Apple reportedly will use Intel's modems in upcoming iPhones. Connectivity and the IoT business will bind the company together, said Renduchintala, whose official title is president of the Client and Internet of Things (IoT) Businesses and Systems Architecture Group at Intel. "We're creating the type of all-for-one, one-for-all mentality that I think is really important inside Intel to transition from a bunch of really healthy siloed businesses and towards an entity," Renduchintala said. There were signs of various Intel units sending a unified message at last month's Intel Developer Forum, especially around 5G. Company representatives talked about how more data generated by smart devices, robots, drones, and PCs could drive sales of servers and networking equipment. Intel's Data Center Group, which deals in servers, otherwise has had little to do with the PC group. Connectivity will get engines churning on all ends of the business, Renduchintala said. "The IoT business for us is an entire microcosm of the entire business coming together," he added. Intel's IoT strategy is centered around industrial, retail, and transportation markets. IoT will also help drive Intel's emerging machine-learning strategy, for which the company is building a new server chip code-named Knights Mill. "All of them have an end-to-end dimension where we are providing a client environment, the networking infrastructure, and the data analytics platform," Renduchintala said. There will be billions of connected endpoints, and that number will only grow over time, which creates more opportunities for Intel, he said. Dell Technologies CEO Michael Dell this week estimated there will be 230 billion connected endpoints by 2030. One big effort is around autonomous cars, where Intel could use its machine learning, field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs), and other assets. The company is working with BMW and Mobileye to build a self-driving car by 2021. As client devices generate more information, data centers will need the backplane systems and infrastructure to handle the growing data traffic. Wireless networks will need to transform to be able to deal with the explosion in data rates. For that, Intel is focusing heavily on 5G, which will blur the lines between types of wireless networks. There will be a bigger demand for faster uplink and downlink speeds from all kinds of devices like drones, robots, smart home devices and connected devices in factories, for example, Renduchintala said. "We're going to see essentially a much greater pervasiveness of client devices populating the markets," he said. "If you think about autonomous vehicles or delivering health services over a mobile network, you need to be able to make life-or-death decisions based on that." 5G is still under development and expected to go live by 2020. Intel has a robust lineup of modems and wireless products it is building for 5G, Renduchintala said. IoT will be more pervasive with 5G, giving companies the ability for sensor devices to communicate at longer ranges. Today, most sensors devices can communicate within a limited range of Wi-Fi, ZigBee, or Bluetooth. Because Intel has a history of promoting insiders to new positions, some critics questioned if Renduchintala would succeed in his new position, but he's put Intel back on track quickly. As an outsider, Murthy wasn't influenced by attachments to specific initiatives. He cut projects, redirected resources to growing areas, and made decisions in a transparent manner after debate and discussion. Some Intel decisions weren't popular and ultimately, projects were cut, and people were laid off. But some tough decisions were needed to maintain profitability, growth, and relevance. "As long as you can walk people through your thinking, you can take what was very controversial and make it very logical," Renduchintala said. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Hardware Internet of Things Computer Processors 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Vendor management Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Laws, investigations and ethics Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Application and Platform Security View All Application attacks Application Firewall Security Database Security Management Email Protection Vulnerability management Open source security Operating System Security Secure SaaS Productivity applications Social media security Software development Virtualization security Web Security Tools and Best Practices Enterprise Data Protection View All Data Analysis and Classification Data Loss Prevention Data Security and Cloud Computing Database Security Management Disk Encryption and File Encryption Enterprise Data Governance Data breaches and ID theft Enterprise Identity and Access Management View All Identity management User Authentication Services Web Authentication and Access Control Enterprise Network Security View All NAC and endpoint security IDS Network Protocols and Security Tools, Products, Software Secure VPN Setup and Configuration Wireless security Government IT security View All Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications View All CISSP Certification Information Security Jobs and Training Security Industry Certifications Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Laws, investigations and ethics Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Vendor management Information Security Threats View All Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Hacker tools and techniques Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Mobile device threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards View All Cloud Computing Security Standards COBIT Data Privacy and Protection FFIEC Regulations and Guidelines Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) HIPAA ISO 17799 IT Security Audits PCI Data Security Standard Sarbanes-Oxley Act Topics Archive View All IM Security Issues, Risks and Tools Security Resources Please select a category Application and Platform Security Enterprise Data Protection Enterprise Identity and Access Management Enterprise Network Security Government IT security Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications Information Security Management Information Security Threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Intel Security sale finalized, McAfee brand resurrected by Peter Loshin Site Editor After completion of the Intel Security sale to private equity firm TPG, the new jointly-held cybersecurity company will resurrect the McAfee brand and net $3.1 billion for Intel. Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Intel to raise $3.1bn by spinning off security ... – ComputerWeekly Risk & Repeat: Breaking down the Intel Security sale – SearchSecurity McAfee acquisitions: What could Intel get? – SearchSecurity Sponsored News Where Digitization Meets Data Center Modernization –Dell All-Flash Tier 1 Applications –SimpliVity See More Vendor Resources Enhancing End-to-End Cloud Security: Part 3 –Intel Security End-to-End Secure Client to Cloud Access –Intel Intel and private equity fund TPG have agreed to a deal that will create a new jointly-owned independent cybersecurity... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. firm from the Intel Security unit, which will be renamed as McAfee. The new business is valued at $4.2 billion, and the Intel Security sale will net Intel $3.1 billion; the chip giant will also retain a 49% stake in the new business. After the Intel Security sale is concluded, the new firm will be led by Chris Young, current Intel senior vice president and Intel Security general manager, along with the existing Intel Security management team. In their announcement, Intel and TPG stated that McAfee will be one of the world's largest pure-play cybersecurity companies, and the two firms stated they were committed to turning McAfee into an independent company with access to significant resources. "Security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a press statement. "As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee's customers, partners, employees and Intel's shareholders. Intel will continue our collaboration with McAfee as we offer safe and secure products to our customers," Krzanich added. Intel originally purchased McAfee in 2011, paying $7.68 billion in cash for the antivirus firm in a move that puzzled many. Intel renamed the unit "Intel Security" in 2014, though they continued to offer products bearing the McAfee brand. Intel Security made major investments in its portfolio during the five-year stint, one of the biggest being the Security Connected strategy. The strategy aimed to integrate non-Intel security products with Intel Security technology, using the company's Data Exchange Layer (DXL) and Threat Intelligence Exchange (TIE) platforms. The Intel Security era also included surprising moves and strategy shifts. For example, last fall the company moved several of the McAfee SaaS security products, including McAfee SaaS Endpoint Protection, into end-of-life stage the same week it announced a new corporate strategy to focus on endpoint and cloud security at its FOCUS 15 event in Las Vegas. One potential fly in the ointment for the Intel Security sale relates to the name announced for the unit: John McAfee, the founder of Intel Security predecessor McAfee Associates, has gone to court to fight for his right to start a cybersecurity business under the McAfee banner, The Register reported. Next Steps Find out what Bruce Schneier and Marcus Ranum had to say about security industry consolidation Learn about what effect security industry consolidation has on industry innovation Read about the business case for endpoint antimalware protection Dig Deeper on Vendor Management: Negotiations, Budgeting, Mergers and Acquisitions All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Are cybersecurity conferences valuable to CISOs? RSA: No major changes expected following Dell-EMC merger What CISOs need to incorporate into cloud service-level agreements Security startups: What do CISOs need to know before being customers? Load More View All RSA: No major changes expected following Dell-EMC merger Avast purchase of AVG shows uncertainty in antivirus market Intel reportedly considering selling its security business Study: IT staff pressured to buy useless cybersecurity products Load More View All News What CISOs need to incorporate into cloud service-level agreements How should enterprises start the vendor management process? IT content and vendor engagement evaluation survey Corporate Mergers and Acquisitions Security Learning Guide View All Get started Are cybersecurity conferences valuable to CISOs? How should enterprises start the vendor management process? Third-party risk management: Avoid the dangers of weak controls Enterprise security licensing models present complex problems Load More View All Evaluate What CISOs need to incorporate into cloud service-level agreements How can a vendor risk assessment help enterprise security? What is the best way to trim a security portfolio? Vendor relationship management: Breaking up is hard to do Load More View All Manage Security startups: What do CISOs need to know before being customers? Manage vendor access for industrial control systems security Domain security services: Exploring the enterprise security benefits Evaluating vendor promises: How to create a vendor security checklist Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Runtime application self-protection from A to Z E-Handbook New tactics for better endpoint security threat prevention E-Zine Identity of things moves beyond manufacturing Peter Loshin asks: What effect on the security industry will the Intel Security sale have? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Peter Loshin - 8 Sep 2016 12:32 PM What effect on the security industry will the Intel Security sale have? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity How bring your own encryption in the cloud works for enterprises Bring your own encryption offerings for the cloud are more common now. Expert Ed Moyle discusses the benefits and drawback of ... Cloud DDoS protection: What enterprises need to know DDoS attacks are a continuing problem, and enterprises should consider using cloud DDoS protection services. Expert Frank Siemons... Q&A: Western Union's unique strategy to secure cloud services Mike Bartholomy of Western Union explains how the financial services company has embraced employee use of cloud services and how ... SearchNetworking Cisco cloud survey reveals nonstop growth and expansion This week, a Cisco cloud survey digs into the explosive growth of cloud data, Xirrus deploys a new Wave 2 access point and ... Cisco earnings show service providers are not buying The latest Cisco earnings show a drop in overall revenue, as service providers spend less. Cisco blames lower sales on ... Network engineering tools changing as cloud shift pressures profession As more companies examine the cloud, network engineering tools are changing, requiring engineers to rethink and recraft their job... SearchCIO Key IT metrics: A CIO guide As technology and the business evolve, so do IT metrics. In this Essential Guide, learn how to navigate KPIs, IT investment and ... Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Unearth the secrets behind three Windows 10 hidden features The main features of Windows 10 are no surprise anymore, but there are some less heralded tools, such as Web Notes, that deserve ... LANDesk Workspaces helps simplify IT workflows with role-based portals LANDesk Workspaces assigns users one of five profiles, including End User and IT Analyst, to deliver different IT resources and ... Take on Windows 10 Wi-Fi problems and address Wi-Fi Sense Windows 10 Wi-Fi connectivity is not as straightforward as it sounds. Microsoft moved the Wi-Fi settings and added security risks... SearchCloudComputing Managing a cloud resource pool for hybrid environments Cloud sprawl negatively affects enterprises by increasing IT costs and lowering efficiency. And with hybrid clouds, in particular... Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud Multifactor authentication is a critical step for securing IT apps and resources. Explore options for enabling and managing this ... Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... ComputerWeekly Three breach highlights several security issues, says (ISC)2 Customer data breaches continue to demonstrate that companies are still not treating cyber risk like every other business risk, ... Nestlé picks Telefónica to build IoT for coffee machines Nestlé’s professional business services unit will incorporate internet of things technology into its coffee machines in pursuit ... HCL completes integration of Volvo Group IT services Deal sees 2,560 Volvo Group staff transferred to HCL, bringing mainframe expertise to Indian IT services firm About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Way Apple Inc. Is Moving Faster Than Intel Corporation The iDevice maker is managing to gradually outpace the world's largest chip company. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 8, 2016 at 3:27PM Image source: Apple. Ever since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unleashed its A7 chip onto the world, a chip that the company's marketing team claimed to have "desktop class" performance, there has been rampant speculation that Apple may someday opt to ditch Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) processors for home-grown Apple-designed chips. I don't think that's likely to happen in the near-future, but a case can seriously be made that Apple is moving at a faster clip than Intel in terms of ultra-mobile chip performance. Allow me to explain. Meet Kaby Lake and A10 Fusion This year, Apple's big new chip is the A10 Fusion found inside of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Intel's new chip -- at least for ultra-thin notebooks and 2-in-1 devices – is a chip marketed as seventh generation Core (though I'll refer to it by its code name, Kaby Lake, as Intel's branding is fairly cumbersome). The A10 Fusion is believed to be manufactured on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's 16-nanometer technology, the same tech that was used to build a portion of last year's A9 chips. Kaby Lake is manufactured on an enhanced version of Intel's 14-nanometer technology, known as 14-nanometer+, that was used to build the company's previous generation personal computer processor family known as Skylake. So, in terms of manufacturing, neither Apple nor Intel gets a large generational leap (though Intel probably delivers a bigger jump here relative to what Apple had to work with). However, what Apple has done in terms of the actual chip design is much more aggressive. A10 Fusion sees huge design improvements, unlike Kaby Lake With the A10 Fusion chip, Apple appears to have completely overhauled the design relative to the prior generation A9. The CPU cores look improved, the graphics processor looks new, and Apple was keen to tout the enhanced image signal processor (critical for the operation of the camera) inside of the new offering. I wouldn't be surprised to learn of additional goodies inside the A10 as details become public. Kaby Lake, in contrast, is essentially Skylake implemented in an improved manufacturing process with some enhancements to the media engine to support more complex content. To be clear: Skylake was and still is a really good processor for personal computers, and Kaby Lake should continue to be a leading chip family for personal computers. However, the generation-over-generation improvements that Intel delivered with this new offering simply weren't close to what Apple was able to deliver with the A10 Fusion. Intel needs to run faster Although Apple and Intel are not direct competitors -- in fact, Apple buys Intel's personal computer processors for its Mac lineup -- I do think that the advancements that Apple, and others in the smartphone chip space have made, should serve to push Intel to be more aggressive with the improvements that it delivers with each new processor generation. The key areas that Intel needs to focus on are CPU performance, graphics performance, and integration of additional components (something that I covered extensively here). According to respected processor analyst David Kanter with The Linley Group in a statement to EETimes, the reason that Kaby Lake didn't see a significant architectural improvement is that "by the time Intel discovered the yield issues with 14 [nanometer] and that they would continue for 10 [nanometer], they could not tell their architecture teams to tweak the CPU and GPU cores again." The good news is that Intel's third generation of 10-nanometer product, known as Tiger Lake, has been in the works since at least late 2015, so Intel should have plenty of time to bring more substantial improvements to the chip. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 3:27PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.09 up $0.14 (0.13%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools 12 steps to lower your espionage risk More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Virtual Reality News Intel eyes chips for mixed reality headsets Intel sees a big market for mixed reality headsets, and in the future, it could make a chip targeted to those devices By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Sep 8, 2016 10:27 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich holds a prototype Project Alloy headset on stage during IDF 2016 in San Francisco on August 16, 2016. Credit: Intel/IDGNS More like this Asus may be planning Microsoft HoloLens competitor in its VR push Intel's new Kaby Lake chips for PC: Here's the company's vision Prices for stand-alone VR headsets could drop with new Allwinner chip Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel believes untethered headsets could be a new class of PCs in the future, and the company may develop chips dedicated to those devices. The chipmaker previewed its virtual and augmented reality plans last month with Project Alloy, a Microsoft HoloLens-type headset that can mix images from real and virtual worlds. Project Alloy will be available for PC makers to replicate, but Intel may also see a market for mixed reality headset chips. Project Alloy is a prototype headset running on Microsoft's Windows Holographic platform, and it could support other VR and AR platforms in the future. The Alloy design and specifications will be open-sourced early next year. PC makers have expressed interest in making headsets based on the design. Just like it has done with PCs, Intel is trying to provide guidance to device makers on how to design headsets, integrate hardware, and resolve camera issues, as well as provide ideas on production and productizing, said Venkata Renduchintala, president of the client and internet of things businesses and the Systems Architecture Group at Intel. Mixed reality can generate a new class of VR/AR products and will probably generate "a custom piece of silicon built on the PC platform to exemplify and amplify the use case," said Renduchintala, nicknamed Murthy. The Project Alloy headset has a Skylake laptop chip, but as of now, the company has no dedicated chip for headsets that are also self-contained computers. Intel recently announced new 7th Generation Core PC chips code-named Kaby Lake but has no specific chip for all-in-one headset computers in that lineup. Intel in the past has provided reference designs for ultrabooks, laptops, smartphones and 2-in-1s, but is open-sourcing the Project Alloy design. It previously set tight specifications -- for example, thickness and screen size -- for products like ultrabooks and handsets, and PC makers were required to adhere to the specs. Renduchintala expects device makers to use the reference design to mold VR headsets into different shapes and sizes. VR is already catching on quickly, with products like Oculus Rift and HTC Vive -- which need to be wired to PC with high-end GPUs -- getting a lot of attention. Spurred by HoloLens, there are efforts to develop untethered PC-style VR and AR headsets, but the makers need to address problems related to wireless connectivity and battery life. Mobile VR -- in which smartphones are placed in headsets -- is taking off with products like Samsung's GearVR. Analyst firms are projecting headset shipments to grow, and it makes sense for Intel to have VR-specific chips. IDC is projecting VR/AR headset shipments to reach 9.6 million units this year, and 110 million units by 2020. Intel is backing more PC-style mixed reality experiences over mobile VR. Project Alloy provides a powerful mixed reality experience, and that's the kind of market Intel wants to develop, Renduchintala said. "What we showed is we can take VR, we can evolve it from the very rudimentary definitions today of running a 99-cent Android app in a smartphone you clip into some kind of visor, you can move it to a 15- to 20-watt powered ... embedded PC that's driving two to three teraflops of computing," he said. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Virtual Reality Computer Hardware Windows PCs Computer Processors 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing White Paper Is Your IT Infrastructure Roadmap Meeting Your Evolving Business Strategy? Video/Webcast Sponsored The Cyber Security at Your Company is at Risk Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Way Apple Inc. Is Moving Faster Than Intel Corporation The iDevice maker is managing to gradually outpace the world's largest chip company. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 8, 2016 at 3:27PM Image source: Apple. Ever since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unleashed its A7 chip onto the world, a chip that the company's marketing team claimed to have "desktop class" performance, there has been rampant speculation that Apple may someday opt to ditch Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) processors for home-grown Apple-designed chips. I don't think that's likely to happen in the near-future, but a case can seriously be made that Apple is moving at a faster clip than Intel in terms of ultra-mobile chip performance. Allow me to explain. Meet Kaby Lake and A10 Fusion This year, Apple's big new chip is the A10 Fusion found inside of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Intel's new chip -- at least for ultra-thin notebooks and 2-in-1 devices – is a chip marketed as seventh generation Core (though I'll refer to it by its code name, Kaby Lake, as Intel's branding is fairly cumbersome). The A10 Fusion is believed to be manufactured on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's 16-nanometer technology, the same tech that was used to build a portion of last year's A9 chips. Kaby Lake is manufactured on an enhanced version of Intel's 14-nanometer technology, known as 14-nanometer+, that was used to build the company's previous generation personal computer processor family known as Skylake. So, in terms of manufacturing, neither Apple nor Intel gets a large generational leap (though Intel probably delivers a bigger jump here relative to what Apple had to work with). However, what Apple has done in terms of the actual chip design is much more aggressive. A10 Fusion sees huge design improvements, unlike Kaby Lake With the A10 Fusion chip, Apple appears to have completely overhauled the design relative to the prior generation A9. The CPU cores look improved, the graphics processor looks new, and Apple was keen to tout the enhanced image signal processor (critical for the operation of the camera) inside of the new offering. I wouldn't be surprised to learn of additional goodies inside the A10 as details become public. Kaby Lake, in contrast, is essentially Skylake implemented in an improved manufacturing process with some enhancements to the media engine to support more complex content. To be clear: Skylake was and still is a really good processor for personal computers, and Kaby Lake should continue to be a leading chip family for personal computers. However, the generation-over-generation improvements that Intel delivered with this new offering simply weren't close to what Apple was able to deliver with the A10 Fusion. Intel needs to run faster Although Apple and Intel are not direct competitors -- in fact, Apple buys Intel's personal computer processors for its Mac lineup -- I do think that the advancements that Apple, and others in the smartphone chip space have made, should serve to push Intel to be more aggressive with the improvements that it delivers with each new processor generation. The key areas that Intel needs to focus on are CPU performance, graphics performance, and integration of additional components (something that I covered extensively here). According to respected processor analyst David Kanter with The Linley Group in a statement to EETimes, the reason that Kaby Lake didn't see a significant architectural improvement is that "by the time Intel discovered the yield issues with 14 [nanometer] and that they would continue for 10 [nanometer], they could not tell their architecture teams to tweak the CPU and GPU cores again." The good news is that Intel's third generation of 10-nanometer product, known as Tiger Lake, has been in the works since at least late 2015, so Intel should have plenty of time to bring more substantial improvements to the chip. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 3:27PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.09 up $0.14 (0.13%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Shark Bites: There's Still Momentum, but Everybody Wants Weakness DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer: Intel Security Unit Sale Overdue Intel was right in finally spinning off the majority stake in its security unit, in fact it was overdue, said TheStreet's Jim Cramer. Jim Cramer Sep 8, 2016 2:10 PM EDT Intel (INTC) was right in finally spinning off the majority stake in its security unit, says TheStreet's Jim Cramer. TPG Capital is joining Intel as a partner in the chipmaker's cyber security unit. In exchange for a $1.1 billion equity investment, TPG will receive a 51% stake in the business, which Intel will spin off under the name McAfee. The transaction values McAfee's total equity at about $2.2 billion, and the entire company, including debt, at $4.2 billion. That's a steep discount to the $7.68 billion Intel paid for McAfee in 2010. The security business watches more than a quarter of a billion devices for large corporations, Intel says. The business posted $1.1 billion in sales in the first half of the year, an increase of 11%. At the time of publication, Jim Cramer's charitable trust Action Alerts PLUS held no positions in stocks mentioned. If you liked this article you might like Nvidia's Deals with IBM, Microsoft and Google Strengthen Its Artificial Intelligence Lead Though competition abounds, Nvida's GPU investments and software ecosystem are big advantages in a booming market for powering AI tasks. Eric Jhonsa Nov 16, 2016 5:35 PM EST Cisco Investors Watch Earnings for Look Into the IT Market, Trump's Tech Effect CEO Chuck Robbins could provide investors with guidance on how the company would deploy a whopping $60 billion in overseas cash. Chris Nolter Nov 16, 2016 10:54 AM EST Apple Job Ads Hint at a Risk to Intel, Says Exane BNP A flood of Apple wanted ads for CPU and GPU designers suggests the company may be assembling a team to design in-house chips for its MacBooks. Paul Whitfield Nov 16, 2016 9:52 AM EST Jim Cramer's Top Takeaways: Talend, Nvidia Talend focuses on digital data trends; Nvidia is the new Intel, Jim Cramer says. Scott Rutt Nov 16, 2016 6:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to main content Log In Support Contact Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos Log In Support Contact Continuum Analytics Teams Up with Intel for Python Distribution Powered by Anaconda Thursday, September 8, 2016 Offers speed, agility and an optimized Python experience for data scientists   AUSTIN, TEXAS—September 8, 2016—Continuum Analytics, the creator and driving force behind Anaconda, the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python, is pleased to announce a technical collaboration with Intel resulting in the Intel® Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda. Intel Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda was recently announced by Intel and will be delivered as part of Intel® Parallel Studio XE 2017 software development suite. With a common distribution for the Open Data Science community that increases Python and R performance up to 100X, Intel has empowered enterprises to build a new generation of intelligent applications that drive immediate business value. Combining the power of the Intel® Math Kernel Library (MKL) and Anaconda’s Open Data Science platform allows organizations to build the high performance analytic modeling and visualization applications required to compete in today’s data-driven economies.    By combining two de facto standards, Intel MKL and Anaconda, into a single performance-boosted Python and R distribution, enterprises can meet and exceed performance targets for next-generation data science applications. The platform includes packages and technology that are accessible for beginner Python developers, however powerful enough to tackle data science projects for big data. Anaconda offers support for advanced analytics, numerical computing, just-in-time compilation, profiling, parallelism, interactive visualization, collaboration and other analytic needs.   “While Python has been widely used by data scientists as an easy-to-use programming language, it was often at the expense of performance,” said Mike Lee, technical, enterprise and cloud compute segment manager, developer Products Division at Intel Corporation. “The Intel Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda, provides multiple methods and techniques to accelerate and scale Python applications to achieve near native code performance.”   With the out-of-box distribution, Python applications immediately realize gains and can be tuned to optimize performance using the Intel® VTune™ Amplifier performance profiler. Python workloads can take advantage of multi-core Intel architectures and clusters using parallel thread scheduling and efficient communication with Intel MPI and Anaconda Scale through optimized Intel® Performance Libraries and Anaconda packages.   “Our focus on delivering high performance data science deployments to enterprise customers was a catalyst for the collaboration with Intel who is powering the smart and connected digital world,” said Michele Chambers, EVP of Anaconda & CMO at Continuum Analytics. “Today’s announcement of Intel’s Python distribution based on Anaconda, illustrates both companies’ commitment to empowering Open Data Science through a common distribution that makes it easy to move intelligent applications from sandboxes to production environments.” The Intel Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda is designed for everyone from seasoned high-performance developers to data scientists looking to speed up workflows and deliver an easy-to-install, performance-optimized Python experience to meet enterprise needs. The collaboration enables users to accelerate Python performance on modern Intel architectures, adding simplicity and speed to applications through Intel’s performance libraries. This distribution makes it easy to install packages using conda and pip and access individual Intel-optimized packages hosted on Anaconda Cloud through conda.   Features include: Anaconda Distribution that has been downloaded over 3M times and is the de facto standard Python distribution for Microsoft Azure ML and Cloudera Hadoop Intel Math Kernel performance-accelerated Python computation packages like NumPy, SciPy, scikit-learn Anaconda Scale, which makes it easy to parallelize workloads using Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs) Intel Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda is delivered as part of the Intel Parallel Studio XE 2017. The new distribution is available for free and includes forum support. For more information, please visit https://software.intel.com/en-us/intel-distribution-for-python. For additional information about Anaconda, please visit: https://www.continuum.io/anaconda-overview and the Continuum Analytics’ Partner Program, visit https://www.continuum.io/partners. Also, check out this blog by Intel’s Mike Lee: https://www.continuum.io/blog/developer-blog/democratization-compute-intel.   About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Intel, the Intel logo, Core, and Ultrabook are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.   About Continuum Analytics Continuum Analytics is the creator and driving force behind Anaconda, the leading Open Data Science platform powered by Python. We put superpowers into the hands of people who are changing the world.   With more than 3M downloads and growing, Anaconda is trusted by the world’s leading businesses across industries––financial services, government, health & life sciences, technology, retail & CPG, oil & gas––to solve the world’s most challenging problems. Anaconda does this by helping everyone in the data science team discover, analyze and collaborate by connecting their curiosity and experience with data. With Anaconda, teams manage their Open Data Science environments without any hassles to harness the power of the latest open source analytic and technology innovations.   Our community loves Anaconda because it empowers the entire data science team––data scientists, developers, DevOps, data engineers and business analysts––to connect the dots in their data and accelerate the time-to-value that is required in today’s world. To ensure our customers are successful, we offer comprehensive support, training and professional services. Continuum Analytics' founders and developers have created or contribute to some of the most popular Open Data Science technologies, including NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, pandas, Jupyter/IPython, Bokeh, Numba and many others. Continuum Analytics is venture-backed by General Catalyst and BuildGroup.   To learn more about Continuum Analytics, visit www.continuum.io.   ###   Media Contact: Jill Rosenthal InkHouse continuumanalytics@inkhouse.com Tags:  Anaconda Partner Tweet Facebook View the discussion thread. Get the Anaconda Cheat Sheet Thank you, the Anaconda Cheat Sheet is on its way. No Thanks Thank You for Downloading Anaconda! Get Started with the Anaconda Cheat Sheet Thank you, the Anaconda Cheat Sheet is on its way. No Thanks Anaconda Pro Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Anaconda Workgroup Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Anaconda Enterprise Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Team Training Inquiry Please submit this inquiry for group training for your data science team. For individuals, please see our individual training courses Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Introduction to Programming with Python Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Data Science Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Scientific Computing Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Financial Programming Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Stay up to date!   Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos 2016 Continuum Analytics, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | EULA Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
Skip to main content Log In Support Contact Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos Log In Support Contact Democratization of Compute: More Flops, More Users & Solving More Challenges Thursday, September 8, 2016 The past decade has seen compute capacity at the cluster scale grow faster than Moore’s Law. The relentless pursuit to exascale systems and beyond brings broad advances in the availability of a large amount of compute power to developers and users on “everyday” systems. Call it “trickle down” high performance computing if you like, but the effects are profound in the amount of computation that can be accessed. A teraflop system today can be easily had in a workstation, ready and able to tackle scientific compute problems, financial modeling exercises and plow through huge amounts of data for machine learning. Programming of these high performance systems used to be the domain of native language developers who work in Fortran or C/C++, and scaling up and out with distributed computing via Message Passing Interface (MPI) to take advantage of cluster computing. While these languages are still the mainstay of high performance computing, scripting languages, such as Python, have been adopted by a broad community of users for its ease of use and short learning curve. While giving the ability for more users to do computing is a good thing, there is a limitation that makes it difficult for users of Python to get good performance. Namely, it is the global interpreter lock, or “GIL,” that runs in a single threaded mode and does not allow for any parallelism to take advantage of modern hardware with multicore/many-core and multi threaded CPUs. If only there was a way to make it easy and seamless to get performance from Python, we could broaden the availability of compute power to more users. My colleagues at Intel in engineering and product marketing teams examined this limitation and saw that there were some solutions out there that were challenging to implement—thus began our close association with Continuum Analytics, a leader in the Open Data Science and Python community, to make these performance enhancements widely available to all. Collaboration with Continuum Analytics has helped us bring the Intel® Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda to the Python community, which leverages the Intel® Performance Libraries, such as Intel® Math Kernel Library, Intel® Data Analytics Library, Intel® MPI Library and Intel® Threading Building Blocks. The collaboration between Intel and Continuum Analytics helps provide a path to greater performance for Python developers and users. And today, we are happy to announce a major milestone in our journey with the Intel Distribution. After a year in beta, the Distribution is now available in its first public version as the Intel® Distribution for Python 2017. It's been a wild ride—the thrills of successful compiles and builds, the agony of managing dependencies, chasing down the bugs, the race to meet project deadlines, the highs of good press, the lows of post release reported errors—but overall, we have the satisfaction of having delivered a solid product.                                      Our work is not done. We will continue to push the boundaries of performance to enable more flops to more users to solve more computing challenges. Live long and Python! Questions about the Intel® Distribution for Python powered by Anaconda? Read our FAQ. Tags:  Anaconda Partner Tweet Facebook Mike Lee Technical, Enterprise and Cloud Compute Segment Manager, Developer Products Division Intel Corporation Read More Self-Service Open Data Science: Custom Anaconda Parcels for Cloudera CDH Working Efficiently with Big Data in Text Formats Using Free Software Anaconda Build Migration to Conda-Forge Analyzing and Visualizing Big Data Interactively on Your Laptop: Datashading the 2010 US Census The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation Grant for Numba and Dask Most Popular This Month Self-Service Open Data Science: Custom Anaconda Parcels for Cloudera CDH Most Popular This Year Accelerate 2.2 Released! Dask for Institutions Anaconda Cloud: Introducing Labels Community Powered conda Packaging: conda-forge Celebrating U.S. Women's Equality Day with Women in Tech View the discussion thread. Get the Anaconda Cheat Sheet Thank you, the Anaconda Cheat Sheet is on its way. No Thanks Thank You for Downloading Anaconda! Get Started with the Anaconda Cheat Sheet Thank you, the Anaconda Cheat Sheet is on its way. No Thanks Anaconda Pro Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Anaconda Workgroup Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Anaconda Enterprise Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Team Training Inquiry Please submit this inquiry for group training for your data science team. For individuals, please see our individual training courses Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Introduction to Programming with Python Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Data Science Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Scientific Computing Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Financial Programming Using Anaconda Start the sign-up process for your class below Thank you, we'll be in touch soon. Stay up to date!   Anaconda Anaconda Overview Anaconda Subscriptions Download Documentation Why Anaconda Open Data Science Community Anaconda Community Open Source Academic Subscriptions NumFOCUS Why Python Get Support Developer Blog Consulting Quick Start Consulting Overview Consulting Projects Training Training Overview Upcoming Classes About Our Story Leadership Company Blog News Events Customers Partners Careers Contact Us Resources Presentations Webinars Whitepapers Videos 2016 Continuum Analytics, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | EULA Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel shows exactly what it’s Project Alloy VR headset will look like Jon Martindale Digital TrendsSeptember 8, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Intel's Project Alloy may not be set to be released until some time in late 2017, but we now have our first look at it thanks to some renders released by Intel. We can see its button layout, and that it comes with a couple of USB connectors.More Intel has now released a number of detailed renders of its Project Alloy headset, giving us our first up close look at the ergonomics of the wireless VR device. It has a unique headstrap design, as well as built in realsense cameras which offers up some interesting ideas for the reference headset’s potential. Project Alloy was announced at last month’s IFA 2016 show, where Intel detailed the reference design as an “open hardware platform,” that would allow third parties to take it and create their own wireless VR headsets. It is quite different from the sorts of headsets we’ve been used to in the consumer space though, which should make its eventual release rather interesting. For now though we’re just getting to grips with the untethered VR solution. Its lack of wires is an obvious starting point when it comes to examining it, but we can also see that the headstrap is mounted on the top/front of the headset, rather than with the added side straps we have seen on the Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, and Gear VR. In fact, its strap system looks much more like the PlayStation VR than any others we have seen. Hands On: Qualcomm Snapdragon VR820 The design has 10 exterior sensor points, though we suspect that the use of realsense cameras within the headset may be the real solution for positional tracking (and perhaps even Leap-like motion control). It may be that this headset can utilize both internal and external tracking systems for more third-party options, or better overall tracking accuracy. That would unify the Alloy’s concept of an all-in-one solution, as being wireless, it includes all of the processing power it might need inside, along with a battery. Although the graphics processor is currently unknown, RoadtoVR has confirmed that there is a desktop class Core i7 processor in there somewhere. Elsewhere on the headset, we have a pair of USB Type-C ports, a pair of buttons and an interpupillary distance dial for controlling the distance between the two displays this headset presumably uses. There also looks to be a 3.5mm headphone jack on the side. We can guess that the battery for the device is located in the rear portion of the headband, and though we don’t have any specifications for it yet, we would imagine the battery, plus the inclusion of processing and memory capabilities, would mean this headset is heavier than a lot of consumer solutions available right now. Chances are this is just an early version of the headset, as Intel says it does not plan to release it until the second half of 2017, which would likely be edging toward second-generation Rift and Vive territory. Close to the Metal Ep. 8: Intel joins the VR revolution Intel won't lead the VR revolution, but it will power those who do Look ma, no wires! Intel's Project Alloy gives VR full freedom of movement Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals The Verge iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech A smart home for Fido: Dog Parker offers safe place to keep canines in the big city Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
12,595,763 members (61,375 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as HardwareIoT Stats 2.9K views Posted 8 Sep 2016 Using UARTs on Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Intel Corporation, 8 Sep 2016 CPOL Using UARTs on Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Contents Using UARTs on Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Contents Introduction Prerequisites Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 – UART Hardware Information UART Capabilities Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 Details I/O Pin Multiplexing Programming I/O Pin Multiplexing in QMSI UART Clock Gating Default UART Configuration in QMSI BSP Writing data to UART Using QM_PRINTF Default UART QM_PRINTF Limitations Example using QM_PRINTF Configuring UART Parameters Reading Current UART Configuration Setting New UART Configuration Setting Parameters in qm_uart_config_t Structure Configuring UART Example QMSI UART Input / Output Functions Getting UART Status Sending and Receiving Data Blocking I/O Functions Non-blocking I/O Functions Interrupt Driven I/O – Transfer Structure Registering Interrupt Service Routine for Interrupt Driven I/O Interrupt Driven I/O Functions Direct Access to UART Registers UART Programming Example: UART Setup and Blocking I/O Description Code UART Programming Example: Interrupt Driven I/O Description Code Introduction The Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 features two UART interfaces. This document describes how to program these UART interfaces using the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Software Interface (QMSI). Prerequisites This document assumes that the reader is familiar with the Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers suite – an integrated tool set for developing, optimizing and debugging applications for Intel® Quark™ Microcontrollers. The Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers can be downloaded here: https://software.intel.com/en-us/intel-system-studio-microcontrollers (make sure to select D2000 as the target). For more information about setting up and using Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers, please refer to the Getting Started with Intel® System Studio 2016 for Microcontrollers guide. The document uses Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 board as a reference, but the information in this document can be applied to any Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 based projects. The document discusses Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Software Interface (QMSI) functions related to UART programming. It does not provide complete QMSI documentation. For more information, please refer to the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Software Interface guide. Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 – UART Hardware Information UART Capabilities The UART interfaces integrated in Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 are software compatible with the 16550 standard. Each UART has 16 byte TX and RX FIFOs, supports 5 to 9 bit data format, and baud rates from 300 bps to 2 Mbps. CTS/RTS hardware flow control is available. RS485 mode is also supported. Please refer to Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 datasheet, section 14 “UART” for more information about UART capabilities. Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 Details On the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 board, the UART interface signals are connected as follows: UART_A RXD and TXD signals are available on the Arduino breakout pins 0 and 1 respectively. These pins are marked as (1) on the picture below. UART_A RST and CTS signals are available on the Arduino breakout pins A2 and A3 respectively. UART_B signals are connected to the FTDI TTL-232R-3V3 compatible header J2. This header is marked as (3) on the picture below. These signals can be also connected to the on-board USB to UART/JTAG FT232H interface IC using the jumper group marked as (2) on the picture below. The UART signals can be connected to the on-board FT232H IC by setting jumpers J9, J10, and J11 in the CTS, TXD, and N/C positions respectively. When using an FTDI cable connected to the J2 header, the UART signals need to be disconnected from the on-board FT232H IC by removing jumpers J15 – RTS/TMS, J17 – RXD/TCK, and moving jumper J11 to the N/C position. To use the on-board FT232H IC in JTAG mode, jumpers J9, J10, and J11 need to be set to the TDO, TDI, and TRST positions respectively, and jumpers J15 and J17 need to be connected. I/O Pin Multiplexing To enable multiple interfaces given a limited number of I/O pins, Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 multiplexes the functions of I/O pins. Each I/O pin can be assigned one of up to 3 different functions. By default the only the RXD signal of the first UART interface (UART_A) is multiplexed to an I/O pin. The second UART interface (UART_B) signals are not connected to I/O pins by default – these pins are used for JTAG interface instead. The table below lists the I/O pins relevant to UART interfaces and their functions. MCU Pin Number and Name QMSI Pin Name Function 0 Function 1 Function 2 Developer Kit D2000 - Arduino Breakout Pin Name 4 – F_12 QM_PIN_ID_12 GPIO12 AI12 UART_A_TXD* 1 5 – F_13 QM_PIN_ID_13 GPIO13* AI13 UART_A_RXD 0 6 – F_14 QM_PIN_ID_14 GPIO14* AI14 UART_A_RTS / UART_A_DE A2 7 – F_15 QM_PIN_ID_15 GPIO15* AI15 UART_A_CTS / UART_A_RE A3 13 – F_20 QM_PIN_ID_20 TRST_N* GPIO20 UART_B_TXD UART_B header – pin 5 USB – FT232H (J11) 14 – F_21 QM_PIN_ID_21 TCK* GPIO21 UART_B_RXD UART_B header – pin 4 USB – FT232H (J17) 15 – F_22 QM_PIN_ID_22 TMS* GPIO22 UART_B_RTS / UART_B_DE UART_B header – pin 2 USB – FT232H (J15) 16 – F_23 QM_PIN_ID_23 TDI* GPIO23 UART_B_CTS / UART_B_RE UART_B header – pin 6 USB – FT232H (J9) *default mode Programming I/O Pin Multiplexing in QMSI QMSI provides the following functions to set up pin multiplexing: qm_rc_t qm_pmux_select(qm_pin_id_t pin, qm_pmux_fn_t fn) The qm_pmux_select function set the I/O pin specified by the pin parameter to the function specified by the fn parameter. For example the following call selects function 2 (UART_A_RXD) on pin QM_PIN_ID_13: qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_13, QM_PMUX_FN_2); qm_rc_t qm_pmux_input_en(qm_pin_id_t pin, bool enable) The qm_pmux_input_en function enables or disables input mode on the I/O pin specified by the pin parameter, according to the value of the enable parameter. For example the following call enables input mode on pin QM_PIN_ID_13: qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_13, true); Snippet for configuring pin multiplexing on UART_A qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_12, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_13, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_13, true);

/* Following 3 calls only needed when using RTS/CTS handshake */

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_14, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_15, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_14, true); Snippet for configuring pin multiplexing on UART_B qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_20, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_21, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_21, true);

/* Following 3 calls only needed when using RTS/CTS handshake */

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_22, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_23, QM_PMUX_FN_2);

qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_22, true); Important Note Once UART_B signals are multiplexed to the I/O pins, the JTAG functionality is no longer available, and the microcontroller cannot be controlled (flashed or debugged) using the JTAG interface. The boot ROM code provides a hook to allow reprogramming the microcontroller in this case. Use the following procedure to reprogram the microcontroller: Temporarily connect Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 pin number 5, package pin name F_13 to the ground. On the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000, connect Arduino breakout pin 0 – RX to the GND pin using a jumper wire. Reboot the microcontroller. On the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000, simply press the RESET button. Restart OpenOCD. In the Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers, navigate to the Debug Perspective, find the OpenOCD Session window, click the red Stop OpenOCD button in the top right corner of that window, and then click the green Start OpenOCD button. Flash the microcontroller normally. Disconnect the pin connected in the step number 1 (otherwise the firmware will not run). UART Clock Gating To reduce the power consumption Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 allows enabling or disabling the clock for on-chip peripherals, including UART interfaces. The clock can be enabled for UART interfaces using the clk_periph_enable QMSI function as follows: /* enable clock for UART_A */

clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTA_REGISTER);

/* enable clock for UART_B */

clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTB_REGISTER); Default UART Configuration in QMSI BSP By default, the QMSI BSP (board support package) configures UART_A as follows: Only TX signal is multiplexed to the I/O pin (output only) The baud rate is set to 115000 bps The UART data format is configured for 8 data bits, no parity, and 1 stop bit The following QMSI BSP functions handle UART setup: _start() in sys/app_entry.c stdout_uart_setup() in sys/newlib-syscalls.c Writing data to UART Using QM_PRINTF QMSI provides the QM_PRINTF function - a simplified version of the C standard library printf function that can be used to output data to the UART. Default UART By default, the QM_PRINTF function uses UART_A for the output. This is defined using the STDOUT_UART macro in include/qm_common.h. To use UART_B for the QM_PRINTF output, define STDOUT_UART_1 to 1. This should be done before #include <qm_common.h> directive. For example: #define STDOUT_UART_1 (1)
#include <qm_common.h> QM_PRINTF Limitations Due to code size constraints QM_PRINTF supports only a subset of the printf format specifiers: The following format specifiers are supported: %d – signed integer; long “l” sub-specifier is ignored %u – unsigned integer; long “l” sub-specifier is ignored %X and %x – integer in hexadecimal format %s – string Padding is not supported. Format specifiers like %02d will result in an incorrect output. The character format specifier %c is not supported. Example using QM_PRINTF The following code will print a message on the default UART. QM_PRINTF("Welcome to Intel Quark Microcontroller D2000\r\n"); Configuring UART Parameters Reading Current UART Configuration QMSI uses the qm_uart_config_t structure to store the UART configuration. The current UART configuration can be read using the qm_uart_get_config function: qm_rc_t qm_uart_get_config(const qm_uart_t uart, qm_uart_config_t *cfg) The uart parameter specifies the UART interface: QM_UART_0 for UART_A, and QM_UART_1 for UARTB_B. The cfg parameter specifies the location of the qm_uart_config_t structure to store the configuration data into. For example, the following code will read the configuration of the UART_A. qm_uart_config_t uart0_cfg;
qm_uart_get_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg); Setting New UART Configuration The new UART configuration can be set using the qm_uart_set_config function: qm_rc_t qm_uart_set_config(const qm_uart_t uart, const qm_uart_config_t *cfg) The uart parameter specifies the UART interface, and the cfg parameter specifies the location of the qm_uart_config_t structure with the new configuration parameters. Setting Parameters in the qm_uart_config_t Structure The qm_uart_config_t contains the following members: line_control The line_control variable contains the settings for the UART Line Control Register (LCR). This register configures the UART data format: number of data bits, number of stop bits, and parity settings. The include/qm_uart.h file provides definitions for commonly used LCR values: /**
 * UART Line control.
 */
typedef enum {
	QM_UART_LC_5N1 = 0x00,   /**< 5 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_5N1_5 = 0x04, /**< 5 data bits, no parity, 1.5 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_5E1 = 0x18,   /**< 5 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_5E1_5 = 0x1c, /**< 5 data bits, even parity, 1.5 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_5O1 = 0x08,   /**< 5 data bits, odd parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_5O1_5 = 0x0c, /**< 5 data bits, odd parity, 1.5 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_6N1 = 0x01,   /**< 6 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_6N2 = 0x05,   /**< 6 data bits, no parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_6E1 = 0x19,   /**< 6 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_6E2 = 0x1d,   /**< 6 data bits, even parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_6O1 = 0x09,   /**< 6 data bits, odd parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_6O2 = 0x0d,   /**< 6 data bits, odd parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_7N1 = 0x02,   /**< 7 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_7N2 = 0x06,   /**< 7 data bits, no parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_7E1 = 0x1a,   /**< 7 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_7E2 = 0x1e,   /**< 7 data bits, even parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_7O1 = 0x0a,   /**< 7 data bits, odd parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_7O2 = 0x0e,   /**< 7 data bits, odd parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_8N1 = 0x03,   /**< 8 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_8N2 = 0x07,   /**< 8 data bits, no parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_8E1 = 0x1b,   /**< 8 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_8E2 = 0x1f,   /**< 8 data bits, even parity, 2 stop bits */
	QM_UART_LC_8O1 = 0x0b,   /**< 8 data bits, odd parity, 1 stop bit */
	QM_UART_LC_8O2 = 0x0f    /**< 8 data bits, odd parity, 2 stop bits */
} qm_uart_lc_t;
 baud_divisor The baud_divisor variable configures the UART baud rate. It contains the packed settings for UART divisor registers. Each UART has three divisor registers: DLH - divisor latch high - 8 bit size DLL- divisor latch low - 8 bit size DLF - divisor latch fraction - 4 bit size These divisor registers define the ratio the system clock frequency needs to be divided by to obtain UART clock frequency (baud rate). The divisor registers’ values can be calculated as follows: Calculate the divisor, round to the nearest integer: divisor = system clock frequency / baud rate Calculate the divisor latch high value, round to the nearest smaller or equal integer (floor): dlh = divisor / 4096 Calculate the divisor latch low value, round to the nearest smaller or equal integer (floor): dll = (divisor - dlh * 4096) / 16 Calculate the divisor fraction value: dlf = divisor - dlh * 4096 - dll*16 The packed baud_divisor value can be then obtained using QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(dlh, dll, dlf) macro. For example, to get a 9600 baud rate, and assuming the system clock frequency of 32 MHz (as used in Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000), the following calculation is used: divisor = 32000000 / 9600 = 3333 (rounded down from 3333.3333) dlh = divisor / 4096 = 3333 / 4096 = 0 dll = (divisor - dlh * 4096) / 16 = (3333 - 0 * 4096) / 16 = 208 dlf = divisor - dlh * 4096 - dll * 16 = 3333 - 0 * 4096 - 208 * 16 = 5 The table below gives divisor values for commonly used baud rates assuming 32 MHz system clock: Baud rate dlh (divisor latch high) dll (divisor latch low) dlf (divisor latch fraction) 115200 bps 0 17 6 57600 bps 0 34 12 38400 bps 0 52 1 19200 bps 0 104 3 9600 bps 0 208 5 2400 bps 3 65 5 1200 bps 6 130 11 hw_fc The hw_fc is a Boolean variable that enables or disables hardware flow control. Setting it to 0 disables hardware flow control, while setting it to 1 enables hardware flow control. Configuring UART Example The following snippet configures the UART_A to 9600 bps, 8 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit, no hardware flow control. The calculation of the divisor values is given in the baud_divisor section above. qm_uart_config_t uart0_cfg;

uart0_cfg.baud_divisor = QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(0, 208, 5);

uart0_cfg.line_control = QM_UART_LC_8N1;

uart0_cfg.hw_fc = 0;

qm_uart_set_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg); QMSI UART Input / Output Functions Getting UART Status QMSI provides the qm_uart_get_status function to obtain the current status of an UART. qm_uart_status_t qm_uart_get_status(const qm_uart_t uart) The uart parameter specifies the UART to get the status for. The return value is a bitwise OR value of one or more of the following: QM_UART_IDLE – UART TX FIFO and transmit shift registers are empty. QM_UART_LSR_OE – Receiver overrun error QM_UART_LSR_PE – Receiver parity error QM_UART_LSR_FE – Receiver framing error QM_UART_LSR_BI – “Break interrupt” condition QM_UART_TX_BUSY – UART TX FIFO or transmit shift register are not empty QM_UART_RX_BUSY – Received data is ready Sending and Receiving Data QMSI provides several functions with slightly different functionality to send and receive the data. They can be broken down into the following categories: Blocking I/O – These functions wait for the data to be sent or received. Non-blocking I/O – These functions return immediately. These functions do not check for errors, for the data availability, or for the space in TX FIFO. The caller should check for these conditions using the qm_uart_get_status function. Interrupt-driven I/O – These functions send or receive data in the background, using UART interrupts to manage send and receive FIFOs. Blocking I/O Functions qm_rc_t qm_uart_write(const qm_uart_t uart, const uint8_t data) The qm_uart_write function writes a single byte of data specified by the data parameter to the UART specified by the uart parameter. This is a blocking I/O function and it will wait (will not return) until the data is sent. Currently the qm_uart_write function always returns the QM_RC_OK value. qm_uart_status_t qm_uart_read(const qm_uart_t uart, uint8_t *data) The qm_uart_read function reads a single byte of data from the UART specified by the uart parameter. It stores the data in the location specified by the data pointer. This is a blocking I/O function and it will wait (will not return) until the data is available and can be read, or if an error occurs. The return value of this function is a bitwise OR value of one or more of the following: QM_UART_OK – Data was read successfully QM_UART_LSR_OE – Receiver overrun error QM_UART_LSR_PE – Receiver parity error QM_UART_LSR_FE – Receiver framing error QM_UART_LSR_BI – “Break interrupt” condition qm_rc_t qm_uart_write_buffer(const qm_uart_t uart, const uint8_t *const data, uint32_t len) The qm_uart_write_buffer function is a blocking I/O function. It writes multiple bytes from a buffer specified by the data parameter. The number of the bytes to be written is specified by len parameter. Currently the qm_uart_write_buffer function always returns the QM_RC_OK value. Non-blocking I/O Functions qm_rc_t qm_uart_write_non_block(const qm_uart_t uart, const uint8_t data) The qm_uart_write_non_block function writes a single byte of data specified by the data parameter to the UART specified by the uart parameter. This is a non-blocking I/O function. It will return immediately after writing the data to the UART’s transmitter holding register. It does not check if the space is available in TX FIFO. Currently the qm_uart_write_non_block function always returns the QM_RC_OK value. uint8_t qm_uart_read_non_block(const qm_uart_t uart) The qm_uart_read_non_block function reads and returns a single byte of data from the UART specified by the uart parameter. This is a non-blocking I/O function. This function returns immediately, and does not check if received data is available, or if any receive errors had occurred. The return value is the content of the UART’s receive buffer register. Interrupt-driven I/O – Transfer Structure The interrupt-driven I/O functions use the qm_uart_transfer_t structure to pass the parameters for the data transfer. This structure contains the following members: data The data variable is a uint8_t* pointer to the buffer. For the write function, the buffer should contain the data to be sent. For the read function, it specifies the buffer to store the received data in. data_len The data_len variable is a uint32_t value specifying the number of the bytes to transfer. fin_callback The fin_callback variable contains the pointer to the callback function to be called once data transfer is complete. The application must define this callback (the err_callback cannot have NULL value). The signature of the callback function is void fin_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len), where the id parameter specifies the transfer identifier (see id variable below), and the len parameter specifies the number of bytes successfully transferred. err_callback The err_callback variable contains the pointer to the callback function to be called in case of receive errors. Currently, it is not used for write operations. The application must define this callback for both read or write operations (the err_callback cannot have NULL value). The signature of this callback function is void err_callback(uint32_t id, qm_uart_status_t status), where the id parameter specifies the transfer identifier (see id variable below), and the status parameter contains the error bits from line status register (LSR) – a bitwise OR value of one or more of the following: QM_UART_LSR_OE – Receiver overrun error QM_UART_LSR_PE – Receiver parity error QM_UART_LSR_FE – Receiver framing error QM_UART_LSR_BI – “Break interrupt” condition id The id parameter is a uint32_t transfer identifier. The application can use this parameter to identify transfers in callback functions. Note that QMSI supports only one active read and one active write transfer per UART. Registering Interrupt Service Routine for Interrupt-driven I/O Prior to using interrupt-driven I/O functions, it is necessary to register the QMSI UART interrupt service routine (ISR). This is done by calling the qm_irq_request function with the following parameters: For UART_A qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_UART_0, qm_uart_0_isr); For UART_B: qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_UART_1, qm_uart_1_isr); Interrupt-driven I/O Functions qm_uart_status_t qm_uart_irq_write(const qm_uart_t uart, const qm_uart_transfer_t *const xfer) The qm_uart_irq_write function initiates interrupt-driven UART write transfer. The uart parameter specifies the UART to be used for the write transfer. The xfer parameter specifies the location of the transfer structure populated with data location, length, callback functions pointers, and transfer id. The function returns one of the following values: QM_UART_OK – Transfer was initiated successfully QM_UART_TX_BUSY – UART TX FIFO or UART transmitter holding registers are busy. The transfer is not initiated in this case. qm_uart_status_t qm_uart_irq_read(const qm_uart_t uart, const qm_uart_transfer_t *const xfer) The qm_uart_irq_read function initiates interrupt-driven UART read transfer. The uart parameter specifies the UART to be used for the read transfer. The xfer parameter specifies the location of the transfer structure populated with data location, length, callback functions pointers, and transfer id. The function returns one of the following values: QM_UART_OK – Transfer was initiated successfully QM_UART_RX_BUSY – Previous transfer has not been completed yet. The data length specified in previous request has not been read yet. The transfer is not initiated in this case. qm_rc_t qm_uart_write_terminate(const qm_uart_t uart) The qm_uart_write_terminate function terminates the current interrupt-driven write transfer for the UART specified by the uart parameter. It calls the transfer complete callback function, indicating the number of bytes that were actually written. Currently, qm_uart_write_terminate always returns QM_RC_OK. qm_rc_t qm_uart_read_terminate(const qm_uart_t uart) The qm_uart_read_terminate function terminates the current interrupt-driven read transfer for the UART specified by the uart parameter. It calls the transfer complete callback function, indicating the number of bytes that were actually read. Currently, the qm_uart_read_terminate function always returns the QM_RC_OK value. Direct Access to UART Registers To access the UART functionality that is not exposed through QMSI UART Input / Output functions, you can access the UART registers directly. The UART registers in the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 are memory mapped and exposed to the QMSI programmer through the QM_UART array, containing qm_uart_reg_t structures for each one of the UARTs. The qm_uart_reg_t structure contains all the UART registers. For example, to access modem control register (MCR) of the UART_A, and set the loopback bit, you can use the following code: QM_UART[QM_UART_0].mcr |= BIT(4); Please refer to qm_soc_regs.h for the definition of the qm_uart_reg_t structure, and to the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Datasheet for the information about UART registers. UART Programming Example: UART Setup and Blocking I/O Description The code below shows how to configure and use both UART interfaces. It configures UART_A for 115200 bps and UART_B for 9600 bps. Next, it scans both UART interfaces for available data. When a character becomes available on a UART, it is read, and written to the other UART. Follow the next steps to run this code on the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 board: Open Intel® Systems Studio for Microcontrollers. Create a new QMSI BSP project using hello_world as the template Replace main.c with the code below. Compile and flash the code to the microcontroller. Disconnect the board from the USB port, then move jumpers J9, J10, and J11 to CTS, TXD, and N/C positions respectively. Connect an FTDI USB TTL Serial Cable TTL-232R-3V3 cable to the Arduino breakout pins as follows: FTDI cable pin 1 (GND) to GND pin on the Arduino breakout header FTDI cable pin 3 (TX) to pin number 0 (RX) on the Arduino breakout header FTDI cable pin 4 (RX) to pin number 1 (TX) on the Arduino breakout header Reconnect the board to the USB port. Connect the FTDI cable to the USB port as well. On Windows OS, you must change the driver for the board to the FTDI CDM driver. Start terminal emulator software (for example PuTTY, screen, or minicom) on both USB virtual serial ports. Configure the port connected to the FTDI cable to 115200 bps, and the port connected to the developer kit board to 9600 bps. Reset the board. Observe the sign-in message on both terminals. Type some characters on one of the terminals. The typed characters should appear on the other terminal. Once done experimenting with this sample, reprogram the board using for example hello_world code, as described in the Important Note in the I/O Pin Multiplexing section. On Windows OS, you must change the driver for the board to the WinUSB driver. Code /* UART configuration example */

#include <qm_common.h>
#include <qm_pinmux.h>
#include <qm_uart.h>
#include <qm_scss.h>

int main(void)
{
	qm_uart_config_t uart0_cfg;
	qm_uart_config_t uart1_cfg;
	uint8_t uart0_message[] =
	    "This is UART_A. Characters typed here will appear on UART_B.\r\n";
	uint8_t uart1_message[] =
	    "This is UART_B. Characters typed here will appear on UART_A.\r\n";
	uint8_t data;

	/* UART_A I/O pins multiplexing setup
	 * QMSI BSP only configures UART_A_TXD signal.
	 * The following code configures both TXD and RXD signals
	 * and sets up RXD pin in input mode
	 */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_12, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_A_TXD */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_13, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_A_RXD */
	qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_13, true); /* UART_A_RXD is an input */
	
	/* UART_B I/O pins multiplexing setup
	 * By default UART_B pins are multiplexed to JTAG.
	 * The following code configures all relevant pins to UART_B signals
       * and sets up RXD and RTS pins in input mode
	 */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_20, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_B_TXD */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_21, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_B_RXD */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_22, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_B_RTS */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_23, QM_PMUX_FN_2); /* configure UART_B_CTS */
	qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_21, true); /* UART_B_RXD is an input */
	qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_22, true); /* UART_B_RTS is an input */

	/* Stores current UART_A configuration to uart0_cfg */
	qm_uart_get_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg);

	/* Configures UART_A for 115200 bps */
	uart0_cfg.baud_divisor = QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(0, 17, 6);

	/* Configures UART_B for 9600 bps,
	 * 8 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit
	 */
	uart1_cfg.baud_divisor = QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(0, 208, 5);
	uart1_cfg.line_control = QM_UART_LC_8N1;
	uart1_cfg.hw_fc = 1;

	qm_uart_set_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg);
	qm_uart_set_config(QM_UART_1, &uart1_cfg);

	/* enable clock for UART_A */
	clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTA_REGISTER);
	/* enable clock for UART_B */
	clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTB_REGISTER);

	/* this message will only be printed on the default UART */
	QM_PRINTF("Welcome to Intel Quark D2000 UART configuration demo.\r\n");

	qm_uart_write_buffer(QM_UART_0, uart0_message, sizeof(uart0_message));
	qm_uart_write_buffer(QM_UART_1, uart1_message, sizeof(uart1_message));

	while(1) {
		/* checks if received data is available on UART_A */
		if (qm_uart_get_status(QM_UART_0) && QM_UART_RX_BUSY) {
			/* reads byte from UART_A */
			if (qm_uart_read(QM_UART_0, &data) == QM_UART_OK) {
				/* and sends to to UART_B */
				qm_uart_write(QM_UART_1, data);
				/* adds line feed in case of carriage return */
				if (data == '\r') {
					qm_uart_write(QM_UART_1, '\n');
				}
			}
		}
		/* checks if received data is available on UART_B */
		if (qm_uart_get_status(QM_UART_1) && QM_UART_RX_BUSY) {
			/* reads byte from UART_B */
			if (qm_uart_read(QM_UART_1, &data) == QM_UART_OK) {
				/* and sends to to UART_A */
				qm_uart_write(QM_UART_0, data);
				/* adds line feed in case of carriage return */
				if (data == '\r') {
					qm_uart_write(QM_UART_0, '\n');
				}
			}
		}
	}

	return 0;
} UART Programming Example: Interrupt-driven I/O Description The code below shows how to use interrupt-driven I/O. It configures UART_A for 115200 bps, and prints a sign-in message. Next, it configures UART for loopback mode, sets up and starts the interrupt-driven transmit operation, and then sets up and starts interrupt driver receive operation. When both operations are complete, it disables the loopback mode and prints the received data. Follow the next steps to run this code on the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Developer Kit D2000 board: Open Intel® Systems Studio for Microcontrollers. Create a new QMSI BSP project using hello_world as the template. Replace main.c with the code below. Compile and flash the code to the microcontroller. Connect an FTDI USB TTL Serial Cable TTL-232R-3V3 cable to the Arduino breakout pins as follows: FTDI cable pin 1 (GND) to GND pin on the Arduino breakout header FTDI cable pin 3 (TX) to pin number 0 (RX) on the Arduino breakout header FTDI cable pin 4 (RX) to pin number 1 (TX) on the Arduino breakout header Start terminal emulator software (for example PuTTY, screen, or minicom) on the FTDI cable serial port. Configure the port connected to the FTDI cable to 115200 bps. Reset the board. Observe the messages on the terminal. Code /* UART interrupt driven I/O example */

#include <qm_pinmux.h>
#include <qm_uart.h>
#include <qm_interrupt.h>
#include <qm_scss.h>
#include <qm_power.h>

#define TX_XFER_ID 1
#define RX_XFER_ID 2

static void uart0_tx_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len);
static void uart0_rx_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len);
static void uart0_error_callback(uint32_t id, qm_uart_status_t status);
void uart_set_loopback_mode(const qm_uart_t uart, bool enable);

static uint8_t tx_buffer[] =
		"This is the test data being send and received by the UART.";
static uint8_t rx_buffer[64];

static bool tx_xfer_complete = false;
static bool rx_xfer_complete = false;
static bool rx_xfer_error = 0;

int main(void)
{
	qm_uart_config_t uart0_cfg;
	qm_uart_transfer_t tx_xfer, rx_xfer;

	/* Configures UART_A for 115200 bps */
	uart0_cfg.baud_divisor = QM_UART_CFG_BAUD_DL_PACK(0, 17, 6);
	uart0_cfg.line_control = QM_UART_LC_8N1;
	uart0_cfg.hw_fc = false;

	/* Multiplexes the UARTA RXD and RXD pins and enables input for RXD */
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_12, QM_PMUX_FN_2);
	qm_pmux_select(QM_PIN_ID_13, QM_PMUX_FN_2);
	qm_pmux_input_en(QM_PIN_ID_13, true);

	clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_CLK | CLK_PERIPH_UARTA_REGISTER);
	qm_uart_set_config(QM_UART_0, &uart0_cfg);

	QM_PRINTF("Welcome to Intel Quark D2000 UART interrupt driven I/O demo.\r\n");

	/* Enables UART loopback mode */
	uart_set_loopback_mode(QM_UART_0, true);

	/* Sets up interrupt service routine for UART_A */
	qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_UART_0, qm_uart_0_isr);

	/* Sets up interrupt driven transmit request */
	tx_xfer.data = tx_buffer;
	tx_xfer.data_len = sizeof(tx_buffer);
	tx_xfer.fin_callback = uart0_tx_callback;
	tx_xfer.err_callback = uart0_error_callback;
	tx_xfer.id = TX_XFER_ID;

	/* Initiates interrupt driven transmit request */
	qm_uart_irq_write(QM_UART_0, &tx_xfer);

	/* Sets up interrupt driven receive request */
	rx_xfer.data = rx_buffer;
	rx_xfer.data_len = sizeof(tx_buffer);
	rx_xfer.fin_callback = uart0_rx_callback;
	rx_xfer.err_callback = uart0_error_callback;
	rx_xfer.id = RX_XFER_ID;

	/* Initiates interrupt driven receive request */
	qm_uart_irq_read(QM_UART_0, &rx_xfer);


	/* Waits for transfers to complete */
	while (!tx_xfer_complete || !rx_xfer_complete) {
		cpu_halt();
	}

	/* Disables UART loopback mode */
	uart_set_loopback_mode(QM_UART_0, false);

	if (0 == rx_xfer_error) {
		QM_PRINTF("UART interrupt driven transmit and receive complete.\r\n");
		QM_PRINTF("Buffer: %s\r\n", rx_buffer);
	} else {
		QM_PRINTF("UART interrupt driven I/O error.\r\n");
		QM_PRINTF("UART LSR error bits: 0x%d\r\n", rx_xfer_error);
	}

	while(1) {
		cpu_halt();
	}

	return 0;
}

void uart0_tx_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len)
{
	switch (id) {

	case TX_XFER_ID:
		tx_xfer_complete = true;
		break;

	default:
		break;
	}
}

void uart0_rx_callback(uint32_t id, uint32_t len)
{
	switch (id) {

	case RX_XFER_ID:
		rx_xfer_complete = true;
		break;
	default:
		break;
	}
}

void uart0_error_callback(uint32_t id, qm_uart_status_t status)
{
	rx_xfer_error = status;
}

void uart_set_loopback_mode(const qm_uart_t uart, bool enable)
{
	if (enable) {
		QM_UART[uart].mcr |= BIT(4);
	} else {
		QM_UART[uart].mcr &= ~BIT(4);
	}
} License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 - Accelerometer Tutorial Predicting User Activity in Devices Using an Accelerometer with the Intel® Edison Board Intel® Quark™ D1000 – PushButton ISR Example Mobile Messaging with Twilio Intel Edison® to Microsoft Azure Part 1 SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 8 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,595,763 members (61,375 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as IoT Stats 3.7K views 1 bookmarked Posted 8 Sep 2016 Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 - Accelerometer Tutorial Intel Corporation, 8 Sep 2016 CPOL This sample application reads and outputs accelerometer data to the serial port, and also uses the Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives for Microcontrollers (DSP functions) library to compute root mean square, variance, and mean for the last 15 Z axis readings. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers includes multiple samples to help you get up to speed with its basic functionality and become familiar with the Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller Software Interface (Intel® QMSI). This sample application reads and outputs accelerometer data to the serial port, and also uses the Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives for Microcontrollers (DSP functions) library to compute root mean square, variance, and mean for the last 15 Z axis readings. Requirements Ensure you have completed the Getting Started instructions which you can find here: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/d2000/get-started Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 developer board and USB cable Intel ® System Studio for Microcontrollers FTDI cable (model TTL-232R-3V3 works well) for serial output. You can purchase an FTDI cable or find out more about them here: http://www.ftdichip.com/Products/Cables/USBTTLSerial.htm. Links at the top of that page let you download drivers for the FTDI cable, if needed. Instructions Connect the FTDI cable for serial output by connecting the cables in the following configuration: Connect GND (black) from the serial cable to the board's GND pin. Connect TXD (orange) from the serial cable to the board's RX pin. Connect RXD (yellow) from the serial cable to the board's TX pin. Launch the Intel ® System Studio for Microcontrollers IDE. Create a project with the "Accelerometer" sample project file, as follows: From the File menu, select New, and then select Intel Project for Microcontrollers. The Create a new Project wizard appears. Specify the following values in the Create a new Project wizard: Developer board: Intel® Quark™ D2000 Developer Board Project type: Intel® QMSI (1.1) Connection type: USB-Onboard Project name: Accelerometer Click Finish. Set up the Serial Terminal view to see the sensor output. This window will display the accelerometer's sensor data via the UART interface over the serial cable. Tip: The port will vary depending on the serial hardware used, and there may be more than one listed. There are a few ways to check your port: Note: If you close the Serial Terminal window, you can open it again by choosing Window > Show View > Other > Intel ISSM > Serial Terminal At the bottom right of the window, select the Serial Terminal tab, and click the icon to open a new serial terminal connection. Ensure that the correct serial port is selected. You can also click the Custom configuration menu to modify the default serial connection settings. Unplug the FTDI cable from your PC and refresh the "Open Serial Terminal" window to determine which COM port is active. Linux*: Use the ‘dmesg’ command to view your port status. Windows*: Open Device Manager to view the Ports (COM & LPT) status. Click OK and the connection to the Serial Terminal will be made. You should see status "Connected" in the serial console. Build and deploy your project. Note: you can also deploy and debug. From the Debug drop-down list, select "Accelerometer (flashing)". Select the "Accelerometer" project in the Project Explorer. Click the Build button to compile your project. From the Run drop-down list, select "Accelerometer (flashing)". View X, Y, and Z values from the accelerometer in the terminal. How It Works The accelerometer sample uses the onboard Bosch BMC150 accelerometer connected to the microcontroller using the I2C interface, and the RTC (real time clock) integrated in Intel® Quark™ microcontroller. It also uses the integrated UART module for the data output over serial port. The sample begins in the main function, with setting up RTC parameters in an rtc configuration structure: /* Configure the RTC and request the IRQ. */
rtc.init_val = 0;
rtc.alarm_en = true;
rtc.alarm_val = INTERVAL;
rtc.callback = accel_callback;
rtc.callback_data = NULL;
 This configuration enables the RTC alarm, and sets accel_callback as the callback function for the RTC alarm. It is used to periodically print accelerometer data. Next, the code requests an interrupt for the RTC by using a QMSI API call, and also enables the RTC clock: qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_RTC_0, qm_rtc_isr_0);

/* Enable the RTC. */
clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_RTC_REGISTER | CLK_PERIPH_CLK);
 After that, it configures the accelerometer parameters depending on the accelerometer type (BMC150 or BMI160): #if (QUARK_D2000)
      cfg.pos = BMC150_J14_POS_0;
#endif /* QUARK_D2000 */

       /* Initialise the sensor config and set the mode. */
      bmx1xx_init(cfg);
      bmx1xx_accel_set_mode(BMX1XX_MODE_2G);

#if (BMC150_SENSOR)
       bmx1xx_set_bandwidth(BMC150_BANDWIDTH_64MS); /* Set the bandwidth. */
#elif(BMI160_SENSOR)
       bmx1xx_set_bandwidth(BMI160_BANDWIDTH_10MS); /* Set the bandwidth. */
#endif /* BMC150_SENSOR */ The cfs.pos parameter is used to configure the accelerometer address for the BMC150 accelerometer. The Intel® Quark™ Microcontroller D2000 Developer Kit board has a jumper that allows changing the address. The BMC150_J14_POS_0 is the default (no jumper, I2C address 0x10) configuration. Next, the RTC configuration is set up, thus enabling the RTC alarm:  /* Start the RTC. */
qm_rtc_set_config(QM_RTC_0, &rtc);
 A while loop is used to wait for the defined number of samples from the accelerometer to be read and printed to the serial console output: /* Wait for the correct number of samples to be read. */
while (!complete)
;
 Each time the 125-millisecond interval is reached and the RTC alarm is triggered, the following accel_callback function is invoked. The accel data structure defined at the start of the function is passed into the bmx1xx_read_accel function, which populates it with the current accelerometer data read. If this read is successful, the accelerometer data is printed to the serial console output; otherwise, an error message is printed. /* Accel callback will run every time the RTC alarm triggers. */
static void accel_callback(void *data)
{
       bmx1xx_accel_t accel = {0};

       if (0 == bmx1xx_read_accel(&accel)) {
              QM_PRINTF("x %d y %d z %d\n", accel.x, accel.y, accel.z);
       } else {
              QM_PUTS("Error: unable to read from sensor");
       } If IPP is enabled (it is enabled by default in the sample application), it prints the statistics for the Z axis by calling the print_axis_stats function. (See the print_axis_stats function description, below.) #if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
       print_axis_stats(accel.z);
#endif /* __IPP_ENABLE__ */
 The callback function checks whether the defined number of samples have been read; if not, the RTC alarm is reset and the count is incremented, otherwise the complete variable is set to true. /* Reset the RTC alarm to fire again if necessary. */
if (cb_count < NUM_SAMPLES) {
       qm_rtc_set_alarm(QM_RTC_0,
                     (QM_RTC[QM_RTC_0].rtc_ccvr + INTERVAL));
       cb_count++;
} else {
       complete = true;
}
 Note that by default, the application reads 500 samples (NUM_SAMPLES) before exiting. Finally, when the complete variable is set to true, the while loop exits and the applications prints a final statement to the serial console output, and exits.        QM_PUTS("Finished: Accelerometer example app");

       return 0;
} Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives for Microcontrollers Library The Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives for Microcontrollers library is a set of building blocks for signal and data processing applications for x86-based microcontrollers. Intel® IPP is available with an Intel® IPP classic-style API and a generic DSP-style API; this application is developed with the DSP-style API to demonstrate the usage of Intel® IPP for Microcontrollers in a DSP use case. Additional information on Intel® IPP can be found in the Intel® System Studio for Microcontrollers User and Reference Guide. The print_axis_stats function uses the Intel IPP (Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives) library to print the statistics of the last 15 (set by NUM_SAMPLES) Z axis readings. First, it updates the samples array with the new Z axis sample, and if needed, updates the samples count: static void print_axis_stats(int16_t value)
{
       static uint32_t index = 0;
       static uint32_t count = 0;
       float32_t mean, var, rms;

       /* Overwrite the oldest sample in the array. */
       samples[index] = value;
       /* Move the index on the next position, wrap around if necessary. */
       index = (index + 1) % SAMPLES_SIZE;

       /* Store number of samples until it reaches SAMPLES_SIZE. */
       count = count == SAMPLES_SIZE ? SAMPLES_SIZE : count + 1; Next, it calculates and prints root mean square, variance, and mean values for the collected samples, using the ippsq statistics functions: /* Get the root mean square (RMS), variance and mean. */
       ippsq_rms_f32(samples, count, &rms);
       ippsq_var_f32(samples, count, &var);
       ippsq_mean_f32(samples, count, &mean);

       QM_PRINTF("rms %d var %d mean %d\n", (int)rms, (int)var, (int)mean);
} Accelerometer Sample Application Code /*
* Copyright (c) 2016, Intel Corporation
* All rights reserved.
*/
 
/*
* QMSI Accelerometer app example.
*
* This app will read the accelerometer data from the onboard BMC150/160 sensor
* and print it to the console every 125 milliseconds. The app will complete
* once it has read 500 samples.
*
* If the app is compiled with the Intel(R) Integrated Performance Primitives
* (IPP) library enabled, it will also print the Root Mean Square (RMS),
* variance and mean of the last 15 samples each time.
*/

#include 
#if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
#include 
#endif
#include "clk.h"
#include "qm_interrupt.h"
#include "qm_isr.h"
#include "qm_rtc.h"
#include "qm_uart.h"
#include "bmx1xx/bmx1xx.h"

#define INTERVAL (QM_RTC_ALARM_SECOND >> 3) /* 125 milliseconds. */
#define NUM_SAMPLES (500)
#if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
/* Number of samples to use to generate the statistics from. */
#define SAMPLES_SIZE (15)
#endif /* __IPP_ENABLED__ */

static volatile uint32_t cb_count = 0;
static volatile bool complete = false;

#if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
static float32_t samples[SAMPLES_SIZE];

static void print_axis_stats(int16_t value)
{
      static uint32_t index = 0;
      static uint32_t count = 0;
      float32_t mean, var, rms;

      /* Overwrite the oldest sample in the array. */
      samples[index] = value;
      /* Move the index on the next position, wrap around if necessary. */
      index = (index + 1) % SAMPLES_SIZE;

      /* Store number of samples until it reaches SAMPLES_SIZE. */
      count = count == SAMPLES_SIZE ? SAMPLES_SIZE : count + 1;

      /* Get the root mean square (RMS), variance and mean. */
      ippsq_rms_f32(samples, count, &rms);
      ippsq_var_f32(samples, count, &var);
      ippsq_mean_f32(samples, count, &mean);

      QM_PRINTF("rms %d var %d mean %d\n", (int)rms, (int)var, (int)mean);
}
#endif /* __IPP_ENABLE__ */

/* Accel callback will run every time the RTC alarm triggers. */
static void accel_callback(void *data)
{
      bmx1xx_accel_t accel = {0};

      if (0 == bmx1xx_read_accel(&accel)) {
            QM_PRINTF("x %d y %d z %d\n", accel.x, accel.y, accel.z);
      } else {
            QM_PUTS("Error: unable to read from sensor");
      }

#if (__IPP_ENABLED__)
      print_axis_stats(accel.z);
#endif /* __IPP_ENABLE__ */

      /* Reset the RTC alarm to fire again if necessary. */
      if (cb_count < NUM_SAMPLES) {
            qm_rtc_set_alarm(QM_RTC_0,
                        (QM_RTC[QM_RTC_0].rtc_ccvr + INTERVAL));
            cb_count++;
      } else {
            complete = true;
      }
}

int main(void)
{
      qm_rtc_config_t rtc;
      bmx1xx_setup_config_t cfg;

      QM_PUTS("Starting: Accelerometer example app");

      /* Configure the RTC and request the IRQ. */
      rtc.init_val = 0;
      rtc.alarm_en = true;
      rtc.alarm_val = INTERVAL;
      rtc.callback = accel_callback;
      rtc.callback_data = NULL;

      qm_irq_request(QM_IRQ_RTC_0, qm_rtc_isr_0);

      /* Enable the RTC. */
      clk_periph_enable(CLK_PERIPH_RTC_REGISTER | CLK_PERIPH_CLK);

#if (QUARK_D2000)
      cfg.pos = BMC150_J14_POS_0;
#endif /* QUARK_D2000 */

      /* Initialise the sensor config and set the mode. */
      bmx1xx_init(cfg);
      bmx1xx_accel_set_mode(BMX1XX_MODE_2G);

#if (BMC150_SENSOR)
      bmx1xx_set_bandwidth(BMC150_BANDWIDTH_64MS); /* Set the bandwidth. */
#elif(BMI160_SENSOR)
      bmx1xx_set_bandwidth(BMI160_BANDWIDTH_10MS); /* Set the bandwidth. */
#endif /* BMC150_SENSOR */

      /* Start the RTC. */
      qm_rtc_set_config(QM_RTC_0, &rtc);

      /* Wait for the correct number of samples to be read. */
      while (!complete)
            ;

      QM_PUTS("Finished: Accelerometer example app");

      return 0;
} License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog 10 Ways to Boost COBOL Application Development Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API Smarter Security Camera: A POC Using the Intel® IoT Gateway Window Tabs (WndTabs) Add-In for DevStudio Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 8 Sep 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
null
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 After slamming the company in a leaked memo, Intel's $25 million man explains why he did it Eugene Kim Sep. 8, 2016, 1:07 PM 6,712 facebook linkedin twitter email print Venkata "Murthy" RenduchintalaIntel Intel spent $25 million to poach Venkata "Murthy" Renduchintala from Qualcomm last year, putting him in charge of the company's PC and IoT businesses and making him the company's second most powerful executive behind CEO Brian Krzanich. Renduchintala didn't waste anytime to make his presence felt at Intel. In a leaked memo picked up by The Oregonian's Mike Rogoway in April, Renduchintala slammed the company's slow management and lack of focus. "Over the last three months I have conducted numerous project reviews with our execution teams, and there is a clear trend that has emerged in these reviews — a lack of product/customer focus in execution that is creating schedule and competitiveness gaps in our products," the note said. But when asked about the memo in an interview at Citi Conference this week, Renduchintala defended his language, calling it an "honest communication" between himself and his direct reports. He said: "I don't think the contents of the memo was anything other than a reflection of my thoughts after three months being there, and I think they were more in terms of areas where we could refine and adjust our approach as opposed to maybe the interpretation in the press of something being really broken...It was really written as essentially a very honest communication between myself and my direct staff." "They weren't proclamations" Renduchintala added it's simply the way he intends to run his team so they can engage in constructive discussions and move quickly. He believes it's the best way to get aligned as a team without any confusions. He added: "They weren't proclamations, they were observations and perceptions, made clear in a memo, to be challenged, to be discussed, and to be the base upon which we develop a mutual understanding of how we work as a team...But at the end of the day, engage in a dialogue where we all come out aligned as a team. And it was in that spirit that I wrote the memo." Renduchintala has a reputation of being a straight shooter type of manager, according to multiple people we spoke with. One person described him as being "loud" and "not afraid to say" his opinion, while another called his leadership style "command and control" where he often "dressed down" underperforming executives at Qualcomm. Even at Intel, the current management team's reception has been "mixed," especially because of his unusually large compensation package which "came off the wrong way" internally, according to another current Intel employee we spoke with. In any case, Renduchintala has a lot of control at Intel. CEO Krzanich showed his support in April when he said Renduchintala would largely be in charge of making the final call for the company's biggest layoff in history. And all the changes are causing anger and turmoil among old timers. In fact, two long time executives, Kirk Skaugen and Doug Davis, announced their departures soon after Renduchintala was hired. SEE ALSO: Intel's $25 million man says there are 3 massive changes happening in tech right now NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... More: Intel Venkata “Murthy” Renduchintala Qualcomm facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru After slamming the company in a leaked memo, Intel's $25 million man explains why he did it After slamming the company in a leaked memo, Intel's $25 million man explains why he did it Intel spent $25 million to poach Venkata... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Former hostages explain why ISIS' foreign fighters might be overcompensating for something David Choi Sep. 8, 2016, 1:25 PM 10,832 facebook linkedin twitter email print A masked militant, who has been identified by the Washington Post as a Briton named Mohammed Emwazi, brandishes a knife in this image from a 2014 video obtained from SITE Intel Group, February 26, 2015. According to US officials, he has since been killed by US airstrikes. REUTERS/SITE Intel Group/Handout via Reuters Although foreign policy experts and human behavior psychologists can analyze the motivations of western jihadists pledging allegiance to a failing state, few have probably come close to interacting with them on a daily basis as the hostages they took by force. A report from Australian Broadcasting Corporation’s Lateline sheds light on the experiences of several hostages that seem to corroborate the over-the-top actions of their captors who originated from Europe. By doing so, the report has laid bare some of the militants' underlying motivations. In the Lateline interview, French journalist Nicolas Henin recounts his 10 months as a prisoner after being captured in Syria by ISIS militants. He differentiated between the local jihadists who had a more specific agenda, and those who merely harbored ill-will for fellow westerners. "This mad enterprise of hostage taking was mostly [a] kind of revenge of westerners against westerners ... we were almost two dozen western hostages held by mostly western captors," he explained to Lateline. “It can sound weird … but we … were sometimes protected by local Syrian members of IS against the violence of foreigners,” Henin continued in the Lateline report." For the locals, their jihad, their holy war, had a much more local agenda.” Another prisoner who shared the same cell with Henin also recounted his ordeal as ISIS’ prisoner. Daniel Rye Ottosen, who was released after paying ransom, spent 13 months being tortured by the likes of British citizen Mohammed Emwazi. "What Daniel was explaining to me was that there was a clear difference between the local guards around him and the foreign guards," explained Danish journalist Puk Damsgaard, who has since chronicled Ottosen’s tale in her book, 'The ISIS Hostage: One Man’s True Story of 13 Months in Captivity.' "The foreign guards … were among the most violent and I think some of the things that motivated them was clearly what they grew up [with] in back in England or back in France … and what they have seen on the international stage — political reasons rather than necessarily religious,” said Damsgaard to Lateline. An unidentified suspect is brought into court in Tampere, Finland, December 11, 2015. Finnish police said they arrested two Iraqi brothers believed to have been members of ISIS. Anni Reenpaa/Lehtikuva via AP Amidst the whipping and beatings, Ottosen was also the subject of humiliation, such as being forced to dance the tango and sing songs, by Emwazi. His experiences grew to the point where he even attempted suicide, only to be eventually caught by his captors. However, it doesn’t appear that Ottosen bears hatred toward his oppressors. On the contrary, in a Newsweek interview, he explained that if he was faced with them today, he would not engage them physically, but instead do so with social discourse. “I do not think that any of them were evil,” he said in Newsweek. “I remember in the schoolyard … some of the kids who are the weakest are also the ones who do cruel things to protect themselves and to hide their weaknesses.” “So I think some of the people who were very violent to us had issues. You do it because you need to prove something to somebody. I feel a little bit sorry for some of them.” Although the number of these tourist-terrorists from foreign nations may at first glance be worrisome, the recent progress of coalition forces in what was once ISIS-held territories could ultimately convince foreign fighters to second-guess their intentions. SEE ALSO: ISIS is recruiting desperate jihadists in a way al Qaeda 'never even considered' NOW WATCH: Female soldiers have created a 30-woman unit to fight ISIS in Iraq Loading video... More: Isis Syria Iraq Terrorist Prisoner Hostage Ransom facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Former hostages explain why ISIS' foreign fighters might be overcompensating for something Former hostages explain why ISIS' foreign fighters might be overcompensating for something Although foreign policy experts and human... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Military Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Fri, Nov 18, 2016 | Updated 11.30 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government IDC Herzliya signs MoU with SP Jain technology school for cybersecurity training No proposal for action against COAI over non-participation in Trai meet Global LED technology expo to be held in Delhi during December 2-4 Electric vehicle startup GMW helping companies make faster product deliveries IITs eye core sectors like finance, technology for this year's placements FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Intel launches 'Digital India Challenge 2.0' In its bid to inspire grassroots innovation and harness local talent in the country, Intel India along with the Department of Science & Technology (DST) on Thursday launched "Digital India Challenge 2.0".IANS | Updated: Sep 8, 2016, 03.49 PM IST HYDERABAD: In its bid to inspire grassroots innovation and harness local talent in the country, Intel India along with the Department of Science & Technology (DST) on Thursday launched "Digital India Challenge 2.0". Presented in collaboration with MyGov, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeITY) and Hyderabad-based T-Hub Foundation, this year's challenge invites innovators makers across India to build solutions to accelerate the digitisation and commercially develop their prototypes on Intel Architecture (iA). "It is heartening to see public-private collaborations, such as the one between Intel India, MeITY, MyGov and T-Hub, driven towards building a long-term innovation culture in the nation," said Telangana Information and Technology Minister K.T. Rama Rao. Intel to spin off cybersecurity division Intel said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. This year, the challenge will roll out in five phases, with the final taking place in April 2017. Shortlisted teams will receive Rs 3 lakh grant each to create minimum-viable products (MVPs) based on Intel Architecture (iA) in an accelerator programme at the T-Hub incubator in Hyderabad. The winning team will get Rs 20 lakh to further their project development. "Last year, there were six ideas under the challenge that completed the mind-to-market journey, and are already making their solutions available in the Indian health care and agriculture sectors," added Gaurav Dwivedi, CEO, MyGov. Intel buys artificial intelligence startup Nervana Systems run by Indian-origin entrepreneur Intel Corp said it would acquire startup Nervana Systems as the world's largest chipmaker bolsters its artificial intelligence capabilities. The Intel India initiative aims to enable technology innovation in the country for students, entrepreneurs and other innovators. "Innovation is the key ingredient for making the Digital India vision a reality, and we need a local, sustainable innovation ecosystem, to address the country's challenges," said Debjani Ghosh, Managing Director and Vice President (Sales & Marketing), Intel South Asia. "Through strong public-private collaboration, wherein MeITY, MyGov, T-Hub, and Intel India are working together to turn ideas to solutions, disruptive yet sustainable technology innovations are now a reality," she added. In its recent collaboration with NITI Aayog, Intel India is working to establish Atal Tinkering Laboratories (ATLs) for "mini makers" in 10 schools across the country. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers Apple sends out invites for October 27 event 'hello again', hints at new MacBooks and more WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced Apple discontinues 16GB iPad in India, introduces 256GB version US-based DigitalOcean announces incubator programme for startups Another Tesla electric car driver killed in an accident IT companies add lobby strength as EU gets tough Wipro plans 'legal action' to recover withheld payments from ESIC project Spacecom, Xinwei attempt to save takeover deal after SpaceX satellite explosion You may soon be able to enjoy a virtual tour of Gujarat ShopClues to invest Rs 1 crore in four startups Apple announces launch dates for iOS 10, macOS Sierra and watchOS 3 1Intel launches 'Digital India Challenge 2.0' 2Apple discontinues 16GB iPad in India, introduces 256GB version 3US-based DigitalOcean announces incubator programme for startups 4Another Tesla electric car driver killed in an accident 5IT companies add lobby strength as EU gets tough 6Wipro plans 'legal action' to recover withheld payments from ESIC project 7Spacecom, Xinwei attempt to save takeover deal after SpaceX satellite explosion 8You may soon be able to enjoy a virtual tour of Gujarat 9ShopClues to invest Rs 1 crore in four startups 10Apple announces launch dates for iOS 10, macOS Sierra and watchOS 3 GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
null

obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu GAME CHANGER How a single deal with a decidedly unhip tech company built the Vice media behemoth Written by Ashley Rodriguez Obsession Glass September 08, 2016 (AP Images/John Minchillo) Share Written by Ashley Rodriguez Obsession Glass September 08, 2016 In 2009, when most media outlets were selling display ads for pennies per click to support their burgeoning web businesses, Vice was cutting a multi-million dollar advertising deal that would become the foundation of its media empire. At the time, Vice—which had print magazines, websites, online videos, and other media properties—was making the bulk of its digital advertising revenue from banner ads, like everyone else. That is, until, it was approached by computer-chip maker Intel, the Wall Street Journal revealed (paywall) in a profile on CEO Shane Smith (and his $23 million Californian estate). Intel was growing out of touch with young audiences and was desperate to reach the millennials who were Vice’s bread and butter, the publication reported. The company’s then-chief marketing officer Deborah Conrad asked Vice for ideas on how to connect with them. It was Vice’s first foray into native advertising—ads that reflect the look and feel of the media they’re in and are often created by the media firm itself— but certainly not its last. Smith says: That program built the company. You learn, holy shit, we could do a $40 million deal with Intel where we actually create content that we like, and they don’t give notes! Why were we doing banner ads? Those $40 million deals have turned into $100 million deals. Intel and Vice partnered on a $40 million Vice-produced series funded entirely by Intel that showcased the work of contemporary artists called the Creators Project. It launched in 2010 with a website as well as print and television content, and events in five global cities. And Intel’s logo was featured modestly on all of it, so as not to mislead young audiences who were wary of covert ads and endorsements. The Creators Project is still around today. Intel is listed as a founding partner on the project, which is also sponsored by other brands like Adobe, and includes daily video and editorial content, a YouTube channel, artwork commissions, and events. Meanwhile, Vice has grown into a media behemoth with its own cable TV network, HBO programming, and deals with media brands like Verizon and Snapchat. It’s reportedly worth $4 billion and Vice expected to earn nearly $1 billion in revenue in 2015 (paywall). The company has not yet revealed its actual revenue for the year. Vice is not the only digital publisher to turn to native advertising in recent years. Buzzfeed, which doesn’t sell banner ads and makes earns most of its revenue from branded content, is largely considered the modern innovator of native advertising, which has its roots in the past. Other digital publications like Mashable (and Quartz) have also used branded content to build up their businesses, and legacy newspaper brands like the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal have in-house custom content shops today. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Waiting For AMD’s Zen Related Content Blog :  Qumulo Software Bridges File and Object Storage Divide Article :  Social Media Pitfalls and How to Avoid Them Waiting for AMD’s Zen Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 08 Sep, 2016          |         |     Share Zen is the code name for AMD’s coming processor for PCs and servers. What makes it particularly interesting is that it was redesigned from scratch to take into account current workloads, with an architecture that should allow it to compete effectively with two-socket solutions using a single socket. This should provide a number of advantages, including better thermals and performance, since more will be done in silicon. The timing is also fascinating, because I see a similarity to the last time AMD rose up, when Craig Barrett was running Intel and the firm lost track of its core markets. Zen, which had a coming out party of sorts during IDF, will show up on the desktop in limited numbers before year end, and on servers in a bit under a year. Let’s talk about why the market seems suddenly very excited about a new x86 part from AMD. Intel/AMD Both Intel and AMD are still recovering from what is largely a lost decade during which both firms tried to chase the mobile market. AMD unfortunately started its chase after it had sold off ATI’s mobile assets, making the move foolish. Intel didn’t seem to get that moving from a high-margin part to a low-margin part was literally suicidal and there was no viable path to success. Even if it had been successful in taking out Qualcomm, the drop in margins would have crippled the company. Apparently, someone had skipped economics. Both firms now find themselves with new CEOs -- even though you could argue that the problems largely came from their respective boards -- and suddenly, with very different strategies as well. Intel is currently pivoting hard from PCs and servers, based on its developer conference, to drones, IoT and autonomous cars. All of these areas are potentially very lucrative and Intel does have the resources to go after them aggressively, but I wonder if Intel has learned its lesson that it doesn’t matter how much you spend, it matters if you spend enough to get the job done. This is where most firms fail in going after new markets: They budget based on what they think they can afford, not on what it will take to be successful, so these efforts are almost globally under resourced. AMD, on the other hand, has fully buckled down and focused back on its traditional server and PC segments; and using a handpicked team of folks who came out of a variety of firms, including Intel, IBM, and Qualcomm, it has created Zen. Zen Zen isn’t available for third-party testing yet, but I have spoken to some of those who have been testing it in AMD and they are beside themselves with excitement. As I noted, this part was not one adapted from one of the earlier offerings, but it represents a clean slate, ground-up design that prioritizes current manufacturing methods, emerging loads like virtual reality, and 4K editing, and high-performance computing to create a uniquely tuned part that should be attractive to systems builders, individuals and firms that build their own hardware. I’m a big fan of clean slate efforts, even if they are just an exercise, because often things get built into a design for the wrong reasons or as a result of mistakes. Then, they are left there because nobody challenges them. You can lose some efficiencies created over time by starting this way, but if you don’t do this regularly, you likely end up carrying an increasing number of inefficiencies and false assumptions as time reveals what the market actually wants. Zen is effectively a reset for a market that was largely built on a distributed world but is now shifting hard to a mixed model where much of the actual work is done centrally. Wrapping Up: Unusual AMD Excitement I should say this is unusual excitement for any x86 part, because with all of the focus on mobile, there just hasn’t been that much interest in x86 technology for some time, even though it is still central to a market with ASPs (average selling prices) that are multiples of their mobile counterparts (which are often under even heavier price and volume pressures). In the end, Zen brings excitement and interest to a segment that is in desperate need of it and further showcases the need to rethink a product in order to better zero in, not on where it would be going, but where it should be going. And that last makes Zen a very interesting and special offering indeed. It is actually kind of interesting how many people seem to be very excited about this part. Like many, until I see my first evaluation system, I’ll be waiting for Zen. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Nvidia Linux Ibm Data Centre IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world NVLink, big bandwidth, but is it enough? A killer box 8 Sep 2016 at 14:04, Dan Olds, OrionX Dan Olds, OrionX Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles Boffins of the future gear up to build their own beastmode rigs OpenStack brings cloud at the press of a button This week's biggest shock: The race to 200Gbps has been won HPC Blog IBM is mounting its strongest challenge yet to x86 hegemony with the unveiling of its spanking new Linux based S822LC system. What makes this system different is that it’s based on a new processor/motherboard configuration, complete with a sporty NVIDIA NVLink connector. According to my research, close to half of you HPC users have a significant number of applications that are starved for more memory bandwidth. If this describes you, then you might want to take a look at this new IBM box – it has more memory bandwidth than anything else out there. How much more? Well, the basic Power 8 system has up to 230GB/s of memory bandwidth vs. 102GB/s for Intel’s latest and greatest processors. That’s a pretty good advantage right there, but IBM, with the help of its OpenPOWER buddy NVIDIA, has upped the ante by building NVLink into this new server. NVLink is a GPU connector (pictured above) that provides a very fast interconnect that can connect GPUs to GPUs, and GPUs to CPUs. It’s plenty speedy at 80 GB/s, particularly when compared to current PCIe 3.0 speeds of 32GB/s. NVLink also gives GPUs direct access to server memory, which serves to flatten the programming model and further reduce latency. Each S822LC contains four NVLink ports (close-up pictured above) supporting up to four Pascal GPUs. The other two systems announced today include the S822LC for Big Data, a storage optimized 2U two socket box that has space for up to 16 drives (96TB total), two NVIDIA K80s, and 512GB main memory. The other system is a highly dense 1U system that offers up to two processors (20 cores total), 32 TB of storage, and 512GB memory. According to IBM, this system can deliver almost 7,000 threads in a single rack, which is, again according to them, 80 per cent more than HPE’s DL360 system. Either way, that’s a lot of threads. All of these boxes can only run Linux operating systems and workloads. Their Linux ecosystem is growing at a good pace with more than 2,500 Linux ISVs developing for Power and more than 100,000 open source Linux packages optimized for Power 8. Their rebel alliance, the OpenPOWER Foundation, now boasts more than 250 members, which is quite a bit larger than the original five founding members (IBM, Google, Tyan, NVIDIA, and Mellanox). IBM has also signaled that it's going to be much more aggressive in the future when it comes to taking on Intel and its x86 partners. In an analyst briefing, it pledged to beat any x86 system on a TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) and, if I heard correctly, also on a TCA (Total Cost of Acquisition) basis. That’s a big deal for Big Blue, which has never been known for bargain basement gear pricing. I would look for IBM to follow through on their aggressive rhetoric; they need Power to become a breakthrough product in order to remain relevant as a system house. Given the specs of the new HPC box, I think they can compete and win against x86 in a lot of application areas. It’ll be good to have an old fashioned server war again, don’t you think? ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 61 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Intel India Launches 'Digital India Challenge 2.0' IANSSep 8, 2016, 06.19 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit IntelImage Credit In its bid to inspire grassroots innovation and harness local talent in the country, Intel India along with the Department of Science & Technology (DST) on Thursday launched "Digital India Challenge 2.0". Presented in collaboration with MyGov, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeITY) and Hyderabad-based T-Hub Foundation, this year's challenge invites innovators makers across India to build solutions to accelerate the digitisation and commercially develop their prototypes on Intel Architecture (iA). "It is heartening to see public-private collaborations, such as the one between Intel India, MeITY, MyGov and T-Hub, driven towards building a long-term innovation culture in the nation," said Telangana Information and Technology Minister K.T. Rama Rao. This year, the challenge will roll out in five phases, with the final taking place in April 2017. Shortlisted teams will receive Rs 3 lakh grant each to create minimum-viable products (MVPs) based on Intel Architecture (iA) in an accelerator programme at the T-Hub incubator in Hyderabad. The winning team will get Rs 20 lakh to further their project development. "Last year, there were six ideas under the challenge that completed the mind-to-market journey, and are already making their solutions available in the Indian health care and agriculture sectors," added Gaurav Dwivedi, CEO, MyGov. The Intel India initiative aims to enable technology innovation in the country for students, entrepreneurs and other innovators. "Innovation is the key ingredient for making the Digital India vision a reality, and we need a local, sustainable innovation ecosystem, to address the country's challenges," said Debjani Ghosh, Managing Director and Vice President (Sales & Marketing), Intel South Asia. "Through strong public-private collaboration, wherein MeITY, MyGov, T-Hub, and Intel India are working together to turn ideas to solutions, disruptive yet sustainable technology innovations are now a reality," she added. In its recent collaboration with NITI Aayog, Intel India is working to establish Atal Tinkering Laboratories (ATLs) for "mini makers" in 10 schools across the country. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: MyGovministry of electronics and information technologyIntel IndiaIntel ArchitectureDigital India Challenge 2.0Digital India Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryTruecaller Integrates Apple's CallKit To Identify Spam Calls Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author PoopMD app can scan liver disease in newborns Vodafone India starts 4G trials Government's final net neutrality view still awaited: Prasad Related stories Intel India to empower non-urban citizens through technology Digital India: 15 key initiatives PMO App Contest: Google To Turn Narendra Modi’s Dream Of ‘Digital India’ Into A Reality This Is Andhra Pradesh Govt’s Way To Digital India Digital India Summit 2016: Bridging talent demand-supply gap is the key Here’s how Google will give Digital India big boost with Android M in India Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now The OnePlus 3T will launch in India in December How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not Reliance Jio will now monopolize the industrial digital space after taking over consumer tech Samsung is looking to recreate its mid-range magic with the Galaxy C5 Pro and the C7 Pro Apple's OLED dreams too big for Samsung Microsoft's Bill Gates says India to be most digitised economy in mere 7 years Phones next year will need just 15 minutes of charge to last a day, thanks to the new Snapdragon chips Do everything you want, just don't break the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone Apple iPhones may soon be made in US Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) #AdAgeUnicorns: Prasoon Joshi, The Ad Man Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.

null
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18 Intel Launches Nervana Artificial Intelligence Platform Tech giant Intel has announced a new strategy focused on artificial intelligence and based on a new portfolio of technologies centered on its recent acquisition of AI company Nervana Systems. Samsung Not Giving Up: Developing S8, New Note The affair of the flammable Note 7 caused enormous damage to Samsung, and many thought the series was gone forever. A new report, however, states that Samsung may have different plans. Firefox Focus: New App Offers Very Private Browsing Qualcomm Quick Charge To Give Phones 5-hour Charge in 5 Minutes Security Threat: PoisonTap $5 Device Hacks Password-Protected PCs Google Disappointed by South Korean Refusal on Mapping Data CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE ENTERPRISE HARDWARE NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING GOVERNMENT DATA STORAGE OPERATING SYSTEMS TECH TRENDS CIO ISSUES MOBILE TECH BIG DATA WORLD WIDE WEB BUSINESS BRIEFING CRM SYSTEMS AFTER HOURS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) Daily Briefing for Technology's Top Decision-Makers CIO TODAYTOP TECH NEWSDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMEENTERPRISE SOFTWAREENTERPRISE HARDWARENETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGGOVERNMENTMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: DATA STORAGE OPERATING SYSTEMS TECH TRENDS CIO ISSUES MOBILE TECH BIG DATA WORLD WIDE WEB BUSINESS BRIEFING CRM SYSTEMS AFTER HOURS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware TECH TRENDS Intel Acquires Movidius To Accelerate 'Computer Vision' Development Posted September 6, 2016 EARLIER Snapchat Fuels Augmented Reality Hardware Rumors THIS STORY Intel Acquires Movidius To Accelerate 'Computer Vision' Development LATER Tech May Help Steer Older Drivers Down a Safer Road YOU ARE HERE:   HOME TECH TRENDS THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Shirley Siluk. Updated September 6, 2016 9:26AM SHARE ALSO SEE Intel Chip Processor Deep Learning Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Virtual Reality Acquisition Technology News Less than a month after acquiring a startup developing a new computer chip for deep learning, Intel is adding another artificial intelligence company to its portfolio. The addition of Movidius is aimed at boosting Intel's RealSense technology for "computer vision." While neither company disclosed a figure for the deal, Ireland's public service broadcaster RTE reported the purchase price was around $362 million. Founded in 2006 and based in San Mateo, Calif., Movidius designs computer chips for vision processing. Intel said the technology will help bring its own RealSense perceptual computing platform "to fruition." Giving 'Sight to Smart Devices' "The ability to track, navigate, map and recognize both scenes and objects using Movidius' low-power and high-performance SoCs [systems on chips] opens opportunities in areas where heat, battery life and form factors are key," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, wrote in a blog post yesterday. "Specifically, we will look to deploy the technology across our efforts in augmented, virtual and merged reality (AR/VR/MR), drones, robotics, digital security cameras and beyond." Adding Movidius' vision processing unit (VPU) technology to Intel's RealSense is "a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly," Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane wrote in a separate blog post. El-Ouazzane said that Movidius' VPU is already being used by clients like Google, Lenovo, DJI and FLIR to "give sight to smart devices" such as drones, security cameras, headsets for augmented-reality and virtual-reality applications and other devices. By becoming part of Intel, Movidius will stay focused on its original goals but "with the technology and resources to innovate faster and execute at scale," he noted. A 'Cambrian Explosion of Compute' Last month, Intel announced plans to purchase Nervana, another startup, for a reported $408 million. Nervana is designing the Nervana Engine, an integrated circuit for deep learning that's expected to be released sometime next year. Intel's RealSense platform was designed to "enable intelligent, interactive and autonomous machines with human-like 3D perception." At its annual developer forum last month, Intel announced a number of new kits aimed at supporting new applications for RealSense, including robots, drones and other types of autonomous machines. The addition of Movidius' technology to RealSense will help "trigger a Cambrian explosion of compute" for the estimated 50 billion devices expected to be network-connected by 2020, Walden said yesterday. "We're on the cusp of big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence," El-Ouazzane said. "In the years ahead, we'll see new types of autonomous machines with more advanced capabilities as we make progress on one of the most difficult challenges of AI: getting our devices not just to see, but also to think." The market for artificial intelligence applications for the enterprise is expected to hit $31.2 billion by 2025, compared to the current market value of $358 million, according to a new report from the analyst firm Tractica. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Demonstrate Your Expertise Obtain an ISACA® certification and advance your IS/IT career. Register for an Exam Today> TOP OF THE NEWS FRIDAY NOVEMBER 18 Intel Launches Nervana Artificial Intelligence Platform Tech giant Intel has announced a new strategy focused on artificial intelligence and based on a new portfolio of technologies centered on its recent acquisition of AI company Nervana Systems. Samsung Not Giving Up: S8 Coming   Firefox Focus Offers Private Browsing   Qualcomm: 5 Mins. for 5-Hour Charge   $5 Tool Hacks Locked Computers   Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN TECH TRENDS Firefox Focus Offers Private Browsing Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality Is Facebook Now Too Influential? Apple Out of Touch with Consumers? Next Article > INSIDE CIO TODAY NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE ENTERPRISE HARDWARE NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING GOVERNMENT DATA STORAGE OPERATING SYSTEMS TECH TRENDS CIO ISSUES MOBILE TECH BIG DATA WORLD WIDE WEB BUSINESS BRIEFING CRM SYSTEMS AFTER HOURS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES Daily Briefing for Technology's Top Decision-Makers Copyright 2016 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
null
search G Front News Comment Features MARKET ECONOMY ENERGY HEALTHCARE IT REAL ESTATE START UPS AEROSPACE & DEFENSE CHEMICALS & PLASTICS FINANCIAL SERVICES MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS POLITICS TELECOMS, MEDIA & MARKETING TOURISM TRANSPORT & INFRASTRUCTURE WATER Front > News Israeli startup WSC Sports Technologies raises $12m Netanyahu: Submarine deal vital for ensuring our future Netanyahu: Submarine deal vital for ensuring our future 08/09/2016, 15:00 Globes correspondent Investors in the video creation platform for sports broadcasts include Intel Capital and the owners of the Cleveland Cavaliers, Minnesota Vikings and LA Dodgers. Israeli startup WSC Sports Technologies has closed a $12 million Series B financing round of financing led by Intel Capital, with participation from existing and new investors including the Wilf family (owners of the Minnesota Vikings), the ownership of the LA Dodgers, and Dan Gilbert (majority owner of the 2016 NBA Champion Cleveland Cavaliers). Intel Capital Director Uri Arazy will join the WSC Sports board. The investment brings WSC Sports’ total funding to $16 million and will help the company significantly accelerate growth and international expansion. Based in Ramat Gan, the company has developed an automatic, real-time, customized video creation platform for sports broadcasts designed for amplifying sports content and value. WSC Sports was founded by CEO Daniel Shichman, VP business development Aviv Arnon, CTO Shmuel Yoffe, and COO Hy Gal. WSC Sports’ customers, including the NBA, Turner Sports, Big East Conference, British Telecom the ELeague and others, are using the company’s platform to automatically generate customized highlights packages in near real-time and utilize the range of fan engagement products the platform has to offer; the generated video content is featured across multiple digital and social assets, ensuring fans around the world access to the best moments from every team and player they wish. Several other major deals with leading broadcasting and sports organizations are in the works, though still in stealth mode. Shichman said, “WSC Sports is going through a rapid growth period, recently signing several significant commercial agreements. This financing round will enable us to further accelerate growth and strengthen our position as market leaders in our field. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank the entire amazing team at WSC for making this rewarding journey a ton of fun.” Intel Capital president Wendel Brooks said, “Technology is reinventing the way people consume and interact with sports, adding compelling new dimensions to the game. We see sports as a transformative area for investment. We’re pleased to work with WSC Sports as a leading innovator in generating new, large-scale video content to boost fan engagement.” Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on September 8, 2016 © Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2016 5 Comments View comments in rows Update by email about comments talkback POST Comments Your name Please insert your name Content Your comment Thanks You comment was recieved and soon will be published. In posting comments, I agree to abide by the Terms of Use Globes encourages lively and frank debate, but posts that the editors consider merely abusive or otherwise inappropriate will be removed. Report inappropriate content POST Thank you for posting your comment, which will be reviewed for publication. Whith Chaining Without chaining Customer recommended Loading Comments... Load more comments   נושאים למעקב >> WSC's team Photo: PR Front News Comment Features Market Newsletters RSS Israel Resources עברית Globes Conferences International Advertising About Support Powered by UI & Design By Application delivery by © Globes. All rights reserved. Twitter Facebook Linkedin RSS Newsletters גלובס Israel Business Conference 2016
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 18 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Saudi KAEC showcases beach villa plots at Al-Murooj district Oman developing world-class retail projects Abu Dhabi landlords face pressure to lower rents Eight road projects opened in Oman Bahrain's Bapco in talks with ECAs for refinery expansion Hill Intl: 'ongoing talks' to manage Egypt's new capital city project Electricity and water tariff revised in Abu Dhabi Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Abu Dhabi ADGM attracts over 180 companies: chairman Doha Bank plans rights issue to raise capital by 20% Saudi's Fawaz Alhokair closes in on loan for Arab Bank stake Egyptian Life Takaful-GIG launches life savings cover for Suez Cement staff Emirates Islamic Charity Fund to support financial aid for students Tunisia looks to create a new Islamic bank U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter BlackBerry still committed to smartphone business Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC U.S. approves possible sale of defense aircraft to Qatar, Kuwait Saudi sovereign fund fills key positions IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax Palestinians vow to confront Israeli legislation to ratify colonies U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Army on rise in Libya's east, spurring hopes of normal life U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Commodities set for rebound in 2017 Abu Dhabi ADX achieves 99% in disclosure compliance Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Qatar's CBQ bank shareholders approve rights issue Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Egypt c.bank keeps key interest rates unchanged Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Gold set for second weekly loss as dollar soars Oil prices fall as strong dollar wipes out OPEC cut optimism Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Oman tightens tourist visa rules Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Ras Al Khaimah ruler issues law on economic activity Oman tightens tourist visa rules Hundreds falling prey to cyber extortion, Sharjah police say UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Companies in Lebanon forced to halt unlicensed valet services UAE plans new laws for animal feed and pet food Motorists can now renew vehicle registration online in Sharjah Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Egyptian policeman gets life sentence for killing man over cup of tea Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Limbless speaker Nick leaves UAE students speechless Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Diabetes prevalence decreasing in Dubai Beirut Cooking Festival showcases Lebanon’s finest UAE confirms three-day weekend for December Souq.com to hold four-day online shopping festival EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers UAE urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawing INR500-1,000 banknotes Kuwait halts decision on land borders' travelers Monroe's dress from JFK birthday sells for $4.8 mln at auction Leonardo DiCaprio lunches in Edinburgh to support the homeless Bob Dylan will be no-show at Nobel prize ceremony Tennis-Djokovic thrashes Goffin, picks row with umpire Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Soccer-Man Utd quarterly profit falls by a quarter Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Intel and TPG to Collaborate to Establish McAfee as Leading Independent Cybersecurity Company Valued at $4.2 Billion 08 September, 2016 Intel Corporation and TPG Announce an Agreement Under Which the Two Parties Will Establish a Newly Formed, Jointly-Owned, Independent Cybersecurity Company Called McAfee Highlights: TPG and Intel to jointly invest in spin-out of Intel Security in a transaction valuing the business at $4.2 billion Intel to receive $3.1 billion in cash and retain 49 percent stake after completion of the transaction TPG to own 51 percent of the new company, which will be named McAfee Investment reflects TPG's confidence in Intel Security's industry-leading enterprise and consumer businesses, strong market position, and business momentum Advertisement Positions new company as one of the world's largest pure-play cybersecurity firms Intel senior vice president and Intel Security general manager Chris Young and existing management team to lead the new company following transaction close Dubai UAE, Sept. 8, 2016 Intel Corporation and TPG today announced a definitive agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly-owned, independent cybersecurity company. The new company will be called McAfee following transaction close. TPG will own 51 percent of McAfee and Intel will own 49 percent in a transaction valuing the business at approximately $4.2 billion. TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business. Through this transaction, TPG, a leading global alternative asset firm with demonstrated expertise in growing profitable software companies and carve-out investments, and Intel, a global technology leader that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices, will work together to position McAfee as a strong independent company with access to significant financial, operational and technology resources. With the new investment from TPG and continued strategic backing of Intel, the new entity is expected to capitalize on significant global growth opportunities through greater focus and targeted investment. The new company will be one of the world's largest pure-play cybersecurity companies. Last year, Intel Security unveiled a new strategy that refocused the business on endpoint and cloud as security control points, as well as actionable threat intelligence, analytics and orchestration. This new strategy allows customers to detect and respond to more threats faster and with fewer resources. "Security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices," said Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel. "As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee's customers, partners, employees and Intel's shareholders. Intel will continue our collaboration with McAfee as we offer safe and secure products to our customers." "We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG's investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today's rapidly evolving security sector," said Jim Coulter, Co-Founder and Co-CEO of TPG. "TPG is excited to partner with Intel and McAfee management to accelerate growth of the business by enhancing its go-to-market strategy and continuing to grow and strengthen its core product offerings." "At TPG, we look to partner with both established and emergent leaders in dynamic and growing markets," said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG. "We have long identified the cybersecurity sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyberattacks, as one of the most important areas in technology. Given McAfee's leading global market position, loyal customer base, and trusted technology, we see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly-strategic platform that is growing consistently and addressing significant and evolving market demand." Positioning the New Company for Future Growth Chris Young will be appointed CEO of the new company upon closing of the transaction. Today he published an open letter to Intel Security's stakeholders outlining benefits of the transaction and new company. "As a standalone company supported by these two partners, we will be in an even greater position of strength, committed to being the best provider the cybersecurity industry has ever seen," Young said. "We will continue to focus on solving the unique demands of customers in the dynamic cybersecurity marketplace, drive innovation that anticipates future market needs, and continue to grow through our strategic priorities." Currently, Intel Security's comprehensive software platform protects more than a quarter of a billion endpoints, secures the footprint for nearly two-thirds of the world's 2,000 largest companies, detects more than 400,000 new threats each day, and represents more than 7,500 strong of the industry's most talented professionals. The business has demonstrated strong momentum. Through the first half of this year, Intel Security Group revenue grew 11 percent to $1.1 billion, while operating income grew 391 percent to $182 million. Intel Security also increased total bookings 7 percent per year on a constant currency basis from 2013 to 2015.1 Terms of the Transaction, Financing and Timeline Under the terms of the agreement, TPG will own 51 percent of a newly-formed cybersecurity company in a multi-step transaction valuing Intel Security at approximately $4.2 billion, based on an equity value of approximately $2.2 billion plus McAfee net debt of approximately $2 billion. The debt initially will be financed by Intel until completion of audited financial statements for McAfee (expected within three to five months of close). The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. -Ends- About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com andintel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with over $70 billion of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, and Tokyo. TPG's investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit www.tpg.com/. CONTACTS Hill+Knowlton Strategies Khalil Dagher Account Executive Tel:   052 725 4598 Email: Khail.Dagher@hkstrategies.com © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 1 day ago Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: HPE, N, PIR, INTC, NTDOY, ASML, LULU & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Thursday, 8 Sep 2016 | 7:58 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Stocks to Watch: September 8, 2016</p> <p>HP Enterprise, Intel and Sony are making headlines this Thursday morning before the opening bell.</p> Stocks to Watch: September 8, 2016    Thursday, 8 Sep 2016 | 8:00 AM ET | 00:50 Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Hewlett Packard Enterprise — The computer products maker reported adjusted quarterly profit of 49 cents per share, five cents a share above estimates. Revenue did come in below forecasts, although the company gave upbeat current-quarter earnings guidance. Separately, the company announced it would spin off its non-core software assets and merge them with Britain's Micro Focus International in an $8.8 billion transaction. Liberty Media — The media company announced a deal to buy Formula One Racing for $4.4 billion from CVC Capital and its consortium partners. It had been reported earlier in the week that Liberty was in talks to buy a stake in Formula One. Intel – Intel will spin off its cybersecurity unit that was formerly known as McAfee, and will sell a majority stake to private-equity firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. Intel had bought McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion. Tractor Supply — Tractor Supply cut its full-year guidance for a second time, with the farm equipment supplier saying weakness in the agricultural and energy sectors is negatively impacting consumer spending in its target markets. Pier 1 Imports — Pier 1 announced the departure of Chief Executive Officer Alex Smith as of December 31 after nearly 10 years at the helm. At the same time, the retailer reported a comparable-store sales drop of 4.3 percent for the second quarter and that it expected a larger-than-expected quarterly loss of five to six cents per share. Pier 1 is scheduled to report its results on September 15. Nintendo — Nintendo shares remain on watch, after soaring yesterday in the U.S. and in Japan following news that Apple will debut an iPhone version of Nintendo's Super Mario game. ASML Holding — Samsung is selling half its stake in the Dutch semiconductor equipment maker. Financial terms were not revealed. Samsung had held a 2.9 percent stake of 12.6 million shares as of August 16, according to a regulatory filing. Chipotle Mexican Grill — Chipotle has suffered a drop in consumer opinion over the last few weeks, according to pollster YouGov BrandIndex. The decline comes amid renewed food safety concerns. Tesla Motors — The automaker struck an agreement with Deutsche Bank for a $300 million credit line for its vehicle leasing program. Apple — Ireland's parliament voted to back the government's decision to appeal the European Union's $14 billion back taxes assessment against Apple. Sony — Sony unveiled two new versions of the PlayStation 4 video game console, one with higher resolution and better images, and another that is smaller, lighter, and more energy efficient than the current model. Priceline.com — Priceline dumped its "name-your-own-price" feature for airline tickets as of September 1, although it continues to let customers bid on hotel rooms and rental cars. Netsuite — The company's $9.3 billion deal to be acquired by Oracle will be opposed by major shareholder T. Rowe Price, citing conflicts of interest for Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. Ellison and related entities own nearly 40 percent of the cloud software maker's common shares. Viacom — Viacom hired Morgan Stanley and LionTree to review its capital structure, according to Reuters. The report said Viacom is looking to bolster its finances as advertising sales decline. Eli Lilly — JPMorgan Chase upgraded the drug maker to "overweight" from "neutral," saying new products are likely to drive earnings higher in 2017 and beyond. Nike — Piper Jaffray downgraded the athletic apparel and footwear maker to "neutral" from "overweight," citing the resurgence of Adidas and its impact on Nike's business among other factors. Lululemon – Jefferies cut its rating on the yoga wear maker's stock to "hold" from "buy," saying all the positive factors mentioned in a January upgrade have come to fruition with the stock up 30 percent year-to-date. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change HPE --- LULU --- NKE --- LLY --- VIAB --- TROW --- ORCL --- N --- PCLN --- 6758.T --- TSLA --- CMG --- ASML --- AAPL --- 7974.T --- PIR --- TSCO --- INTC --- LMCA --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners NEW JERSEY:The Jewish Standard United Kingdom:The Jewish News FOR PUBLISHERS:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Friday, November 18, 2016 Heshvan 17, 5777 8:03 pm IST About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Start-Up Israel All the news and views from Silicon Wadi Read the Start-Up Daily Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel Inside Israel’s WSC Sports nabs Intel investment for growth Owners of major US teams also participate in $12 million round raised by Ramat Gan-based maker of sports video technology By Shoshanna Solomon September 8, 2016, 2:59 pm Tweet Email Print Share WSC Sports Technologies's video platform (Courtesy) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Intel Capital WSC Sports Technologies Uri Arazy Related Stories Israel’s UN envoy: Rise of social media linked to growing Jew-hatred Netanyahu thanks Christian Zionists in Netherlands for support Is this kids’ store discriminating against Haredi Jews? Graphic video shows Galilee mayor shooting assailant to death Rabbi charged in NY plot to murder divorce-refusing husband App trains your brain to dispense with reading glasses Minnesota Vikings’ owner thinks big with new stadium and Holocaust philanthropy Meter of manure confirms 1,500-year-old stable At Paralympics, a 3D-printed dress for a dance with a robot Shabbat train work to resume this weekend despite political feud WSC Sports Technologies, which has developed an automatic, real-time, customizable platform to create video for sports broadcasts said Thursday it has completed a $12 million Series B round of financing. The round was led by Intel Capital, with other investors including the owners of the Minnesota Vikings and the LA Dodgers and equity crowdfunding platform iAngels. Intel Capital’s director Uri Arazy will join the WSC Sports board. The investment brings the Ramat Gan-based startup’s total funding to $16 million and will help the company “significantly accelerate growth and international expansion,” WSC said in a statement. WSC Sports’ customers, including the NBA, Turner Sports, Big East Conference and the ELeague, use the company’s cloud-based product to automatically and in real time scan sports broadcasts, identify highlights and create and publish, in almost real time, short-form videos to digital and social media and fan apps. The company said that “several other major deals with leading broadcasting and sports organizations are in the works.” “Technology is reinventing the way people consume and interact with sports, adding compelling new dimensions to the game,” said Wendell Brooks, president of Intel Capital, the investment and M&A arm of Intel Corp. in the statement. “We see sports as a transformative area for investment. We’re pleased to work with WSC Sports as a leading innovator in generating new, large-scale video content to boost fan engagement.” The team of WSC Sports Technologies (Courtesy) The deal adds to Intel Capital’s investments in Israel. The company said in August it was investing $25 million in three Israeli startups, bringing its total invested in Israel since 1997 to $345 million. Intel Capital backs startups in the field of computing and smart devices, cloud, data center, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. Since 1991, Intel Capital has invested $11.7 billion in 1,457 companies in 57 countries. Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Intel Capital,  WSC Sports Technologies,  Uri Arazy,  Wendell Brooks More in Israel Inside App trains your brain to dispense with reading glasses Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Start-Up Israel Current top stories Drone-based system capable of remotely finding bombs unveiled in Tel Aviv By Times of Israel staff   Flex sees Israel startups key to new tech strategy By Shoshanna Solomon   Israel cybersecurity tech helps NatWest catch online crooks By Shoshanna Solomon   Israel, Germany join forces in nanotechnology boost By Shoshanna Solomon   Israeli startup 2breathe wins CES Innovation Award By Shoshanna Solomon   Start-Up Israel Blogs November 17, 2016, 6:12 pm Trump: Someday you people will explain to me what you’re doing During the presidential primary campaign earlier this year, the JTA quoted President-elect Donald Trump as making the...... Asaf Simon November 16, 2016, 7:08 pm AlmaLinks: The Russian immigrant engineering success In the 1980’s, as Soviet power began to wane, a wave of Jewish immigrants from its former...... Avichai Korn November 16, 2016, 11:41 am The Three Cardinal Interview Questions Preparing for an upcoming job interview can be paralyzing. There is simply no way to prepare for...... Gila Weinberg November 15, 2016, 6:40 pm How to take control of your money Throughout my experience as a Family Financial Advisor I have encountered many families who work hard, earn...... Suzy Kahati November 13, 2016, 10:52 am Shadow of Trump towers over week Unbelievable. Crazy. Insane.       Intense.       Divisive. The list of words to describe events of...... Sharon Altshul November 13, 2016, 5:51 am Will BDS activists reject the new Israeli cure for the AIDS/HIV virus? For several decades now, the world has been plagued by the AIDS/HIV virus with very little hope...... Olivier Jack Melnick See all Start-Up Israel blogs Start a blog The Times of Israel Start-Up Israel Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Currency Rates   ILS USD EUR GBP CAD 1 ILS = 1.000 0.258 0.244 0.208 0.349 1 USD = 3.873 1.000 0.943 0.806 1.353 1 EUR = 4.105 1.060 1.000 0.854 1.434 1 GBP = 4.806 1.241 1.171 1.000 1.679 1 CAD = 2.862 0.739 0.697 0.596 1.000 Bank of Israel exchange rates for Friday, Nov 18, 2016 Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2016 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel, Ericsson expand partnership to focus on media industry The two companies are building on their existing 5G partnership to address challenges across the media value chain. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | September 8, 2016 -- 10:00 GMT (03:00 PDT) | Topic: Cloud There's no question that the way people consume media is changing: Network traffic trends show a relentless shift to mobility. The media industry, however, is still grappling with that shift. All parts of the industry, from broadcasters to service providers, are considering how best to produce content and deliver it to an audience expecting on-demand material on a variety of platforms. That challenge has prompted Intel and Ericsson to build on their existing 5G partnership with an expanded collaborative effort focused on the media industry. Without disclosing specific investments or terms of the partnership, the two companies announced Thursday at the IBC conference that they're pooling resources and working together to address challenges across the whole media value chain, from content creation to delivery. "The goal is to accelerate opportunities for media companies through Ericsson's leadership in video processing, mobility and cloud infrastructure, alongside Intel's advancements in compute, storage, and networking technologies," said a blog post penned by Elisabetta Romano, vice president and head of TV and media for Ericsson, and Jim Blakley, general manager of Intel's visual cloud division. "One of the characteristics about media that makes it particularly challenging," Blakley told ZDNet, "is capacity and the size of video data that needs to be stored and moved around in data centers, and the need to be able to deliver that content to end users without too many delays... particularly in cases of livestreaming when you have to deliver content globally around the world in virtually real time." Both companies bring expertise to the area of video processing. A year ago, Ericsson announced its acquisition of Envivio, a software-based video processing and delivery solutions company. Meanwhile, Intel's FPGA business has applications like real-time video processing. The companies are also aiming to transform the media data center. Ericsson's HDS 8000 Hyperscale data center system, built on Intel's Rack Scale Design, allows media companies to take a disaggregated hardware approach. By taking a new approach to data centers, there's opportunity for the media industry to build out cloud infrastructure to handle workloads like media processing and cloud DVR. Meanwhile, as the two companies continue working on 5G networks, they expect that development to create the bandwidth and low-latency needed for a whole range of new features, like VR and AR content, UHD video and fixed-wireless access to expand last mile reach. Cashless payments: How one city has made electronic transactions pay off To counter a national aversion to digital payments of any kind, the northern Italian city of Bergamo has taken matters into its own hands, with some beneficial results. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories SMBs Nothing good is free: How Linux and open source companies make money Enterprise Software Cloud computing: This is how much you'll be spending on it next year Cloud IBM rolls out new cloud data services and features on Bluemix Cloud Salesforce beats Q3 expectations × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Intel spins off McAfee Posted on September 8, 2016 by Nick Farrell - Business, News, Security Intel has admitted that its $8 billion acquisition of security outfit McAfee never quite worked out and is spinning the business off. Under the deal Intel will collect $3.1 billion in cash and retain a 49 percent ownership stake of McAfee. Meanwhile TPG will own 51 percent of the new company. TPG will make a $1.1 billion equity investment in McAfee, which will also take on $2 billion of debt. The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, Intel said. Analysts and investors have favoured disposing of the business. It sort of made sense in the days when the PC did well but it did not add much to Intel’s chip sales and now the PC is less important it was better off somewhere else. It does make money. The unit reported $1.1 billion of revenue in the first half of the year, up 11 per cent  from the same period of 2015, and operating income of $182 million, a 391 per cent jump. Chris Young will be CEO of the new company. He said as standalone company supported by these two partners, we will be in an even greater position of strength, committed to being the best provider the cybersecurity industry has ever seen. Intel said it still plans to collaborate with McAfee to add security features across its product lines. Dusting off the McAfee name explains why Intel was not so keen to give the brand back to its colourful founder, John McAfee earlier this week.     Tags: intel, McAfee Search for: Recent Articles Apple finally releases cure for touch disease The fruity tax-dodging cargo cult also known as Apple has finally released a cure for “a problem” in[...] Three was hacked One of Blighty's biggest mobile phone companies, Three, has been hacked and its customer upgrade dat[...] Telcos likely to have supreme power over Google After all its years being in bed with the Obama administration, the search engine Google might sudde[...] Germany mulls fining Facebook over hate speech Germany's Justice Minister thinks that the social notworking site Facebook should be treated like a [...] Too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley Donald Trump’s top advisor claims that there are too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley, in a state[...] © 2016 TechEye.
null
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage Sergey Nivens - Fotolia Intel to raise $3.1bn by spinning off security business Warwick Ashford Security Editor Ending what many saw as an uncomfortable marriage, Intel is to spin off its security business as a standalone pure-play cyber security company This Article Covers Cybercrime RELATED TOPICS Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Intel Security sale finalized, McAfee brand ... – SearchSecurity Risk & Repeat: Breaking down the Intel Security sale – SearchSecurity McAfee acquisitions: What could Intel get? – SearchSecurity Latest News Three breach highlights several security issues, says (ISC)2 Nestlé picks Telefónica to build IoT for coffee machines Case study: Elekta turns to workforce analytics to inform board decisions View All News Latest Blog Posts Microsoft Connect () 2016, a tour of developer keynote noteworthies – CW Developer Network Maritime network connectivity - all at sea? – Quocirca Insights View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: Financial Conduct Authority concerned about cyber security of banks Coca-Cola cloud project bottles rewards for 25,000 staff Cloud backup saves data after fire destroys school Download Current Issue Chip maker Intel is partnering with global investment firm TPG to spin off its security business to form the one of the world’s largest dedicated information security firms, valued at $4.2bn. Download this free guide Your exclusive guide to CIO trends A collection of our most popular articles for IT leaders from the first few months of 2016, including: - Corporate giants recruit digitally-minded outsiders to drive transformation - Analytics platforms to drive strategy in 2016 - Next generation: The changing role of IT leaders. Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. Intel will receive $3.1bn in cash and retain a 49% stake in the new business, to be known as McAfee and led by Intel Security chief Chris Young and his existing management team. The move comes five years after Intel completed its $7.7bn acquisition of McAfee and just two years after rebranding it as Intel Security. Intel justified the acquisition by outlining plans to push security to every device through building a baseline security capability into every chip. But those plans have not come to fruition, and some of the key executives at Intel who led the acquisition and championed the concept of hardware-based security have since left the company. Intel has also since been forced to restructure to focus on datacentres for the cloud industry and mobile and wearable technology in the face of the global slowdown in PC shipments. In Intel’s 2016 first-quarter financial results, the security group was one of its best performers, with revenue of $537m, up 5% on the previous quarter and up 12% year-over-year. This made the division ripe for selling, and the deal with TPG will give Intel a financial boost, in addition to the $750m it is seeking to save in 2016 by cutting 12,000 jobs. Read more about Intel Despite growth in Intel’s key datacentre and IoT businesses, investors remain concerned by falls in its core PC chip business amid market declines. Intel adds to previous strategic investments in drone technology to bolster its competitive position in the drone chip market. Chipmaker Intel blames the weakening macroeconomic situation – with continued delays in hardware refresh cycles – in its datacentre business forecast revision. Computer chip maker Intel posts stronger than expected third-quarter financial results, indicating a recovery from the effects of the economic downturn. TPG announced it is making a $1.1bn equity investment in the business to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business. In a statement, Intel and TPG said they would work together to position McAfee as a strong independent company with access to significant financial, operational and technology resources. “With the new investment from TPG and continued strategic backing of Intel, the new entity is expected to capitalise on significant global growth opportunities through greater focus and targeted investment,” the statement said. In 2015, Intel Security unveiled a new strategy focused on endpoint devices and cloud as security control points, as well as actionable threat intelligence, analytics and orchestration, which the company said would enable customers to detect and respond to more threats faster and with fewer resources. “Security remains important in everything we do at Intel” Brian Krzanich, Intel “Security remains important in everything we do at Intel, and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices,” said Intel CEO Brian Krzanich.  “As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee’s customers, partners and employees and Intel’s shareholders. Intel will continue our collaboration with McAfee as we offer safe and secure products to our customers.” Jim Coulter, co-founder and co-CEO of TPG, said he was confident McAfee would thrive as an independent company. “With TPG’s investment and continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector” Jim Coulter, TPG “With TPG’s investment and continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector,” he said. The CEO of the new company, Chris Young, said in an open letter that as a company supported by these two partners, McAfee will be in a position of strength. “With this move, we will create the ideal company structure to position McAfee for enhanced focus, innovation and growth,” he said. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Zine Counting the cost of financial cyber crime E-Zine The march of the robot workers E-Zine CW ASEAN: SMEs present security weakness Read more on Hackers and cybercrime prevention All News In Depth Opinion Photo Stories Videos One million cyber attacks on UK retailers forecast for Christmas Business needs AI defence against AI attacks, says Darktrace Amber Rudd orders Lauri Love extradition to US to face hacking charges Financial Conduct Authority concerned about cyber security of banks Load More View All One million cyber attacks on UK retailers forecast for Christmas Business needs AI defence against AI attacks, says Darktrace Amber Rudd orders Lauri Love extradition to US to face hacking charges National Cyber Security Centre to trial cyber defence initiatives on government Load More View All News The cyber threats lurking within every company Lauri Love: the student accused of hacking the US European law enforcement seeking smart ways to fight cyber crime Cost-effective managed IPS for small businesses Load More View All In Depth New cyber security strategy changes relationship between government and IT suppliers Security Think Tank: Phishing: protect, educate and limit damage Security Think Tank: Awareness and incident response key to fighting evasive malware Security Think Tank: Business should assess where to use AI to sniff out smart malware Load More View All Opinion The Cyber Security Challenge UK 2014 One man’s mission to uncover a WWII decryption machine Five DDoS attack tools that you should know about nullcon Delhi 2012: Day 2's action Load More View All Photo Stories UKtech50: Derek Cheng, chief information security officer, Electronic Arts Video interview: Eugene Kaspersky on 2010 cyber threats Video interview: Nikolay Grebennikov on Linux server security Video: Maturing malware - Finjan's threat timeline Load More View All Videos Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Key IT metrics: A CIO guide As technology and the business evolve, so do IT metrics. In this Essential Guide, learn how to navigate KPIs, IT investment and ... Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... SearchSecurity Finding the right security analytics tools for your enterprise See how security analytics tools can work for businesses looking for more from their security software, and what security ... Chinese company caught preinstalling Android spyware on budget devices A Chinese company was found to be preinstalling Android spyware on budget smartphones and collecting phone call and messaging ... DHS and NIST release complementary IoT security guidance New IoT security guidance from government agencies take on different aspects, with DHS tackling the basics and NIST giving a ... SearchNetworking Cisco cloud survey reveals nonstop growth and expansion This week, a Cisco cloud survey digs into the explosive growth of cloud data, Xirrus deploys a new Wave 2 access point and ... Cisco earnings show service providers are not buying The latest Cisco earnings show a drop in overall revenue, as service providers spend less. Cisco blames lower sales on ... Network engineering tools changing as cloud shift pressures profession As more companies examine the cloud, network engineering tools are changing, requiring engineers to rethink and recraft their job... SearchDataCenter Navigate recent changes to data center networking architecture Thanks to hybrid cloud and containers, data center networks are tougher to crack than ever. But IT can succeed if it follows a ... Evolve IT budget planning for software-defined infrastructure During IT budget planning for a software-defined data center, maximize value by accounting for predictable demand spikes, and ... Blade server architecture offers efficiency, but lock-in risks remain For organizations concerned about blade server lock-in, virtualization and cloud offer compelling alternatives with similar ... SearchDataManagement Big data pipeline drives change in Hadoop architecture, development A move to fast data analytics and real-time processing could bring change to the big data pipeline. Microservices are edging into... Data trust gap confronts analytics -- time to open the 'black box' C-suite honchos sign off on analytics tool purchases and then wonder what they've wrought. But data trust can build if ... Following a notion for SQL, architect creates NoSQL data modeling notation Ted Hills, an enterprise architect at LexisNexis and the author of a recent book on NoSQL data modeling, discusses the ins and ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close

null
Fri, Nov 18, 2016 | Updated 11.34 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government IDC Herzliya signs MoU with SP Jain technology school for cybersecurity training No proposal for action against COAI over non-participation in Trai meet Global LED technology expo to be held in Delhi during December 2-4 Electric vehicle startup GMW helping companies make faster product deliveries IITs eye core sectors like finance, technology for this year's placements FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Intel to spin off cybersecurity division Intel said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash.Reuters | Sep 8, 2016, 02.11 PM IST Intel said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51% of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49% stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. Intel acquires AI startup run by Indian-origin entrepreneuer According to entrepreneur Naveen Rao, the deal did not reflect any hurdles in getting more capital to stay independent At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base's potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee's founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel's new drone is focused at developers Intel has dabbled in drones in the past, building impressive obstacle avoidance software and even claiming the world record for the most drones to be flown in synchronized flight. Intel Security's revenue rose 11% to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel's board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers Apple sends out invites for October 27 event 'hello again', hints at new MacBooks and more WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced Reliance Jio may become the largest content aggregator in India HP Enterprise to merge non-core software assets with British firm for $8.8 billion What Apple didn't say at its product event iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus: What is the difference Samsung to sell 6.3 million shares to Dutch semiconductor equipment maker Nintendo shares jump over 'iPhone surprise' TCS issues profit warning InMobi launches suite of video ad formats Apple iPhone 7 and Watch Series 2: Where does India feature? 1Intel to spin off cybersecurity division 2Reliance Jio may become the largest content aggregator in India 3HP Enterprise to merge non-core software assets with British firm for $8.8 billion 4What Apple didn't say at its product event 5iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus: What is the difference 6Samsung to sell 6.3 million shares to Dutch semiconductor equipment maker 7Nintendo shares jump over 'iPhone surprise' 8TCS issues profit warning 9InMobi launches suite of video ad formats 10Apple iPhone 7 and Watch Series 2: Where does India feature? GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / M&A Activity / Private Equity Firm TPG, Intel to Form Security JV Under Estimated $4.2B Deal Private Equity Firm TPG, Intel to Form Security JV Under Estimated $4.2B Deal Mary-Louise Hoffman September 8, 2016 M&A Activity, News 2,148 Views Santa Clara, California-based computing chip maker Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) will spin off the company’s security business into a new joint venture with investment firm TPG through an estimated $4.2 billion multi-step transaction. Intel said Wednesday it will own 49 percent of the JV to be called “McAfee” and receive $3.1 billion cash while TPG will own the remaining 51 percent and invest $1.1 billion in the entity under the agreement. The companies expect to close the deal in the second quarter of 2017. Intel’s security unit, which generated $1.1 billion in revenue during the first half of 2016, employs more than 7,500 professionals and markets a software platform designed to secure approximately 400,000 computer threats a day. The business implemented a new strategy last year to refocus on endpoint and cloud security control points, actionable threat intelligence, orchestration and analytics in a push to help customers respond to threats faster. Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s security arm, will serve as CEO of the future independent company McAfee. “With TPG’s investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector,” said Jim Coulter, co-founder and co-CEO of TPG. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said the company will continue efforts to integrate security and privacy technologies into its products as well as collaborate with McAfee to offer new platforms to customers. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags brian krzanich Chris Young cybersecurity featured govcon Intel Intel Security investment Jim Coulter joint venture McAfee TPG Related Articles State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Check Also Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract Ensco has won a potential six-year, $145 million contract to perform systems engineering and integration efforts … Army Picks 3 Companies for $75M Horizontal Construction Services Contract AECOM (NYSE: ACM), Granite Construction and Kiewit Infrastructure West have won a $75 million shared contract for horizontal construction … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector November 18, 2016 CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,041 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,534 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,397 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,438 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,139 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments @Follow Me CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit https://t.co/SWCrIKMUC1 #cae #canada3 hours ago .@StateDept clears potential $21B F-15 sale to Qatar #GovCon https://t.co/Ko5OV5E9n14 hours ago .@StateDept OKs $10B sale of @Boeing $BA Super Hornet, @northropgrumman $NOC, @Raytheon $RTN tools to Kuwait #GovCon https://t.co/nTGtzF6GqJ4 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Fiona Murphy, Frontend.com Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge Women paid 20pc less than men in Ireland, according to study The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn GDPR is coming, but CFOs are blind to potential financial nightmare Big data country: Ireland among top European locations for investment Unlocked Android smartphones secretly send your data to China Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign Taskee named overall winner at Startup Weekend Dublin Phorest’s Ronan Perceval: ‘Start-ups should be under less pressure to sell’ Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era Margaret Hamilton and Grace Hopper awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom Cheap, foldable bicycle helmet wins international James Dyson Award 4 women making waves in the world of IoT What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars Irishman’s soft robotics exosuit wins major tech award Google wants to make AI smarter with your bad doodles Andy Caddy: IoT should start with a map of the customer journey How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 10 pieces of advice from science graduates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? 10 female founders who have turned science into a business How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Ray Nolan’s XSellco to create 40 new jobs 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world MetLife to open new global tech campus in Galway creating 200 jobs Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male Yet another Samsung phone has exploded, and it isn’t the Note7 Dust off your old photo album, Google wants to digitise it Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: More offers become available Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first ALL How can innovative smart materials improve battery life? Smart-farming demo at Tyndall Technology Days 2016 Breaking the internship stereotype at AOL, one project at a time Ireland is positioning itself for an influx of IoT companies Electrochemical energy storage making life easier and safer Materials science is revolutionising today’s medicine ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Intel to spin out McAfee cybersecurity unit in $4.2bn deal by John Kennedy 8 Sep 201613 Shares Intel is spinning out its McAfee cybersecurity arm in a deal that values it at $4.2bn Having acquired security software player McAfee for $7.6bn six years ago, Intel is now spinning the company out in a deal that values it at $4.2bn. As part of the deal, Intel is selling its 51pc majority stake in the company to private equity firm TPG for $3.1bn. TPG will make a $1.1bn equity investment in the company, which will operate independently from Intel, to drive its growth. The transaction values McAfee at $4.2bn, including debt. ‘We have the right strategy and product portfolio to stay ahead of the adversaries who undermine our digital world’ – CHRIS YOUNG, CEO, MCAFEE The move reflects the transformation of the tech industry, and of Intel itself, in the years since the original acquisition – PC sales have shrunk, data has moved to the cloud, and devices like smartphones and tablet computers are omnipresent. Intel changes direction In the past year, Intel itself has changed gear, embarking on a major restructure that saw it cut 12,000 jobs – or 11pc of its entire workforce – and shift focus in the direction of chips for cloud data centres and the internet of things. Part of this new direction may be witnessed in Intel’s acquisition this week of Irish chip company Movidius, which brings deep learning and machine vision to computing in a deal reportedly worth $300m. Intel will retain a 49pc stake in McAfee, while TPG will own the remaining 51pc. The new CEO of McAfee will be Chris Young, the current general manager of Intel Security. Young said that the company, which employs 7,500 cybersecurity professionals, will aim to lead the security industry. “We have the right strategy and product portfolio to stay ahead of the adversaries who undermine our digital world. “We employ the most talented people, steadfast to being our customers’ preferred security partner. And, with this move, we will create the ideal company structure to position McAfee for enhanced focus, innovation and growth. “In the end, McAfee will emerge in a position of greater strength, still fully committed to being the best provider in the cybersecurity industry worldwide,” Young said. McAfee image via Shutterstock Related: M&As, software, infosec, McAfee, funding and investment, Intel Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Fleetmatics’ juggernaut of a deal proves the power of Irish software 2 Aug 2016265 Shares Hiring Now Be part of a globally successful team Help develop the future of sales and trading A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Start-ups Barricade’s David Coallier: ‘There’s no easy way to build a start-up’ 20 Jul 2016316 Shares Business Weekend takeaway: News Feed is 10, but no joy of text for the Irish 9 Sep 201611 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Oracle buys the original cloud player NetSuite for $9.3bn in cash 29 Jul 201641 Shares Jobs Intel report finds global cybersecurity talent shortage 28 Jul 201638 Shares Enterprise Europol and security giants to combat rise in ransomware 25 Jul 20168 Shares Latest News Teamwork’s Peter Coppinger: ‘We want to have a huge influence on the world’ 15 minutes ago Is Irish science responsible? It’s getting there 2 hours ago How to spot fake news online with one handy Chrome extension 4 hours ago How to nab yourself that elusive sci-tech job 5 hours ago The five-minute CIO: Renaud Visage, CTO, Eventbrite 5 hours ago Interested in working in tech? You should Hack Your Career 5 hours ago Black Friday deals: More offers become available 6 hours ago Microsoft has an answer for why its number of women has decreased 6 hours ago Amazon Prime Video to go global and challenge Netflix in Grand Tour drive 7 hours ago Stephen Hawking sets deadline for last chance to colonise a planet 7 hours ago ‘Uncombable hair’ is a real thing, and it’s genetic 8 hours ago That’s all folks: Warner Bros buys Machinima for under $100m 8 hours ago Science 50: The women ushering the world into a new scientific era 9 hours ago Three Mobile hit by major data breach in UK with 6m records snatched 9 hours ago Hey Siri, can you handle my PayPal please? Cheers! 9 hours ago Salesforce earnings booming after major deals surge 9 hours ago US jobseekers’ searches to Ireland double in week after Trump victory 10 hours ago Viber’s Michael Shmilov: ‘The future of comms is in richer apps’ 1 day ago 4 women making waves in the world of IoT 1 day ago What are the most dangerous IoT devices to own? The ones supposed to keep us safe 1 day ago Analog Devices acquires LiDAR tech to enable safer self-driving cars 1 day ago NI start-up Hurree raises over £200k in week-long crowdfunding campaign 1 day ago Russia has completely shut off its access to LinkedIn 1 day ago 6 life science interview questions and how to respond 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  Ultraportable Laptops  »  Review Review: Razer Blade Stealth by  Bennett Ring  |  Thursday 8 September 2016  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 55 "We really do love this laptop, especially considering it’s $400 cheaper than the Macbook." Price Razer Blade Stealth QHD 128G $1549 AUD Razer Blade Stealth QHD 256GB $1849 AUD Razer Blade Stealth 4K 256GB $2149 AUD Razer Blade Stealth 4K 512GB $2449 AUD > Pricing info Specs 12.5 inch screen (QHD or 4K), 802.11ac, Intel Core i5-6500U, 8GB DDR4 Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Razer’s first non-gaming laptop is a real winner. This is the first ever laptop released by Razer that isn’t intended for gamers. There’s no discrete GPU, instead relying upon Intel’s integrated HD Graphics 520, which is basically only good enough for Candy Crush. No, Razer is intending this ultrabook to go head-to-head with the likes of Apple’s Macbook and Dells XPS 13… and it’s done a bloody good job in the process. This thing is absolutely tiny. For a 12.5-inch form factor ultrabook, the thickness of just 13.1mm is minuscule. In fact, it’s identical to the Macbook, which is 13.1mm at its thinnest point. It’s also incredibly light, at just 1.25kg. This isn’t quite as lightweight as the Macbook, which is a mere 900 grams, but the Stealth definitely feels like a sturdier build. Besides, 1.25 kilograms is easy to lug around all day without getting tired. The chassis appears to be a unibody aluminium design, and it feels like it can easily handle the roughest of days on the road. It’s got a beautiful matte black finish, so won’t get covered in fingerprints like certain other ultrabooks. Easily the most noticeable feature is the glorious screen. There are actually two different screen options; QHD at 2560 x 1440 and 4K at 3840 x 2160. We had the QHD version and it’s absolutely stunning – colours pop out of the screen and the brightness and contrast are simply remarkable. Razer claims this screen covers 70% of the Adobe RGB spectrum, whereas the 4K screen covers 100%. To be honest, we think 4K is overkill on a screen of this size, as the QHD looked perfect already. If there is one issue with the screen, it’s the glossy finish. While using it to watch movies while waiting in an airport lounge, it felt more like a mirror than a screen, making it quite hard to see what was going on. We’d love if it Razer offered a matte version, or at least a matte sticker you could apply over the screen. Oh, it’s also a multi-touch screen – winning!  The next thing you’ll notice is Razer’s crazy per-key RGB lighting. To be frank, I’m not a fan of this, and couldn’t figure out how to stop it changing to all the colours of the rainbow, but I’m sure it’d be easy enough once I’d logged into the Razer software – but to do so you have to register a Razer with your email, a slight annoyance. When it comes to hardware, this thing blows the competition out of the water. The Intel i5-6500U is a beast. It’s got four cores with a top speed of 3.6GHz, which is probably why it’s got a relatively high TDP of 65W. It’s been known to throttle at relatively low speeds, which may account for our not-so-great PCMark 8 Work Convention score of 2506, around 300 points lower than the Dell XPS 13. Still, we were using it in the hot, humid environment of Taipei, so performance will probably be better in cooler regions. Several storage options are available, depending on which display you buy. The QHD comes with either a 128GB or 256GB PCIe SSD, while the 4K version comes with either a 256GB or 512GB PCIe SSD. It would have been nice to see the 512GB option in the QHD model.  8GB of dual channel memory is included, along with two USB 3.0 ports. Best of all is the Thunderbolt 3 (USB 3) port, which makes this laptop compatible with the Razer Core, an external GPU housing that turns this laptop into a fully-fledged gaming machine.  We really do love this laptop, especially considering it’s $400 cheaper than the Macbook. Razer’s first non-gaming laptop is an absolute winner, and our new favourite Ultrabook of choice. Related Reviews Review: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 Review: Dell Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 delivers quality over battery Review: HP EliteBook Folio G1 - great looks, terrible battery life Review: Dell Latitude 13 7370 Review: HP ZBook Studio G3 Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  laptop  |  razer  |  razer blade stealth  |  review  |  slim   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016     How should we teach our kids to use digital media?     Are hackers playing the fame game?     Project Alpha Omega     Gallery: Corsair Lapdog unboxed   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Ultraportable Laptops (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 delivers quality over battery << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft soups up the Surface Book with i7 processor and 16 hours of battery << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (5 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Latitude 13 7370 << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus lifts the lid on three stylish new laptops << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Dell XPS 13 refresh gets classy with rose gold finish << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Apple MacBook (2016) << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Is Apple about to kill the headphone jack — again? << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus VivoBook Pro N552VW << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Ultraportable Laptops News Microsoft soups up the Surface Book with i7 processor and 16 hours of battery Review Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Feature Hands-on Preview: Lenovo YOGA 3 Pro Group Test Group test: seven Ultrabooks compared and rated Gallery LG's Q1, Q2 2014 releases A-list Product Razer Blade Stealth QHD From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 8 September 2016 | MYT 2:30 PM Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG Misfire: The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. — Reuters Intel Corp said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1bil (RM12.56bil) in cash.  TPG will own 51% of the new entity, valuing the entire company at US$4.2bil (RM17.02bil) including debt.  Intel, which bought McAfee for US$7.7bil (RM31.21bil) in 2011, will retain a 49% stake in the business.  The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans.  Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business.  At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential.  The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017.  McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name.  Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company.  Intel Security's revenue rose 11% to US$1.1bil (RM4.45bil) through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement.  TPG, which is making a US$1.1bil (RM4.45bil) equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said.  TPG also led a US$120mil (RM486.51mil) investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a US$100mil (RM405.44mil) funding round in Internet security firm Zscaler. — Reuters You May Be Interested Huawei eyes Africa with Nova Facebook buys facial recognition tech startup US is concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Bonus for civil servants Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away advertisement Latest News US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Toyota sharpens focus on electric cars through new in-house unit Most Viewed in Tech Hotlink Fast: Get 17GB of data with the new Internet pass Sign your name digitally in iOS Mail Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Toyota sharpens focus on electric cars through new in-house unit Airbnb, San Francisco must work harder to resolve lawsuit: judge Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, November 19, 2016 12:32 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Haze MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Intel to spin off cybersecurity unit McAfee Thursday September 8, 2016 01:58 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Must-visit destinations in 2017 The Edit: Killers release Christmas compilation Secret hero’s burial for Marcos draws street protests Trump taps Sessions for AG, Pompeo for CIA, insider says Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The move comes six years after Intel announced the acquisition of McAfee. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, Sept 8 — US tech giant Intel announced plans yesterday to spin off its cybersecurity operations as an independent company under the name McAfee. The move comes six years after Intel announced the acquisition of McAfee, one of the leading antivirus software companies at the time. An Intel statement said the spinoff would be made with the investment group TPG, which would own 51 per cent of McAfee, leaving Intel with 49 per cent and valuing the group at US$4.2 billion (RM17 billion). Intel chief Brian Krzanich said in a statement that “security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” The new group will be one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity companies, and frees Intel to focus on new priorities such as wearables and other connected devices. “We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG’s investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector,” said Jim Coulter, co-founder and co-chief executive of TPG. Chris Young, who heads the unit, will be CEO of the new company. Intel announced the US$7.68 billion deal for McAfee in 2010 and closed the deal in 2011. The group is no longer affiliated with founder John McAfee, who was a fugitive from authorities in Central America and more recently made a run for the US presidency. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Facebook fake news writer on how he possibly influenced the US election How Twitter, Instagram and Facebook are stepping up measures to fight online abuse (VIDEO) Pushing the limits of science at the first Cyborg Olympics (VIDEO) Soar above the planet’s most spectacular sights with Google Earth VR (VIDEO) Twitter CEO apologises for allowing white supremacist ad Sony’s PS3 celebrates 10-year anniversary WhatsApp joins rivals from Snapchat to WeChat in video calls Facebook accidentally declares some users dead, including founder Zuckerberg Tinder launches transgender-inclusive update, allowing users to select personalised gender identity (VIDEO) Best smartphones for holiday 2016 Most Watched Now Week Britney Spears, TInashe get down for a ‘Slumber Party’ (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) A Tribe Called Quest spit fire in ‘We the People’ (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Bloomberg Video: Resurrecting Jaguar’s legendary XKSS supercar Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Reuters Video: Thailand sinks boats to tackle illegal fishing Related Articles China passes controversial cybersecurity law Canada ‘very concerned’ about Russian hacking Singapore funds S$10m kitty to beef up cybersecurity in Asean Search hazard: Amy Schumer tops McAfee’s 2016 ‘Most Dangerous Celebrities’ list McAfee antivirus pioneer fights Intel over who owns his name Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe TPG to Buy Intel’s McAfee Security Unit in $4.2 Billion Deal Devin Banerjee devinbanerjee September 7, 2016 — 4:23 PM EDT Updated on September 7, 2016 — 6:29 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Why Is Intel Spinning Out McAfee Security Unit? Intel selling business as chipmaker focuses on data centers Buyout firm TPG to invest $1.1 billion for 51% equity stake Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp TPG, the alternative-asset manager that oversees $70 billion, agreed to acquire a majority stake in Intel Corp.’s computer-security unit in a deal that values the business at $4.2 billion including debt. TPG will own 51 percent of the company, known as McAfee, while Intel will have a 49 percent stake in the spin-out, according to a statement Wednesday. The company will be led by Chief Executive Officer Chris Young, currently a senior vice president at Intel and general manager of its security unit. Intel is offloading the anti-virus software unit as part of a strategy to focus on its more profitable data-center business. The Santa Clara, California-based chipmaker acquired McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products. The business had $1.1 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, an 11 percent increase from the same period last year, Intel said in the statement. Operating income more than quadrupled to $182 million. Intel had also been talking to other potential suitors, including buyout firms and corporate suitors, people familiar with the matter said last week, naming TPG as a likely bidder. “We have long identified the cyber-security sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyber attacks, as one of the most important areas in technology,” Bryan Taylor, a partner at TPG, which has its main offices in San Francisco and Fort Worth, Texas, said in the statement. “We see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly strategic platform that is growing consistently.” Equity Investment Watch Next: John McAfee: Our New Products Catch Hackers in Seconds John McAfee: Our New Products Catch Hackers in Seconds TPG, led by co-CEOs Jim Coulter and Jon Winkelried, will invest $1.1 billion in the transaction, valuing McAfee’s equity at $2.2 billion, according to the statement. The company has net debt of about $2 billion, which Intel will finance for three to five months after the deal is completed. The companies expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of 2017. After acquiring McAfee, Intel struggled to grow the unit and integrate it with its bread-and-butter chips business. Some private equity firms that spoke with Intel about potentially acquiring the division were wary about its growth rate and their ability to cut costs further than Intel had, the people with knowledge of the discussions said last week. The security business was started by John McAfee in 1987 and has sold anti-virus software to companies and individuals. It was renamed Intel Security in 2014. John McAfee is suing Intel for the right to use his name in his new ventures. He leads MGT Capital Investments Inc., which he wants to rename John McAfee Global Technologies Inc. “Intel should wait to see whether they have any right to use my name,” McAfee said in a text message Wednesday after the deal with TPG was announced. TPG will make the investment from its TPG Partners VII fund, which finished gathering $10.5 billion in May. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Tech Intel Corp John D McAfee Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Automotive BMW and Baidu’s self-driving car partnership has reportedly run out of gas Lyft wants more explicit protection of consumer data from NHTSA on self-driving Tesla Model S P100D to get a 2.4-second 0-60 mph time via an Easter egg Browse more... Jaguar Land Rover Land Rover’s lead engineer explains autonomous off-road driving Jaguar partners with Tile to make sure drivers never leave without their wallets Jaguar Land Rover launches InMotion, a startup studio to build mobility apps and services Browse more... OEMs and startups: The incubator at Jaguar Land Rover HQ Posted Sep 6, 2016 by Kristen Hall-Geisler (@kristenhg) 0 SHARES Next Story Lost in translation: Streaming in China The first question you might have when learning that Jaguar Land Rover has its technology headquarters in Portland, OR, is, “Why?” There’s an easy answer for that question, said Rupert Poole, Senior Collaborations Manager of Future Technology at the facility in Portland. JLR, as it’s known, already had a relationship with Intel, and Intel is located in a Portland suburb. There’s also a thriving startup culture in Portland, and it’s not hard to travel up and down the West Coast to other tech hubs. The first JLR facility in Portland, the Open Software Technology Center, opened in July 2014. The nearby JLR Tech Incubator opened six months later and a third building next door to the incubator, the collaborative lab, is undergoing renovations to create space for test chambers and vehicle bays. I got to tour all three — including the very much not-yet-completed lab. While about a hundred JLR engineers are working on infotainment and connectivity tech to be tested in simulators and eventually introduced into Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles, a handful of startups are down the street developing new technology that may or may not end up being used by the British automaker. All engineers, whether they’re JLR employees or startups, have access to collaborative brainstorming spaces — with walls you can write on and buckets of LEGOs. The incubator hosts 12 startups each year for six-month periods. “We found that three months is too short,” says Danielle Alexander, the manager of the incubator. The teams get access to space, funding, tools and equipment — including Jaguars and Land Rovers — partnerships, mentors and engineering and technology expertise from the JLR staff. Like other OEMs that want to work with startups, the JLR Incubator is looking for small teams that have more agility and speed than a century-old automotive manufacturer. It’s also looking for technologies that dovetail with automotive needs rather than overlap, such as augmented reality, connected car, human-machine interface (HMI) and data visualization technologies. When I visited the facility, I met with the half-dozen startups currently in residence. One, Carfit, is developing a technology directly applicable to the auto industry. Its small, puck-shaped devices attach to the steering wheel and monitor all of its shakes, wobbles and corrections. In the same way that (some) drivers can tell the car is out of alignment or the shocks need replacing, Carfit analyzes the information from the steering wheel and sends the diagnosis to an app. But not every startup in the incubator has such a direct relationship to the automotive industry. Take Neptune, which is developing a streaming, curated video service for kid-friendly, interactive, educational content. In a connected car, kids could pick and choose and stream at will without the parent in the driver’s seat needing to monitor their every choice. Or SicDrone, a drone that can pivot its rotors for maneuverability or remain stable while flying in wind. This could come in handy when scouting for emergency response or to looking ahead at an uncharted off-road course — something Land Rover drivers have been known to take. “Infotainment and connectivity are the only parts of a car where consumer expectations are set against other technologies,” Poole said. “All other expectations are set versus automotive technology.” By bringing the cutting edge of connectivity into the incubator, where startups work with the local engineers and have access to 10,000 JLR engineers worldwide, a decades-old company gets access to the latest innovations. Featured Image: Kristen Hall-Geisler 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Land Rover USA Founded 1948 Overview Land Rover USA manufactures luxury SUVs and off-road vehicles. Its portfolio of four-wheel-drive vehicle models includes Defender, Discovery, Freelander, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Range Rover Evoque. Land Rover USA is based in Mahwah, New Jersey. It is the American branch of Land Rover, a British automobile company founded in 1948. Location Mahwah, NJ Categories Automotive Website http://www.landroverusa.com/index.html Full profile for Land Rover USA Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 50 minutes ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From TechCrunch Gillmor Gang LIVE 11.18.16 2 minutes ago | Steve Gillmor Pokémon Sun and Moon break 3DS records with 10M units shipped globally 25 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 34 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Seen enough? Here’s how to get the SEC’s attention 35 minutes ago | Connie Loizos Comment moderation powered by Up Next Lost in translation: Streaming in China Posted Sep 6, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 8 hours ago by Jon Russell 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago by Jon Russell
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Thu Sep 8, 2016 | 8:59am IST Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG A worker arranges an Intel logo at the CeBIT trade fair, the world's biggest computer and software fair, in Hannover March 13, 2016. REUTERS/Nigel Treblin/Files Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru, Joseph Menn in San Francisco and Liana Baker in New York.; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Alan Crosby) Next In Technology News U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn MOSCOW The U.S. government said on Friday it was deeply concerned over Russia's decision to block public access to networking site LinkedIn, saying it created a precedent that could be used to justify blocking other sites operating in Russia. Hedge in the cloud: funds outsourcing computing power step into unknown LONDON Tucked into the attic of a Georgian building in London's West End, seven people run a $200 million hedge fund following artificial intelligence formulas. But the supercomputers that process their complex algorithms are nowhere to be seen. Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO SAN FRANCISCO Snap Inc, the red-hot messaging company, is seen by many tech investors as the next Facebook or Google, but its youthful founders are pushing far more aggressively than its predecessors in moving from scrappy startup to public company. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Security   /   Intel Sells Majority Stake in Cyber-Security Business       Intel Sells Majority Stake in Cyber-Security Business     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-09-07 Print               Private equity firm TPG will take a 51 percent stake and Intel will keep a 49 percent share in a security company that will adopt the McAfee name.   Intel is spinning out its cyber-security software business in a partnership with private equity firm TPG—the latest move by the top-tier tech vendor to remake itself in an industry undergoing rapid change. Intel officials said Sept. 7 that the chip maker and TPG will create a new, independent company based on its Intel Security unit in a deal worth about $4.2 billion, a far cry from the $7.6 billion Intel paid for the McAfee security software company in 2010. TPG will own 51 percent of the business and Intel 49 percent, and the private equity firm will put another $1.1 billion into the new company to help accelerate growth. Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager of the Intel Security Group, will become CEO of the new company, which will adopt the McAfee name. Intel officials in 2014 pushed the McAfee brand into the background, renaming the business Intel Security. The announcement confirmed the speculation over the last several months that Intel was interested in shedding the cyber-security software unit, which has been viewed as a disappointment for the chip maker since the acquisition six years ago. Intel officials at the time said buying a security software vendor would enable the company to build better security features into its processors and better protect PCs, servers and other systems from attack. The security unit has done well financially. In the last quarter it generated $537 million in revenue, a 10 percent increase over the same period in 2015, and through the first half of the year, revenue grew 11 percent to $1.1 billion, officials said. Operating income hit $182 million—a 391 percent gain—and bookings increased 7 percent yearly between 2013 and 2015. Still, the business never followed through on the promise that company executives had hoped for. At the same time, under CEO Brian Krzanich, Intel executives over the past year have been working to restructure the company to address emerging markets including the internet of things (IoT), drones, virtual reality (VR) and the cloud, while at the same time growing the data center business and reducing its reliance on the contracting global PC space. Part of the restructuring includes 12,000 job cuts. In a letter posted on the Intel website, Young told customers that they "will benefit from a focused, agile and independent provider further committed to protecting you, recognizing that you require simplicity in your security environment as much as you do effectiveness. With McAfee, you will get a proven player with a leading portfolio—focusing on endpoint and cloud as security control points, combined with actionable threat intelligence, analytics and orchestration—allowing you to detect and respond to more threats and with fewer resources." According to Young, the Intel Security Group protects more than 250 million endpoints, counts almost two-thirds of the world's largest 2,000 companies as customers, defends more than 200 million consumers and detects more than 400,000 new threats each day. Group officials last year unveiled a strategy shift in which the company was moving away from selling point security products and instead would focus on building out a platform approach that would better address that changing threat landscape. Officials got rid of some technologies—including mobile device management, firewalls and email—enhanced others and created new products such as the Data Exchange Layer (DXL), which enables instant communication and collaboration among disparate security technologies from multiple vendors, and Endpoint Security 10, for device security. Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST SECURITY ARTICLES   PoisonTap Tool Lets Hackers Take Over Locked Computers With USB Stick Mozilla Introduces Firefox Focus Browser for IOS Privacy IBM Opens New Global Headquarters for Security Services IoT Devices Evolving Rapidly as Favorite DDoS Attack Tool, Experts Say Dell Data Protection Defends Against External, Insider Threats                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 8 September 2016 | MYT 9:35 AM Breakfast briefing: Thursday, September 8 MarketWrap: US stocks ended little-changed on Wednesday, though the Nasdaq eked out another record high close, as investors assessed the outlook for US interest rates.- Reuters The DJIA was down 11.98 points, or 0.06%, to 18,526.14, the S&P 500 lost 0.33 points, or 0.02%, to 2,186.15 and the Nasdaq added 8.02 points, or 0.15%, to 5,283.93, a record high close. Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.17% to 4.0533 per US$ *It was 0.29% higher at 4.5653 per euro *Up 0.66% to 5.4097 to the pound sterling *Up 0.27% to 3.0096 per Singapore dollar *0.13% higher to 3.1120 per Aussie *Up 0.21% to 3.9822 per 100 yen Energy Oil prices rose 1.5% on Wednesday as the market focused on the possibility that the world's top producers would agree on an output freeze. Trade was choppy as some traders eyed US oil inventory data due late Wednesday and Thursday morning for clearer direction. Brent futures rose 72 cents to settle at US$47.98 a barrel after trading between US$46.97 and US$48.10. - Reuters Top foreign stories Tesla gets US$300m lease credit line from Deutsche Bank: Tesla Motors Inc said on Wednesday it had entered into an agreement with Deutsche Bank whereby the electric car maker can borrow up to US$300 million for its vehicle leasing programme, part of a broader effort to bolster the company's finances. - Reuters HP Enterprise in US$8.8b deal with Micro Focus for software assets: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co will spin off and merge its non-core software assets with Britain's Micro Focus International Plc in a deal worth US$8.8 billion, the companies said on Wednesday. - Reuters Japan second-quarter GDP growth revised up slightly, momentum weak: Japan's economic growth over April-June was faster than initially estimated, the Cabinet Office said on Thursday, with upward revisions to capital expenditure and inventories, but weak demand at home and overseas is seen weighing on growth this quarter. The economy grew at a 0.7% annualised rate, up from the preliminary reading of 0.2%growth. - Reuters Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG: Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51% of the new entity, valuing the entire company at US$4.2 billion including debt. Intel will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. - StarBiz Sony unveils new versions of PlayStation 4: Sony Interactive Entertainment, a division of Sony Corp, unveiled on Wednesday two new versions of its PlayStation 4 Console in an effort to help Sony maintain its sales lead over Microsoft Corp and Nintendo Co Ltd. - Reuters Top local stories Wah Seong signs RM2.7b contract with Nord Stream 2: Oil and gas services firm Wah Seong Corp Bhd has finalised an earlier agreement with Nord Stream 2 AG and signed a 600 million euros (RM2.726bil) contract to provide pipe coating services to the Swiss firm. This order would lift Wah Seong’s outstanding order-book to about RM3.5bil, the company said. - StarBiz Divided views on further rate cut: Opinions are divided as to whether Bank Negara will go ahead and make another interest-rate cut before the end of the year. The central bank’s monetary policy committee maintained the benchmark overnight policy rate on Wednesday at 3%, in line with analysts’ expectations. - StarBiz L&G sees better property market next year: Land and General Bhd (L&G), whose niche is in high-rise property development, expects the property market to recover next year. Managing director Low Gay Teck said despite the slowdown, it would go ahead with RM1.67bil worth of property launches since the projects were located in prime areas. Mobikom increases stake in Webe: Telekom Malaysia Bhd unit Mobikom Sdn Bhd has subscribed to RM495mil convertible medium-term notes of Webe Digital Sdn Bhd, allowing the company to further boost its shareholding to 82%. - StarBiz Century Logistics to get new shareholder?: South Korea’s CJ Logistics, which is looking to expand in Asean, is close to buying into Century Logistics Holdings Bhd, sources say.  CJ is said to be buying a block of shares of the integrated logistics service provider from its major shareholders. - StarBiz NWP wins RM744mil ‘aspirational home’ projects: Timber products maker NWP Holdings Bhd has entered into a turnkey agreement for housing projects under Syarikat Perumahan Negara Bhd and Perbadanan PR1MA Malaysia with an estimated gross development value of RM744mil. The contract encompasses six projects consisting of 3,855 units of houses and apartments. - StarBiz Report: 1MDB no impact on economy: Investors remain confident of the Malaysia’s economy despite the political and economic fallout from the 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB) crisis. A political risk consultancy, Global Risk Insights, said in a report dated Sept 6 that the country’s economy had been “remarkably resilient” despite 1MDB dominating recent headlines. - StarBiz Bioalpha plans to raise funds for new products: Health supplements producer Bioalpha Holdings Bhd plans to raise RM28mil via a renounceable rights issue to launch new products in the company’s three principal markets of Malaysia, Indonesia and China. - StarBiz AmInvest’s move into unconventional Reits pays off: AmInvest’s diversification into non-conventional real estate investment trusts (REITs), with assets such as childcare centres, energy, healthcare, large scale logistics and data centres, has paid off with the investments showing good growth. - StarBiz Eversendai finalising refinancing of outstanding sukuk: Construction firm Eversendai Corp Bhd is finalising the refinancing of outstanding obligations on the company’s RM500mil sukuk programme, said RAM Rating Services Bhd. It said the company has obtained the sukuk holders’ nod to complete this exercise by the end of next month. - StarBiz July exports down more than expected: Malaysia’s July exports declined more than expected on a slump in electrical and electronic (E&E) exports and a drop in shipments to China. Exports slumped 5.3% year-on-year to RM59.9bil while imports fell 4.8% to RM57.9bil. - StarBiz Sunsuria to get RM59mil from put option: Property developer Sunsuria Bhd will receive total cash proceeds of RM59.38mil after exercising a put option entered earlier. - StarBiz Honda Malaysia expects  at sales growth due to challenges: Honda Malaysia Sdn Bhd, the No. 1 non-national car company in Malaysia in terms of total industry volume, expects flat sales growth this year due to the challenging economic outlook. Managing director and CEO Katsuto Hayashi said the company had targeted sales of 90,000 units for this year – the same level the company recorded last year. - StarBiz Berjaya Food Q1 net profit at RM5mil: Berjaya Food Bhd’s net profit for the first quarter fell by 18.1% year-on-year to RM5mil mainly due to the depreciation of the ringgit impacting profit margins of Starbucks and lower contribution from Kenny Rogers Roasters’ operation in Malaysia. Revenues increased to RM141.4mil from RM132.4mil a year ago. - StarBiz Zenith picks up BUCG’s stake in consortium: Consortium Zenith BUCG Sdn Bhd (CZBUCG) has decided not to look for a new shareholder to replace Beijing Urban Construction Group Co Ltd (BUCG) in the RM6.3 billion Penang undersea tunnel and road project as Zenith Construction Sdn Bhd — the largest shareholder of CZBUCG, with a 95% equity interest — will pick up the 1% stake BUCG will drop. - Edge FD EA Holdings eyes turnaround in FY17: Software solutions provider EA Holdings Bhd is confident of a turnaround in the current financial year ending March 31, 2017 (FY17) with an expected revenue of RM60 million compared with RM35.9 million the year before. - Edge FD Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing You May Be Interested MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Breakfast briefing: Friday, November 18 Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away Property Related advertisement Latest News Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year ECB chief Draghi hints at more stimulus to come Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Most Viewed in Business Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Ringgit continues slide Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Ringgit opens lower against US dollar MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Prince Alwaleed sees Saudi currency depeg as last resort SC appoints Gumuri as AOB executive chairman Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel Mcafee Tpg Business The Channel McAfee's back! Intel flogs security software biz, pockets $3.1bn Chipzilla wing loses $3.5bn in six years – almost as fast as John McAfee in a strip club 7 Sep 2016 at 23:01, Iain Thomson Iain Thomson Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Nsa, Nasa, Apple, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Living with the Pixel XL – Google's attempt at a high-end phone El Paso city bungs $3.2m to email crooks pretending to be bosses Look out, SpaceX et al – China's Long March-5 rocket blasts off Intel is selling off a majority stake in its security software arm – formerly known as McAfee – to private equity firm TPG, which will rename itself to, er, McAfee. Chipzilla absorbed McAfee Inc in 2010 for $7.68bn, and in 2014 it phased out the McAfee brand name. According to Intel, that software division is today valued at just $4.2bn including debt. When the transaction completes, the processor giant will get $3.1bn in cash and retain a 49 per cent in the spun-off McAfee, while TPG gets majority control and promises a $1.1bn equity investment for future operations. "Security remains important in everything we do at Intel, and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices," said Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel. "As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee's customers, partners, employees and Intel's shareholders." Chris Young, the general manager of Intel Security, will run the new operation and, in a letter to customers, partners, and staff [PDF], said Intel would continue to play a technological role in the reborn McAfee, and the investment from TPG would allow a faster rollout of new products and technologies. For its part, TPG gets a stake in a growing IT market that could prove very lucrative. Intel Security/McAfee pulled in revenues of $1.1bn in the last quarter, up 11 per cent, and generated an operating income of $182m. "We have long identified the cybersecurity sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyberattacks, as one of the most important areas in technology," said Bryan Taylor, a partner at TPG. "Given McAfee's leading global market position, loyal customer base, and trusted technology, we see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly strategic platform that is growing consistently and addressing significant and evolving market demand." Rumors of a sale by Intel have been circulating for months and for good reason. The company is looking to refocus on its core business and security software doesn't fit into that model. Some Intel Security execs would, after a few drinks, expound at length about how Intel didn't really "get" the former McAfee team. Now the software outfit will have some independence and many of those execs will be happy with their new overlords in comparison. However, there may be a fly in the ointment for the new organization if John McAfee – the man who founded and named the company – wrestles his brand back. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 10 Comments More from The Register Kill Flash now. Or patch these 36 vulnerabilities. Your choice One bug being exploited right now in the wild 51 Comments A successor to Mirai? Newly discovered malware aims to create fresh IoT botnet Dubbed Linux/IRCTelnet, nasty's source code based on Aidra 11 Comments Apple fans using Chrome on alert for Mac malware Google AdWords has been spewing software nasties 20 Comments Nymaim malware got a major 'upgrade', says Verint It's nearly 2017, and Word macros are STILL spreading malware 5 Comments WikiLeaks uploads 300+ pieces of malware among email dumps Freedom. Justice. Openness. And some entirely avoidable p0wnage for good luck 45 Comments Undetectable NSA-linked hybrid malware hits Intel Security radar While Flash malware nastiness detections quadruple – we're all clearly doomed 56 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null

  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Security > Security Blog FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Intel Spins Off McAfee as Standalone Company for $3.1 Billion GO Intel will keep a 49 percent stake in the new company Sep 7, 2016 22:30 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  Today, Intel has announced plans to sell off a majority stake in Intel Security (formerly McAfee) to TPG, a US investment firm. Intel will be branching out the Intel Security division into a new standalone company with an initial value of $4.2 billion. Intel will get $3.1 billion from TPG and will keep a 49 percent stake after the transaction's completion. TPG will receive a majority stake of 51 percent and will invest a further $1.1 billion in the new company, which will be renamed back to McAfee. Intel has said that Senior Vice President and Intel Security General Manager Chris Young along with the existing management team will continue in their roles at the new company. "The new company will be one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity companies," Intel has stated in its official press release. Intel Security's current strong points include endpoint and cloud security products. Intel bought McAfee for $7.68 billion in January 2011. Intel rebranded the company as Intel Security in early 2014, after John McAfee, the company's founder, had several encounters with law enforcement in Belize and Guatemala that began to damage the McAfee's corporate brand. Last week, John McAfee sued Intel for the right to use the McAfee trademark in a new company he's managing, claiming that Intel doesn't use the brand anymore, and it's his real name. #Intel#McAfee#John McAfee#Intel Security#business subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news John McAfee Sues Intel for the Right to Use His Own Name Lightspeed PoS Vendor Announces Server Breach Apple Patches OS X and Safari Zero-Days Related to NSO Group Spyware Data of 43 Million Users Stolen in 2012 Last.fm Data Breach Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers Accounts for Reselling Them - Update Hacker Breaks into Italian Government Website, 45,000 Users Exposed Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk Microsoft Replaces Command Prompt with PowerShell in Latest Windows 10 Build Nokia's Return to Smartphone Business Confirmed for 2017 HTC 10 Evo to Be Announced on November 22 Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge Goes on Sale at Sprint and Verizon Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers Accounts for Reselling Them - Update    Intel sells off McAfee unit Related Apps WFilter Enterprise: Monitor bandwidth, filter and block Internet activities on your network from a single computer via a web-based administration interface LastPass: The last password you'll have to remember - a web browser plugin for storing all user accounts in Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Opera and Safari Treek's Password Manager: Store your account credentials locally or in the cloud, synchronize your data and access passwords with a couple of mouse clicks, by using this lightweight application TunnelBear: VPN app for anonymous Internet connections to help you protect your identity, which lets you choose a fake IP address and examine network statistics VPN Gate Client Plug-in: A plugin for SoftEther VPN, whose main purpose is to easily hide your online identity via a network of relay proxy servers that conceal your IP address Net Monitor for Employees Pro: A cross-platform utility that helps users monitor and control multiple remote computers, as well as record screen activity to AVI files Farbar Recovery Scan Tool: Lightweight and efficient application that was designed to help you scan your computer for malware damage and resolve encountered issues Reader comments Bug in Mirai Source Code Could Stop Some DDoS Attacks Dead in Their Tracks more on: Mirai i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News Intel sells off majority stake in McAfee unit Intel made the deal with investment firm TPG, which will own a 51% stake By Michael Kan | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Sep 7, 2016 2:13 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. A worker mounts an Intel sign on a pavilion at San Francisco's Super Bowl City attraction on Jan. 27, 2016. Credit: Stephen Lawson More like this John McAfee’s company could spoil the party for Intel’s new venture Intel is said to mull sale of its security business Intel asserts its trademark rights against John McAfee Video IT security: 3 things you need to know now Intel is selling off a majority stake in its McAfee unit and turning it back into an independent security company. Intel made the deal with investment firm TPG, which will own a 51 percent stake in the new McAfee company. Intel will own the remainder. As part of the deal, Intel is receiving $3.1 billion in cash. It originally bought McAfee back in 2011 for $7.7 billion -- a deal that caused some industry watchers to scratch their heads. Intel is best known as a chipmaker, but at the time it was also hoping to improve  security around its products. PC security was a major concern back then, said Nathan Brookwood, principal analyst at Insight 64. But now cyberthreats are moving to target the cloud and servers. "McAfee had relatively little to do in cloud security. While Intel didn't lose a lot of money, it never was a huge win," he said. In 2014, the chipmaker rebranded its McAfee business as Intel Security. However, reports about a possible McAfee sale circulated earlier this year as Intel worked to restructure its business amid lagging PC sales. In April, the company announced it would cut 12,000 jobs.   On Wednesday, Intel said the new McAfee will be one of the largest “pure-play” cybersecurity companies in the world. The new company will be valued at $4.2 billion. In addition, TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in its new McAfee property to drive growth. Intel will continue partnering with the McAfee unit on security. Chris Young, the general manager for Intel Security, will be head of the new company. In a letter to stakeholders, Young said the company is still committed to delivering on its product roadmap, but that it can execute its plans even faster.  "Our customers want the reassurance that our strategy has not changed. It hasn’t," he added.  The deal is expected to close in next year’s second quarter. Agam Shah contributed to this report.  To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Security IT Industry Michael Kan covers security for IDG News Service. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Fast-Forward Business with IT Automation Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn Best Practices From 22 Smart Cities White Paper Three Mistakes IT Makes That Could Cost Your Organization Millions Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel, TPG to form jointly owned cybersecurity company called McAfee Intel will sell off a majority stake in Intel Security to the private equity firm to create the new spin-off. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | September 7, 2016 -- 21:29 GMT (14:29 PDT) | Topic: Security Intel has reached a deal to sell a majority stake in Intel Security to the private equity firm TPG, creating a jointly owned, pure-play cybersecurity company called McAfee, Intel announced Wednesday. Intel will get $3.1 billion in cash for the deal, as well as a 49-percent stake in the new business. TPG will own the remaining 51 percent and will make a $1.1 billion equity investment in the business. The transaction values Intel Security at $4.2 billion. Intel Security General Manager Chris Young will be appointed CEO of the new company once the transaction closes. Young published an open letter to Intel Security's stakeholders on Wednesday, outlining the benefits of the deal. "As a standalone company supported by these two partners, we will be in an even greater position of strength, committed to being the best provider the cybersecurity industry has ever seen," he said. "We will continue to focus on solving the unique demands of customers in the dynamic cybersecurity marketplace, drive innovation that anticipates future market needs, and continue to grow through our strategic priorities." Intel bought McAfee in 2011 and rebranded the security group as Intel Security in 2014. Last year, Intel Security adjusted its strategy to refocus the business on endpoint and cloud as security control points, as well as actionable threat intelligence, analytics, and orchestration. More security news Is encrypted e-mail a must in the Trump presidential era? Britain has passed the 'most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy' New York DA vs Apple encryption: 'We need new federal law to unlock 400 seized iPhones' ​Google's request for map of Korea denied Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Is encrypted e-mail a must in the Trump presidential era? Security New York DA vs Apple encryption: 'We need new federal law to unlock 400 seized iPhones' Security Three mobile: Three arrested after data breach Security ​Google's request for map of Korea denied × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main Content Site Search Search Advanced Search Register Member Login Send to a friend Member Login Your Email PasswordForgotten your password? Home News Exchanges Exchange Directory Exchange Holidays Sample Exchanges Handbook Articles Regulators/Associations Publications White Papers FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index Exchange Forum You are here: Home Media & Resources News News Centre Intel And TPG To Collaborate To Establish McAfee As Leading Independent Cybersecurity Company Valued At $4.2 Billion Press Events News RSS Videos Newsletters About Mondo Visione Vendors Polls Glossary Acronyms FT Trading Room Elsevier and Mondo Visione Media Contacts NYSE Exchanges Blog White Papers Newsletter Subscription Form Newsletter Enter your email address to receive regular updates Intel And TPG To Collaborate To Establish McAfee As Leading Independent Cybersecurity Company Valued At $4.2 Billion Date 07/09/2016 Highlights: TPG and Intel to jointly invest in spin-out of Intel Security in a transaction valuing the business at $4.2 billion Intel to receive $3.1 billion in cash and retain 49 percent stake after completion of the transaction TPG to own 51 percent of the new company, which will be named McAfee Investment reflects TPG’s confidence in Intel Security’s industry-leading enterprise and consumer businesses, strong market position, and business momentum Positions new company as one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms Intel senior vice president and Intel Security general manager Chris Young and existing management team to lead the new company following transaction close Intel Corporation and TPG today announced a definitive agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly-owned, independent cybersecurity company. The new company will be called McAfee following transaction close. TPG will own 51 percent of McAfee and Intel will own 49 percent in a transaction valuing the business at approximately $4.2 billion. TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business. Through this transaction, TPG, a leading global alternative asset firm with demonstrated expertise in growing profitable software companies and carve-out investments, and Intel, a global technology leader that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices, will work together to position McAfee as a strong independent company with access to significant financial, operational and technology resources. With the new investment from TPG and continued strategic backing of Intel, the new entity is expected to capitalize on significant global growth opportunities through greater focus and targeted investment. The new company will be one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity companies. Last year, Intel Security unveiled a new strategy that refocused the business on endpoint and cloud as security control points, as well as actionable threat intelligence, analytics and orchestration. This new strategy allows customers to detect and respond to more threats faster and with fewer resources. “Security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices,” said Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel. “As we collaborate with TPG to establish McAfee as an independent company, we will also share in the future success of the business and in the market demand for top-flight security solutions, creating long-term value for McAfee’s customers, partners, employees and Intel’s shareholders. Intel will continue our collaboration with McAfee as we offer safe and secure products to our customers.” "We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG’s investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector," said Jim Coulter, Co-Founder and Co- CEO of TPG. "TPG is excited to partner with Intel and McAfee management to accelerate growth of the business by enhancing its go-to-market strategy and continuing to grow and strengthen its core product offerings.” “At TPG, we look to partner with both established and emergent leaders in dynamic and growing markets,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG. “We have long identified the cybersecurity sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyberattacks, as one of the most important areas in technology. Given McAfee’s leading global market position, loyal customer base, and trusted technology, we see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly-strategic platform that is growing consistently and addressing significant and evolving market demand.” Positioning the New Company for Future Growth  Chris Young will be appointed CEO of the new company upon closing of the transaction. Today he published an open letter to Intel Security’s stakeholders outlining benefits of the transaction and new company. “As a standalone company supported by these two partners, we will be in an even greater position of strength, committed to being the best provider the cybersecurity industry has ever seen,” Young said. “We will continue to focus on solving the unique demands of customers in the dynamic cybersecurity marketplace, drive innovation that anticipates future market needs, and continue to grow through our strategic priorities.” Currently, Intel Security’s comprehensive software platform protects more than a quarter of a billion endpoints, secures the footprint for nearly two-thirds of the world’s 2,000 largest companies, detects more than 400,000 new threats each day, and represents more than 7,500 strong of the industry’s most talented professionals. The business has demonstrated strong momentum. Through the first half of this year, Intel Security Group revenue grew 11 percent to $1.1 billion, while operating income grew 391 percent to $182 million. Intel Security also increased total bookings 7 percent per year on a constant currency basis from 2013 to 2015.1 Terms of the Transaction, Financing and Timeline  Under the terms of the agreement, TPG will own 51 percent of a newly-formed cybersecurity company in a multi-step transaction valuing Intel Security at approximately $4.2 billion, based on an equity value of approximately $2.2 billion plus McAfee net debt of approximately $2 billion. The debt initially will be financed by Intel until completion of audited financial statements for McAfee (expected within three to five months of close). The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Back to List Publications Handbook Online Exchange Handbook Trading Places World Exchanges Media & Resources Press Events News FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index Glossary Acronyms White Papers Twitter Legal and About Us About Mondo Visione Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap © Mondo Visione 2016 About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Careers Sitemap Back to Top News RSS Site by Red Ant
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Intel to spin out cybersecurity unit, sell stake in business to TPG Wednesday, 7 Sep 2016 | 6:57 PM ETReuters SHARES show chapters <p>Intel and TPG to co-own McAfee</p> <p>Intel and TPG will jointly invest in a spin out of Intel Security. CNBC&#039;s Jon Fortt reports the details.</p> Intel and TPG to co-own McAfee    Wednesday, 7 Sep 2016 | 4:15 PM ET | 01:26 Intel said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base's potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee's founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel's board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel to spin off cybersecurity unit McAfee By Afp Published: 17:13 EST, 7 September 2016 | Updated: 17:13 EST, 7 September 2016 e-mail US tech giant Intel announced plans Wednesday to spin off its cybersecurity operations as an independent company under the name McAfee. The move comes six years after Intel announced the acquisition of McAfee, one of the leading antivirus software companies at the time. An Intel statement said the spinoff would be made with the investment group TPG, which would own 51 percent of McAfee, leaving Intel with 49 percent and valuing the group at $4.2 billion. Intel's announcement to spin off its cybersecurity operations under McAfee will allow it to focus on new priorities such as wearables and other connected devices ©Remy Gabalda (AFP/File) Intel chief Brian Krzanich said in a statement that "security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices." The new group will be one of the world's largest pure-play cybersecurity companies, and frees Intel to focus on new priorities such as wearables and other connected devices. "We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG's investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today's rapidly evolving security sector," said Jim Coulter, co-founder and co-chief executive of TPG. Chris Young, who heads the unit, will be CEO of the new company. Intel announced the $7.68 billion deal for McAfee in 2010 and closed the deal in 2011. The group is no longer affiliated with founder John McAfee, who was a fugitive from authorities in Central America and more recently made a run for the US presidency. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã Shared a selfie while cuddling up 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  'I get up in the middle of the night and go to the fridge': Robbie Williams admits he suffers from night eating   Has been on a diet since his Take That days Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Carrying Miss Daisy! New mum Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby it's cold outside 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon New book in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo series to be published next year (despite creator Stieg Larsson's 2004 death) 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Specs Suggest Intel Corp. Modem Win The official specifications for the iPhone 7 suggest that Intel really is inside of the iDevice maker's new smartphone. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Sep 7, 2016 at 4:49PM Image source: Apple. It had been rumored for quite some time that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had decided to use cellular modem chips from microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) in its upcoming iPhone 7 series of smartphones. After Apple's launch presentation and subsequent publication of the specifications of the new phones on its website, there is no longer any doubt that Intel has won a material portion of the iPhone order volumes. The hard evidence On the Apple website, the company provides the key technical specifications for both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. These specifications include lists of the various cellular standards and wireless bands that the phone supports. Here's the wireless-band information for each iPhone model from the site: Image source: Apple, via screenshot. This year, at least in the United States, Apple is offering two models each of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. One variant of each phone will support the CDMA standard (as the specifications above illustrate), while another from each won't. This is almost certainly due to the fact that while modems manufactured by Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) support CDMA, Intel's do not. So, in order for Apple to source modems from both chipmakers, the company had to build two separate variants of each of its new phones. Some additional observations Notice that the model with CDMA support also supports TD-SCDMA, while the model that lacks CDMA does not. TD-SCDMA is a popular wireless standard in China, so expect that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models that Apple sells in China won't feature Intel's modems, but Qualcomm's. In the United States, the phones sold through Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program, which allows the user flexibility in choosing carriers, will use the Qualcomm modem in order to allow for broader compatibility. However, I would expect the phones sold through GSM carriers in the United States to use the Intel modem. This should make those carriers happy, because it makes it impossible for buyers of the phones they sell to use those phones on a CDMA network. This doesn't completely lock customers in, as a user with a GSM iPhone should still be able to switch to another GSM carrier -- so, say, from AT&T (NYSE:T) to T-Mobile US (NASDAQ:TMUS) or vice versa -- but it makes switching harder. Looking ahead to the future If Apple decides to continue to dual-source modems from both Qualcomm and Intel in the generation following the iPhone 7, it will once again have to offer one model without CDMA support, as Intel's next-generation modem -- the XMM 7480 -- doesn't support the standard. I do believe that the follow-on modem, which The Oregonian revealed to be named the XMM 7560 when it wrote about a leaked memo from an Intel executive, may offer CDMA support. Remember that in late 2015, Intel picked up the CDMA assets from a company called VIA Telecom. If Intel executes well, it should be able to get that technology integrated into the XMM 7560 for the 2018 iPhone. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and T-Mobile US. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Sep 7, 2016 at 4:49PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.09 up $0.14 (0.13%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.73 up $0.06 (0.09%) AT and T NYSE:T $37.34 down $0.07 (-0.19%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.79 down $0.23 (-0.66%) T-Mobile US NASDAQ:TMUS $53.58 up $0.19 (0.36%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG By Reuters Published: 20:03 EST, 7 September 2016 | Updated: 20:03 EST, 7 September 2016 e-mail Sept 7 (Reuters) - Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base's potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee's founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel's board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru, Joseph Menn in San Francisco and Liana Baker in New York.; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Alan Crosby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã Shared a selfie while cuddling up 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  'I get up in the middle of the night and go to the fridge': Robbie Williams admits he suffers from night eating   Has been on a diet since his Take That days Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Carrying Miss Daisy! New mum Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby it's cold outside 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon New book in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo series to be published next year (despite creator Stieg Larsson's 2004 death) 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel to spin out McAfee cybersecurity unit into new company By Associated Press Published: 16:41 EST, 7 September 2016 | Updated: 16:41 EST, 7 September 2016 e-mail Intel is spinning out its cybersecurity unit into a new company, called McAfee, in a deal with private equity firm TPG. The deal values McAfee at $4.2 billion, including its debt of about $2 billion. Santa Clara, California-based Intel had bought McAfee in 2011 for $7.68 billion. Intel said Wednesday that McAfee will be one of the largest cybersecurity firms and will be led by Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's security group. Intel will get $3.1 billion cash and retain a 49 percent stake in the new company. TPG, based in Fort Worth, Texas, will invest $1.1 billion in McAfee and own 51 percent of the company. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter next year. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã Shared a selfie while cuddling up 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  'I get up in the middle of the night and go to the fridge': Robbie Williams admits he suffers from night eating   Has been on a diet since his Take That days Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Carrying Miss Daisy! New mum Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby it's cold outside 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon New book in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo series to be published next year (despite creator Stieg Larsson's 2004 death) 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Intel Buys Movidius to Grow Computer Vision Capabilities       Intel Buys Movidius to Grow Computer Vision Capabilities     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-09-07 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Intel grows computer vision capabilities with Movidius buy; Iovation acquires LaunchKey to boost security and fraud protection; AMD ships 7th generation desktop PC processors; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos IBM Launches Security Services Headquarters in Massachusetts DAILY VIDEO: IBM opens global headquarters for security services; IoT devices evolving rapidly as... Dell Data Protection Secure Lifecycle Encrypts Data in Motion Daily Video: Dell data protection defends against external, insider threats; Microsoft Outlook... 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Intel Grows Computer Vision Capabilities With Movidius Buy Iovation Acquires LaunchKey to Boost Security, Fraud Protection AMD Ships 7th Generation Desktop PC Processors ZTE Unveils Smaller Axon 7 Mini Smartphone       Today's topics include Intel's plan to use Movidius to expand its computer vision capabilities, Iovation's acquisition of LaunchKey in an effort to boost security, AMD is shipping its 7th generation desktop PC processors and ZTE's unveiling of a smaller Axon 7 mini smartphone. Intel is expanding its capabilities in virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the internet of things with the planned acquisition of Movidius, whose low-power processors are designed to enable much of the processing of data gathered from such technologies as Intel's RealSense computer vision platform. Intel officials are positioning the move as a way to increase the chip maker's presence in a broad array of devices, such as robots, drones and virtual reality headsets, and make it a larger player in such emerging areas as VR, augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence. The acquisition is also part of Intel's larger initiative to refocus much of its efforts and resources on such growth markets, pivoting away from the struggling global PC market. Security vendor Iovation is acquiring privately held password-free log-in vendor LaunchKey in a bid to improve user security and reduce the risk of fraud. News of the acquisition was provided exclusively to eWEEK, but terms of the deal are not being made public. LaunchKey was founded in July 2012 and has raised $4 million in venture funding. Iovation, in business since 2004, has built out products and platforms to help reduce fraud online. Advanced Micro Devices is shipping its latest desktop processors that will come with up to four of the vendor's current Excavator cores and will appear in systems from HP Inc. and Lenovo later this year. While the new 7th Generation A-Series Bristol Ridge desktop chips won't feature AMD's high-profile upcoming Zen core—those processors will begin to appear later this year and really ramp in early 2017—they will bring significant performance and power efficiency improvements over their Kaveri-based predecessors, will be more competitive with Intel processors and will include the chip maker's new AM4 platform, which comes with its own set of new features. In all, the new Bristol Ridge accelerated processing units, which put the compute and graphics capabilities on the same piece of silicon, and the adoption by Lenovo and HP are important steps for AMD. ZTE has announced its latest smartphone, the Axon 7 Mini, which includes many of the premium features of its Axon 7 stablemate but incorporates a 5.2-inch display instead of the 5.5-inch screen of the original device. The Axon 7 Mini, which ZTE unveiled on Sept. 1 at the IFA 2016 conference in Berlin, will be available in the United States, Russia, Germany, Spain, Poland, Japan, Australia, India and Saudi Arabia in the future, with pricing to be announced. The phones will be available in markets outside the U.S. at the end of September for about $334 in Europe with Value-Added Taxes included. The smartphone features a 5.2-inch full HD AMOLED touch-screen display, a Qualcomm MSM8952 octa-core processor, an Adreno 405 graphics chip, 3GB of memory, 32GB of on-board storage, a 2,705mAh nonremovable Li-ion battery and quick-charging capabilities.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Developer   /   Azul's New Zing Release Brings Cassandra, Spark Performance Boost       Azul's New Zing Release Brings Cassandra, Spark Performance Boost     By Darryl K. Taft  |  Posted 2016-09-07 Print               Azul Systems delivered a new version of its Zing JVM, which improves performance of Apache Cassandra, DataStax and Apache Spark apps. Azul Systems, a provider of Java runtime solutions for developers, has released a new version of its Zing runtime for Java, which is a drop-in replacement for legacy Java Virtual Machines (JVMs). The new release, Zing 16.07, improves Java application performance up to three times and also features optimizations to improve the performance and scalability of Apache Cassandra, DataStax Enterprise, a big data platform built on Cassandra, and Apache Spark. "The Java runtime is essential technology for enterprises ranging from early-stage startups to the Global 1000," said John Abbott, distinguished analyst at 451 Research. "Azul's latest Zing release adds uniquely compelling new performance and functionality for business-critical Java workloads." According to the TIOBE Index, Java remains the most popular programming language in the enterprise. Java applications require a JVM to run. The JVM sits between the operating system and the application itself and enables the computer to run Java programs. Oracle's HotSpot is the most widely used JVM in the enterprise, and other vendors, including IBM and Red Hat, provide JVMs. However, Azul's Zing is a scalable JVM for enterprise applications and systems that require any combination of consistent low latency, high transaction rates, high scalability or large in-memory data structures. Scott Sellers, president and CEO of Azul, said Zing helps developers overcome common problems, including poor performance and scalability, runtime inconsistency, and inefficient use of server CPU and memory resources. Moreover, Zing eliminates JVM-specific issues like runtime stalls associated with garbage collection and various other revenue-robbing performance issues, Sellers told eWEEK. He noted that Zing's consistent performance and scalability enables Java developers and DevOps staff to focus on building and deploying applications rather than tuning the JVM. "With Zing 16.07, we are delivering a Java runtime that allows our customers to drive more revenue by delivering a better user experience and improved performance and scalability," Sellers said in a statement. "Zing's support for TSX features in Intel's latest Broadwell-based Xeon processors is a performance game-changer for Java developers writing multi-threaded code, and allows applications to scale to unprecedented levels. We're especially excited to announce our free Zing evaluation program, allowing users to download Zing now free of charge, and try its unique features and capabilities in their environment with their applications." Indeed, Zing's support for Intel's Transactional Synchronization Extensions (TSX) found in Intel's "Broadwell" Xeon processors will enable companies to handle more transactions, more data, and more customers in the same data center footprint with no change to the Java application, Azul said. And Zing provides an eight to 10 percent improvement in the performance of Apache Cassandra, DataStax Enterprise and Apache Spark deployments, as well as a 75 percent reduction in compiler pauses during application warm-up, the company said. In general, the new release delivers a 5 percent improvement across the board as compared to previous versions of Zing, Azul said. Cassandra is seeing widespread use in the enterprise as a large-scale, NoSQL database in a wide range of use cases, Sellers said. "As such, consistency of performance and 'five nines' reliability becomes paramount," he said. "As Cassandra is written in Java, it can suffer from unexpected pauses and inconsistent performance. Zing eliminates these issues, and with the new Zing release also offers better performance to address the never-ending desire for higher performing, more scalable databases." Moreover, Sellers noted that Apache Spark is quickly gaining momentum as the preferred framework for writing applications accessing big data, replacing older paradigms like MapReduce. "As big data paradigms move from older batch-style use cases to interactive and streaming use cases, consistent performance and scalability becomes important," Sellers said. "As Spark is Java-based, Zing addresses performance limitations of Spark when running on legacy JVMs." In addition to the new features and the free evaluation program, Azul also is offering new pricing aimed at startups and companies with annual revenues under $25 million per year, as well as for ISVs and manufacturers who wish to embed or integrate Zing with their products. "Admittedly, $25 million is an arbitrary number, but the point is, we want to encourage even small companies to use Zing and stop wasting precious engineering time working around performance, scale, and memory size limitations found in legacy JVMs," Sellers said. Using Zing eliminates an entire category of engineering work—Java tuning, performance triage and more—and allows for companies big and small to get their products to market faster, with more resources available to add more features and capabilities and ultimately create better products, he added. Zing 16.07 is available from the Azul website and the Amazon Web Services Marketplace. The single license annual subscription price for Zing is $3,500 per physical server, with significantly lower prices for higher volumes and longer-term subscriptions, Azul said.             LATEST DEVELOPER ARTICLES   Google, Samsung Back Microsoft's .NET Development Framework Microsoft Finally Confirms Rumors Visual Studio Coming to macOS GitHub Enterprise 2.8 Upgrade Ready For Business Projects APIs Help Drive Revenue, Market Cap Increases North American Developers View Cyber-Warfare as Top Threat                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close WWD logo Fashion Zuhair Murad on Dressing J.Lo, Sofia Vergara, Blake Lively and Barbie Saint James Sets U.K. Expansion Plans Fashion Island Nabs Alice + Olivia, AG Karl Lagerfeld Now Comes in a Chrome Version Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Abercrombie & Fitch Shares Fall on Missed Q3 Earnings NRF Sees Shopping Thanksgiving Weekend Busier Than Last Year Lane Bryant Taps Polo's Malissa Akay for GMM Slot Ron Galella Talks Hunting Jackie Kennedy at Time Inc.'s 100 Influential Photos Launch Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Melanie Dir Launches Perfume Line Gamine Frank Body Hits U.S. Retail Scene, Enters Urban Outfitters Bold Colors Dominated Spring Runway Beauty Looks Clarins to Introduce Fifth Generation Hydration Line, Seventh Generation Body Fit Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Esquire Teams With Macy’s on Men’s Jewelry Collection Pitti Uomo to Open in Uncertain Economic Scenario Robert Talbott Opens New York City Store Destination XL to Ditch TV Ads for Holiday Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway ATM Anthony Thomas Melillo Pre-Fall 2017 Paco Rabanne Resort 2017 Diesel Black Gold Pre-Fall 2017 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Swarovski Forum Details China's Growth Cities, Multibrand Potential Casadei Opens Largest Flagship in London's Mayfair Amélie Pichard Will Forgo Seasonal Collections to Foster Creativity, Commerce Accessories Hit List: Bags and Shoes Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Getting to Know Spring's Top Runway Models Loewe Unleashes Trio of Parties to Fete Madrid Flagship Marilyn Monroe's Famously Scandalous Dress Fetches Millions at Auction Fondazione Prada to Open New Exhibition Space in Milan Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Paparazzo Ron Galella Talks Hunting Jackie Kennedy "She may not have loved me but she loved my work.” clock 1h • Rosemary Feitelberg Fashion Loewe Opens Madrid Flagship, With All the Trimmings An exhibition, book and calendar also trumpet the brand’s new look, made over the last three years by creative director Jonathan Anderson. clock 20h • Miles Socha Business Coach Unveils 20,000-square-foot House on Fifth Avenue The brand this year moved to new headquarters and now to a vast new retail space. clock November 17, 2016 • Sharon Edelson Intel Teams With Tome, Prabal Gurung and Band of Outsiders for NYFW As the official technology sponsor of NYFW, Intel has partnered with a host of designers to offer fans a virtual reality runway experience. By Rosemary Feitelberg on September 7, 2016 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk INTEL’S NEW REALITY: Fashion followers who prefer to catch the shows from their couches, will get a more authentic view this season thanks to an alliance between Intel and IMG. As the official technology partner for the New York Fashion Week spring shows, Intel has lined up a roster of designers including Prabal Gurung, Marissa Webb, Erin Fetherston and Dan Liu to live broadcast their respective shows using stereoscopic virtual reality. By downloading Voke’s GearVR app to use with a Samsung Gear VR headset, fans can get a sharper view of what’s going on the runway. They can also check out the NYFW site or the participating designers’ sites for a 2-D look at the shows. Other New York Fashion Week participants on board with the program include Band of Outsiders, Noon by Noor, Lisa N. Hoang, Namilia, Irina Vitjaz, Supima, Misha Collection and Telfar. In recent seasons, Intel has made its presence known during the New York runway shows, teaming with select designers like Chromat last season to create dresses and sportswear that used sensors to glow in the dark. Intel chief executive officer Brian Krzanich won’t be at any shows this time as he has in the past. For this month’s round of shows, Intel has collaborated with Tome, which will show a bracelet based on Intel Curie technology that is designed to help wearers improve their health and stay connected on-the-go. Intel and Tome’s designers Ryan Lobo and Ramon Martin have also joined forces to create a concept handbag that will be equipped with Intel technology that will measure ambient temperature, toxic gases and barometric pressure. Baja East x Fila will also use Intel’s Curie technology for Fila footwear designed to track the wearer’s fitness level. Ticketless consumers can get a glimpse of Intel’s wearable and concepts at The Shop at NYFW where Tag Heuer connected watches will be up for sale. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. accessories Prabal Gurung sports marketing Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Mexican Fashion Industry Vows to Fight Trump’s NAFTA Plans clock November 17, 2016 • Ivan Castano Latest Galleries Emma Stone, Nina Dobrev, Warren Beatty, Jenna Dewan Tatum and Zuhair Murad Shine at Stylemakers 2016 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Alexander Wang Sample Sale FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd @golden_barbie is taking over our Snapchat at @WWD today to bring you live updates from the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. Tune in at 10:30 a.m. PST. #StyleMakers2016 @wwd The Costume Institute's new exhibition is finally here. "Masterworks: Unpacking Fashion" reminds visitors of the evolution of fashion by spelling out how highly-technical pieces have changed the course of fashion from the early 18th century to today. @wwd Donatella Versace just opened @versace_official's second hotel in the world, Palazzo Versace Dubai. See how the designer celebrated at WWD.com. @wwd @traceeellisross is this week's cover star. The actress from the hit series @blackishabc forges her own chic path and is being honored as this year's Style Innovator at the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. (📷: @rainmac) @wwd The @alexanderwangny sample sale in SoHo brought out all the best street style looks. Check out WWD.com to see them all and get the full scoop on the brand's first sample sale in two years. (📷: @lifeinreverie) @wwd From @vanessaseward to @driesvannoten, bright swaths of color on the eyes were omnipresent at fashion's spring shows. (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd @amberfillerup reveals the secret to getting her full, long hair. Click link in bio to get the full scoop. (📷: Will Ragozzino) @wwd "It's not the technique that makes the difference in fashion, but the care and passion. Talent is conceptual, but if there is no passion or sharing a project, you lose the poetry." - @maisonvalentino's creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli (📷: Simone Lezzi) @wwd Exclusive behind-the-scenes look at @victoriassecret Angel @josephineskriver's fitting for the VS Fashion Show. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd ICYMI: From @dior opening its first makeup boutique in NYC to @lordandtaylor unveiling its holiday windows, here are all the major highlights from this week. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd See all the hottest sneaker trends from Sneaker Con NYC. 👟 (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd The Life Aquatic: Designers showered their spring collections with all manner of maritime references, making for a refreshing season. (📷: @eds1ngleton) @wwd Here we are!! @stellamccartney #menswear #abbeyroadstudios 📷 @maryamccartney 👍🏽 #stellaxabveyrd @wwd #beastieboys 👌🏽 #stellaxabbeyrd @stellamccartney 📷 @marymccartney #nenswear #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @wwd @sharleenspiteri 🎉 #WWD #stellaxabbeyrd 📷@maryamccartney @wwd #bethditto 👌🏽#stellaxabbeyrd #wwd @stellamccartney 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd Feels like home #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @stellamccartney #london 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd @stellamccartney is unveiling her first ever men's collection today. For an exclusive insider look, follow along on our Instagram Stories as Stella's sister @maryamccartney takes you behind the scenes. Tune in at 2 p.m. EST. #StellaXAbbeyRd @wwd We're talking spring trends with @netaporter's Vice President of Global Buying @sarahrutson at 12 p.m. EST on Facebook Live. Click link in bio to tune in. More From Our Brands Footwear News 6 Ways To Upgrade Classic Men’s Shoes 5h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Beauty Forum 5d Ago Variety Vice CEO Shane Smith Named Keynote Speaker for Variety’s Dealmakers Event 5h Ago BGR Release date for Pokemon Go Generation 2 might have just leaked 4h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2016  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry Software Intel tells John McAfee he can't use his own name By Rob Thubron on Sep 5, 2016, 8:30 AM 21 comments TechSpot Back in May, ever-controversial John McAfee became the executive chairman and CEO of MGT Capital Investments - a small startup that invests in fantasy sports and mobile games – following its acquisition of his D-Vasive antispy software firm. One of his first moves was to rename the company after himself, but it seems Intel isn’t happy with this idea, and now the situation appears to be heading for the courts. So why can’t McAfee use his own name? According to recently filed documents in the Manhattan federal court, Intel had threatened to take legal action over the change back in June as it allegedly infringes on the “McAfee” trademark that the chipmaker owns. Intel acquired the McAfee antivirus software company, along with the brand trademarks, for $7.68 billion back in 2010. A letter from Intel managing counsel Kelly Smith reads: “As you surely are aware, Intel (under its Intel Security division) uses the McAfee trademark in connection with its portfolio of antivirus and other security solutions and services. Further, McAfee Inc. owns numerous registrations for McAfee and McAfee formative trademarks around the world. Through extensive use, the McAfee trademark is a strong mark and extremely well known in the industry.” “Any use of the McAfee name in connection with your company and its provision of D-Vasive’s antispy software or other security solutions would surely be likely to confuse customers as to the source of your company’s products, and/or suggest some affiliation or relationship with McAfee or Intel that does not exist.” McAfee and MGT filed a lawsuit against Intel on Friday, citing an “Asset Acquisition Agreement” from 1991, back when McAfee sold his assets to the antivirus company. They claim it proves he still has the right to use his name. Intel confirmed in 2014 that it planned to start phasing out the McAfee brand in favor of “Intel Security,” another factor McAfee says should be taken into consideration. Related Reads Eccentric millionaire John McAfee is running for president John McAfee appointed CEO of gaming investment firm, renames company after himself Intel is phasing out the McAfee Security brand, will keep shield logo 21 comments 1,146 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Nvidia's latest 375.86 drivers plagued with issues Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Samsung's latest acquisition and next-gen text messaging Popular 33 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill 25 comments Update: Nvidia GeForce 375.95 Hot Fix solves low memory speed issues 20 comments Teenager who died of cancer has her wish to be cryogenically frozen granted by court Load Comments 21 ... User Comments: 21 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 21 Teenager who died of cancer has her wish to be cryogenically frozen granted by court 25 US inventor's folding paper bike helmet wins James Dyson award 59 Facebook employees have reportedly created a task force to stop fake news stories 8 UK's Snooper's Charter approved by parliament, set to become law in next few weeks 7 Domino's delivers first pizzas using aerial drone Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Merrill Lynch Has 4 Large Cap Dividend Paying Tech Stocks to Buy Now By Lee Jackson September 7, 2016 8:25 am EST Print Email Tweet Summer is finally starting to turn to fall, and that means the traders and portfolio managers are back from vacation and ready to make plans for what could be a very bumpy rest of 2016. With the potential for interest rate increases, a sure to be intense final 60 days to the presidential election, and typical seasonal volatility, caution may be the best avenue for now. For growth investors with a longer term time horizon, one well to go to is large cap technology, especially the companies that also pay solid dividends. We screened the research universe at Merrill Lynch looking for large cap technology leaders that pay dividends. We found four rated Buy that make good sense now. HP This is the printer and personal computer businesses of the old Hewlett-Packard. HP Inc. (NYSE: HPQ) provides products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers and small- and medium-sized businesses, as well as to the government, health and education sectors worldwide. The company’s Personal Systems segment offers commercial personal computers (PCs), consumer PCs, workstations, thin client PCs, tablets, retail point-of-sale systems, calculators and other related accessories, software, support and services for the commercial and consumer markets. The Printing segment provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, media, scanning device and software and services, as well as LaserJet and enterprise, inkjet and printing, graphics, and software and web services. HP investors receive a 3.4% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target for the stock is $15, and the Wall Street consensus estimate is $15.54. The shares closed Tuesday at $14.63. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. The company also provides communication and connectivity offerings, such as baseband processors, radio frequency transceivers and power management integrated circuits, and tablet, phone and Internet of Things solutions, which include multimode 4G LTE modems, Bluetooth technology and GPS receivers, software solutions and interoperability tests, as well as home gateway and set-top box components. Intel reported an inline second quarter, but data center sales came in way below expectations. But a new partnership with Microsoft for a virtual reality, as well as a consistent shift away for reliance on chips for personal computers, keeps the stock a compelling buy. Intel investors receive a 2.85% dividend. The $42 Merrill Lynch price target compares with the consensus target of $37.58. The shares closed Tuesday at $36.57. Pages: 1/2 « Why HD Supply Was Pummeled After Earnings Report Why Retrophin Shares Have Soared » Read more: Technology, featured, Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HPQ), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Texas Instruments, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXN) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates Powerball Lottery Has Now Hit $320 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Safest States in America America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Where Do All Those Mobile Apps Come From? A Single Quake Could Shake Both Ends of California Texas Jobs Market May Be Signaling Decent News for the Oil Patch Impinj Gears Up for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 7 Facts You Didn't Know About Index Funds Nuance Communications Stock Upgraded: What You Need to Know Synutra International, Inc. Shares Pop on Its Big News U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively How Gold Can Get Its Grove Back 3 Embarrassingly Cheap Dividend Stocks More Downside Seen for Euro ETF Emergency Department Workers Face High Stress, Burnout Amazon Tackles Islamophobia In Heartwarming Christmas Ad Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Coverage of Disruptive Science and Technology Forum About Contact Facebook twitter Google September 03, 2016 AMD, GlobalFoundries Focus on Path to 7 nanometers AMD, computers, technology Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit AMD’s recently-released Polaris GPUs and upcoming “Zen”-based processors are being made at the GlobalFoundries fab 8 plant in Malta, NY. Like IBM Power9 and Intel Kaby Lake, Zen uses 14nm process technology. Kaby Lake, released this week, is Intel’s third generation of processors to use the 14nm process, while AMD has just begun shipping 14nm production silicon (Polaris GPUs). Interestingly, we learned this week that GlobalFoundries is skipping the 10nm process. A statement from AMD said that it will collaborate with GlobalFoundries on the 7nm technology node, building on the success of the 14nm node. It’s possible that AMD will use another fab’s services for a 10nm process node, but going from 14nm to 7nm would put the chipmaker in position to leapfrog Intel. Intel’s 10nm die shrink is expected for the second half of 2017 with the debut of Cannonlake (formerly Skymont). This is the same time frame that IBM is releasing its 14nm next-gen Power9 CPU. AMD plans to launch its first 14nm CPU, the Zen-based “Summit Ridge,” in early 2017. Zen Expectations AMD showed off some of its new Zen-based silicon in San Francisco last month and talked up the new high-performance cores. The next-gen microarchitecture design, led by renowned chip architect Jim Keller, is said to enable a 40 percent improvement in instructions per clock over Zen’s predecessor, Excavator. The “Zen”-based “Summit Ridge” desktops will utilize the AMD AM4 socket, a new unified socket infrastructure that is compatible with 7th Generation AMD A-Series desktop processors – previously codenamed “Bristol Ridge” – for exceptional performance and connectivity scalability required by AMD partners and customers. The first desktop systems featuring 7th Generation AMD A-Series processors and new AM4 sockets are scheduled to ship in the second half of 2016 in OEM PC designs. With dedicated PCIe® lanes for cutting-edge USB, graphics, data and other I/O, the AMD AM4 platform will not steal lanes from other devices and components. This allows users to enjoy systems with improved responsiveness and benefit from future-ready technologies that the AM4 platform provides with a powerful, scalable and reliable computing solution. SOURCES - AMD, HPCWire Author: brian wang on 9/03/2016 Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit Newer Post Older Post Home Форма для связи Name Email * Message * Archive ▼  2016 (2009) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (45) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (60) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (64) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (52) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (60) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (42) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (48) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (49) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (58) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (34) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (44) ▼  08/28 - 09/04 (73) Emdrive peer reviewed paper will publish December ... China has a new long range bomber program AMD, GlobalFoundries Focus on Path to 7 nanometers... FDA bans common ingredients in antibacterial soaps... China ratifies the 2015 Paris Climate Change Agree... Cannae will launch demo cubesat to prove it has th... For first time, carbon nanotube transistors outper... India and USA push ahead with plans to make six AP... Russia will begin production of improved supercond... China's deal with Ukraine for the World's heaviest... SES-10 will be the first-ever satellite to launch ... Two billion at risk of Zika Virus in Africa and As... Step toward eliminating cancer recurrence China's two child policy should see population pea... The antibody aducanumab reduces Aβ plaques in Alzh... Centimeter-Level GPS Positioning Road to Skynet update - DARPA will use internet of... DARPA working on jam resistant communication will ... DARPA Room-Temperature Atomic Layer Deposition cou... India has a successful scramjet test Tesla will have major software improvement to self... Spacex falcon 9 explodes on launch pad during stat... Geocosmo detects intermittent magnetic and ground ... China and Ukraine will build more of the world's l... Peer Reviewed EmDrive AIAA paper is on the way US Air Force is looking at improving stealth of ex... Carbon nanotube nonvolatile NRAM memory 1000 times... Carnival of Space 473 US Marines certain about putting combat lasers on ... Pre:lude has $100 million in funding to address in... Made in Space wins the Singularity University Gran... Smartstones is the Singularity University Grand Ch... Lowesbot will be placed into all 11 Lowe's Stores... Nextbigfuture had transferred domain hosting to Go... View smart nanotechnology glass is in 250 commerci... Future of Work - People at the center #gsummit Biohacking - converging on you #gsummit Becoming four times more productive at work #gsumm... Maximizing Human Performance -hacking creativity a... Strong predictors of life outcomes and using AI t... Interstellar Starshot Project Update Battery developers should emulate semiconductor te... China forms $7.5 billion commercial jet engine com... If China has a hard economic landing it would mean... Follow up on HD164595 signal Moon Express to mine hydroxyl from the moon and pr... Capture proof is the winner of the Singularity Uni... Harvest is the winner of the 2016 Singularity Univ... Environment - SU Global Grand Challenge winner #gs... South Korea debating making a nuclear submarine in... How to Make a Spaceship: A Band of Renegades, an E... IBM Watson AI Xprize #gsummit Stephane Bancel - Exponential Health - Digital pha... Daniel Kraft digital Health #gsummit Graphene Quantum Dots in Quantum Computing Exponential Organization - panel talk with John Ha... Democracy Earth Governance Singularity Grand Chall... Geocosmo can forecast earthquakes weeks in advance... Global Grand Challenge #gsummit Unworkable Concept for Solar Express Space Train f... EXPONENTIALS 101: ENERGY by Ramez Naam Juno successfully executed 36 orbital flybys of Ju... Exponential Computing and Networking by Brad Templ... SU Global Summit #gsummit - Diamandis talks to St... Fostering Innovation Centauri Dreams reports of an Interesting SETI Can... Neil Jacobstein - AI 101 at Global Singularity Sum... Vibrant data and its mapping and connecting softwa... Rob Nail CEO of Singularity University #gsummit Technology is the force that turns scarcity into A... Nextbigfuture liveblogging Singularity University ... High Velocity Projectiles, Railguns or other new U... US Navy submitting plan to build 10 additional Vir... ►  08/21 - 08/28 (59) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (55) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (35) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (43) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (65) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (65) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (61) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (46) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (58) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (58) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (50) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (42) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (37) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (37) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (35) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (36) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (28) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (33) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (29) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (53) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (20) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (40) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (23) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (32) ►  02/28 - 03/06 (27) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (26) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (37) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (42) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (32) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (28) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (36) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (33) ►  2015 (1921) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (51) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (33) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (26) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (37) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (38) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (49) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (33) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (40) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (43) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (48) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (40) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (42) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (39) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (28) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (38) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (31) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (38) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (41) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (42) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (41) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (39) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (35) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (35) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (42) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (43) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (46) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (21) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (42) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (29) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (29) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (33) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (51) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (44) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (28) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (34) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (33) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (32) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (24) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (34) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (28) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (42) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (38) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (33) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (28) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (36) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (25) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (34) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (49) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (45) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (43) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (43) ►  2014 (1818) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (27) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (32) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (39) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (46) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (44) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (21) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (42) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (40) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (35) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (49) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (37) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (38) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (34) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (37) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (37) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (39) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (34) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (34) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (30) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (44) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (44) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (34) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (34) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (23) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (21) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (37) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (17) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (38) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (32) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (34) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (43) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (32) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (34) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (34) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (28) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (30) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (40) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (32) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (41) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (41) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (18) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (32) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (32) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (35) ►  02/23 - 03/02 (32) ►  02/16 - 02/23 (26) ►  02/09 - 02/16 (36) ►  02/02 - 02/09 (29) ►  01/26 - 02/02 (35) ►  01/19 - 01/26 (43) ►  01/12 - 01/19 (46) ►  01/05 - 01/12 (46) ►  2013 (2117) ►  12/29 - 01/05 (50) ►  12/22 - 12/29 (31) ►  12/15 - 12/22 (47) ►  12/08 - 12/15 (44) ►  12/01 - 12/08 (57) ►  11/24 - 12/01 (51) ►  11/17 - 11/24 (46) ►  11/10 - 11/17 (39) ►  11/03 - 11/10 (48) ►  10/27 - 11/03 (53) ►  10/20 - 10/27 (48) ►  10/13 - 10/20 (37) ►  10/06 - 10/13 (52) ►  09/29 - 10/06 (51) ►  09/22 - 09/29 (39) ►  09/15 - 09/22 (44) ►  09/08 - 09/15 (38) ►  09/01 - 09/08 (38) ►  08/25 - 09/01 (56) ►  08/18 - 08/25 (43) ►  08/11 - 08/18 (40) ►  08/04 - 08/11 (54) ►  07/28 - 08/04 (52) ►  07/21 - 07/28 (25) ►  07/14 - 07/21 (28) ►  07/07 - 07/14 (31) ►  06/30 - 07/07 (29) ►  06/23 - 06/30 (29) ►  06/16 - 06/23 (35) ►  06/09 - 06/16 (41) ►  06/02 - 06/09 (39) ►  05/26 - 06/02 (34) ►  05/19 - 05/26 (49) ►  05/12 - 05/19 (37) ►  05/05 - 05/12 (48) ►  04/28 - 05/05 (37) ►  04/21 - 04/28 (44) ►  04/14 - 04/21 (39) ►  04/07 - 04/14 (33) ►  03/31 - 04/07 (37) ►  03/24 - 03/31 (37) ►  03/17 - 03/24 (36) ►  03/10 - 03/17 (37) ►  03/03 - 03/10 (52) ►  02/24 - 03/03 (40) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (35) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (27) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (34) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (36) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (32) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (27) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (51) ►  2012 (2728) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (29) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (34) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (45) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (41) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (51) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (39) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (63) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (50) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (60) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (40) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (39) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (51) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (50) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (37) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (44) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (38) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (41) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (52) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (45) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (44) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (52) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (53) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (53) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (46) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (39) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (53) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (48) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (51) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (57) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (54) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (48) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (51) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (62) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (45) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (54) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (59) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (68) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (54) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (54) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (70) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (74) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (65) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (63) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (71) ►  02/26 - 03/04 (57) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (58) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (38) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (54) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (50) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (60) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (62) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (52) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (60) ►  2011 (3141) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (35) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (53) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (58) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (77) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (78) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (67) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (76) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (70) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (44) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (62) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (54) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (58) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (65) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (63) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (57) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (57) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (60) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (70) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (47) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (46) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (42) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (51) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (45) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (54) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (71) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (54) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (70) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (51) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (57) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (32) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (60) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (69) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (52) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (71) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (52) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (58) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (67) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (69) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (75) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (70) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (89) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (65) ►  02/27 - 03/06 (68) ►  02/20 - 02/27 (55) ►  02/13 - 02/20 (57) ►  02/06 - 02/13 (50) ►  01/30 - 02/06 (79) ►  01/23 - 01/30 (73) ►  01/16 - 01/23 (65) ►  01/09 - 01/16 (70) ►  01/02 - 01/09 (57) ►  2010 (2288) ►  12/26 - 01/02 (24) ►  12/19 - 12/26 (41) ►  12/12 - 12/19 (59) ►  12/05 - 12/12 (53) ►  11/28 - 12/05 (61) ►  11/21 - 11/28 (55) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (46) ►  11/07 - 11/14 (54) ►  10/31 - 11/07 (48) ►  10/24 - 10/31 (60) ►  10/17 - 10/24 (38) ►  10/10 - 10/17 (40) ►  10/03 - 10/10 (39) ►  09/26 - 10/03 (47) ►  09/19 - 09/26 (45) ►  09/12 - 09/19 (39) ►  09/05 - 09/12 (50) ►  08/29 - 09/05 (61) ►  08/22 - 08/29 (50) ►  08/15 - 08/22 (44) ►  08/08 - 08/15 (56) ►  08/01 - 08/08 (57) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (42) ►  07/18 - 07/25 (37) ►  07/11 - 07/18 (29) ►  07/04 - 07/11 (40) ►  06/27 - 07/04 (33) ►  06/20 - 06/27 (44) ►  06/13 - 06/20 (45) ►  06/06 - 06/13 (48) ►  05/30 - 06/06 (30) ►  05/23 - 05/30 (40) ►  05/16 - 05/23 (43) ►  05/09 - 05/16 (43) ►  05/02 - 05/09 (38) ►  04/25 - 05/02 (44) ►  04/18 - 04/25 (40) ►  04/11 - 04/18 (34) ►  04/04 - 04/11 (43) ►  03/28 - 04/04 (40) ►  03/21 - 03/28 (40) ►  03/14 - 03/21 (44) ►  03/07 - 03/14 (36) ►  02/28 - 03/07 (46) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (43) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (38) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (53) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (42) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (41) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (41) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (51) ►  2009 (1346) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (22) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (32) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (33) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (39) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (42) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (29) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (42) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (35) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (30) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (34) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (36) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (38) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (38) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (36) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (31) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (28) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (27) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (25) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (18) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (24) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (26) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (28) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (33) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (21) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (14) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (15) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (14) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (33) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (19) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (28) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (18) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (14) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (20) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (15) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (24) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (18) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (26) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (19) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (16) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (17) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (25) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (30) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (21) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (21) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (24) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (30) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (29) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (18) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (21) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (27) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (18) ►  2008 (857) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (6) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (6) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (17) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (12) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (12) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (4) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (14) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (16) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (15) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (12) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (15) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (13) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (12) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (23) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (12) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (18) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (21) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (22) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (27) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (19) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (26) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (22) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (24) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (18) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (14) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (28) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (14) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (24) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (14) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (18) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (22) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (9) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (15) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (7) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (10) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (12) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (19) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (19) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (20) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (13) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (14) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (25) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (13) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (19) ►  02/24 - 03/02 (12) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (10) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (20) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (16) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (20) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (21) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (21) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (22) ►  2007 (954) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (10) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (12) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (21) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (16) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (12) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (24) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (17) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (29) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (20) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (14) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (20) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (26) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (27) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (18) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (14) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (26) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (14) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (1) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (12) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (13) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (11) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (6) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (10) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (32) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (11) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (19) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (9) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (29) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (23) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (21) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (15) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (15) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (24) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (21) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (21) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (33) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (20) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (24) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (15) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (17) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (19) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (18) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (14) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (12) ►  02/25 - 03/04 (26) ►  02/18 - 02/25 (20) ►  02/11 - 02/18 (21) ►  02/04 - 02/11 (19) ►  01/28 - 02/04 (15) ►  01/21 - 01/28 (19) ►  01/14 - 01/21 (30) ►  01/07 - 01/14 (19) ►  2006 (824) ►  12/31 - 01/07 (23) ►  12/24 - 12/31 (2) ►  12/17 - 12/24 (12) ►  12/10 - 12/17 (15) ►  12/03 - 12/10 (21) ►  11/26 - 12/03 (11) ►  11/19 - 11/26 (25) ►  11/12 - 11/19 (20) ►  11/05 - 11/12 (9) ►  10/29 - 11/05 (19) ►  10/22 - 10/29 (16) ►  10/15 - 10/22 (21) ►  10/08 - 10/15 (13) ►  10/01 - 10/08 (17) ►  09/24 - 10/01 (27) ►  09/17 - 09/24 (15) ►  09/10 - 09/17 (20) ►  09/03 - 09/10 (9) ►  08/27 - 09/03 (24) ►  08/20 - 08/27 (15) ►  08/13 - 08/20 (37) ►  08/06 - 08/13 (25) ►  07/30 - 08/06 (20) ►  07/23 - 07/30 (24) ►  07/16 - 07/23 (28) ►  07/02 - 07/09 (4) ►  06/25 - 07/02 (36) ►  06/18 - 06/25 (49) ►  06/11 - 06/18 (44) ►  06/04 - 06/11 (28) ►  05/28 - 06/04 (16) ►  05/21 - 05/28 (12) ►  05/14 - 05/21 (7) ►  05/07 - 05/14 (11) ►  04/23 - 04/30 (6) ►  04/16 - 04/23 (9) ►  04/09 - 04/16 (8) ►  04/02 - 04/09 (19) ►  03/26 - 04/02 (11) ►  03/19 - 03/26 (14) ►  03/12 - 03/19 (21) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (20) ►  02/26 - 03/05 (17) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (6) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (2) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (5) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (4) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (1) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (2) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (4) ►  2005 (59) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (3) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (4) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (5) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (6) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (6) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (6) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (6) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (6) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (1) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (3) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (8) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (5) ►  1999 (2) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (1) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (1) Top sites Oil Price Best of NextbigFuture in 2009 to Week 45 Biosingularity Brian's bio page at the Lifeboat Foundation Build new worlds = Go for Greatness Centauri Dreams Center for Responsible Nanotech Blog Coal is really bad Diamond semiconductors, MNT could break the improvement economic logjam Foresight nanodot Future Pundit Instapundit Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines book online Melanie Swan Futurememes Methuselah foundation blog Molecular nanotechnology search engine Nanotechnology Now Nextbigfuture Flipcard View No nukes means more coal Nuclear Cannon summary Nuclear Green - Charles Barton Quantum computer summary Space and nanotechnology Synthetic biology, DNA/RNA/Protein/self assembly pathway Thorium Energy Thorium, mass produced clean nuclear power Universe Today Blog~nano: Nanoscale Materials Lifeboat foundation blog Nanoparticle drug delivery Community Follow by Email Popular labels future (10412) science (5026) technology (3796) energy (3726) united states (2730) china (2666) world (2636) space (2607) nuclear (2201) physics (2019) economic impact (1937) medicine (1746) materials (1400) military (1385) japan (914) predictions (905) europe (873) robotics (732) russia (704) astronomy (693) nasa (690) oil (663) gadgets (656) gdp (652) environment (622) solar (603) cars (584) economy (577) future weapons (575) disease (573) google (571) launch (569) lasers (553) india (529) fusion (520) airplanes (516) batteries (496) canada (496) darpa (495) life extension (494) propulsion (485) artificial intelligence (483) computers (477) internet (467) public health (464) risks (464) longevity (453) policy (444) UK (441) spacex (434) politics (428) population (425) brain (415) carbon nanotubes (407) navy (404) carnival of space (391) graphene (385) electric cars (380) quantum computer (377) Economics (357) controversial (354) telescope (354) cancer (353) sensors (353) deaths (347) DNA (337) nanotechnology (337) gene therapy (327) smartphone (323) cities (320) qubits (318) uranium (317) enabling technology (315) communication (314) singularity (313) commercialization (309) electronics (305) air force (304) War (303) transhuman (301) stem cells (296) coal (293) antiaging (289) elon musk (283) molecular nanotechnology (280) Mars (274) nanoscale (271) climate change (263) carnival of nuclear energy (261) metamaterials (261) fission (259) wireless (259) superconductor (251) water (242) computer memory (236) poverty (235) UAV (223) asia (221) regeneration (218) air pollution (217) geopolitical (216) movies (216) magnets (214) dwave (213) mit (212) gadget (210) hypersonic (210) supercomputer (210) apple (208) wind (204) moon (195) tissue engineering (192) imaging (191) SENS (190) africa (189) ibm (188) cold fusion (186) food (186) 3d (185) quantum effects (185) army (183) intel (183) adiabatic quantum computer (182) public transportation (181) television (181) additive manufacturing (180) peak oil (180) ships (180) buildings (176) synthetic biology (173) business (172) wealth (170) agriculture (169) cellphone (168) germany (168) displays (166) drones (166) south korea (166) colonization (161) nanoparticles (159) broadband (157) satellites (155) gene sequencing (152) engineering (151) israel (151) DNA nanotechnology (149) lithography (148) thorium (146) natural gas (144) bootstrapping nanotechnology (142) genetic engineering (140) australia (139) personalized medicine (137) computer architecture (135) taiwan (135) education (130) low energy nuclear reactions (130) NIAC (129) superconductors (127) korea (125) bakken (124) iran (124) nvidia (123) weapons (122) exoskeleton (121) north dakota (121) aging (120) computer (120) fiction (119) self assembly (119) dense plasma focus (118) samsung (118) cameras (116) transportation (116) hybrid (115) iphone (115) quantum dots (114) nanowires (112) android (111) france (109) machine learning (109) mind computer interface (108) focus fusion (107) spintronics (107) optical networking (106) sander olson (106) skyscrapers (106) brain emulation (105) thermoelectric (105) asteroids (104) microscopes (104) aircraft (102) geopolitics (102) microsoft (101) oceans (101) proteins (101) rossi (101) interviews (100) optical computing (100) room temperature superconductor (100) telescopes (100) airplane (98) futurist (98) singapore (98) cyborg (97) invisible (97) vaccines (97) mathematics (96) diamond (95) printable electronics (95) tablets (92) exaflop (91) high speed rail (91) biofuels (90) ultracapacitors (90) terahertz (89) future weapons (88) petaflop (88) intelligence (87) molten salt (87) petaflops (86) RNA (85) cognitive enhancement (85) engines (85) iec fusion (84) concentrated solar power (83) manufacturing (82) nanomedicine (81) tablet (81) supercomputers (80) faster than Moore's Law (79) oilsands (79) italy (77) nanomaterials (77) MEMS (76) direct energy weapons (75) finance (74) quantum annealing (74) virus (74) memristors (73) neurons (73) performance enhancement (73) GPGPU (71) cloud computing (71) railgun (71) alzheimer's (70) iraq (70) california (68) rapid manufacturing (68) smartphones (68) plasmonics (67) regenerative medicine (67) saudi arabia (67) submarine (67) global warming (66) silicon photonics (66) submarines (66) nanostructured (65) tesla (64) nanoparticle drug delivery (63) security (63) solar sail (63) speculation (63) transhumanist (61) brazil (60) economies (60) electric planes (60) guided self assembly (60) robots (60) DNA origami (59) crispr (59) deepwater oil (59) mach effect (59) wearable electronics (59) facebook (58) jobs (58) molecular electronics (58) alberta (57) nextbigfuture (57) planetary resources (57) entertainment (56) flexible electronics (56) lab on a chip (55) ocean (55) HP (54) algorithms (54) hydro (54) oil shale (54) ukraine (54) rapid prototyping (53) biomarkers (51) deep learning (51) emdrive (50) lifeboat foundation (50) radiation (50) photonic propulsion (49) gpu (48) quantum computers (48) laser (47) myostatin inhibitors (47) fuel cells (46) mechanical nanotechnology (46) memristor (46) active cloak (45) drexler (45) AMD (44) neuromorphic (44) general fusion (43) mundane singularity (43) Friedlander (42) euv lithography (42) genomics (42) pre-singularity (42) teraflop (42) amazon (41) broad group (41) electric bikes (41) space elevator (41) superlenses (41) wealthy (41) video games (40) holograms (39) mexico (39) nanophotonics (39) star wars (39) exoplanets (38) femtosecond laser (38) genome engineering (38) precursor technology (38) programmable molecular nanotechnology (38) texas (38) atomically precise manufacturing (37) fish (37) high resolution (37) spaceplane (37) zettaflop (37) desalination (36) flash (36) millimeter wireless (36) surveillance (36) 3d. materials (35) blacklight power (35) policies (35) saskatchewan (35) flu (34) indonesia (34) quantum (34) self driving cars (34) terrorism (34) augmented reality (33) camera (33) gigapixel (33) DNA synthesis (32) nanopatterning (32) Project Orion (31) gigabit (31) mitochondria (31) nanoelectronics (31) plasmons (31) fabber (30) robot (30) xprize (30) diamondoid mechanosynthesis (29) exaflops (29) pollution (29) social media (29) MRI (28) diabetes (28) drone (28) hyperion power generation (28) hyperloop (28) silicon (28) challenges (27) construction (27) hunger (27) ocean mining (27) winterberg (27) RNA interference (26) bloodstream robots (26) carbon capture (26) flying car (26) freitas (26) gene synthesis (26) geoengineering (26) gps (26) OLED (25) big data (25) pathway (25) teraflops (25) virtual reality (25) casimir force (24) crowdfunding (24) heartland robotics (24) open source (24) prediction (24) helion energy (23) internet of things (23) nanoimprint (23) robotic (23) roll to roll (23) semiconductor (23) FPGAs (22) computational chemistry (22) electric sail (22) kickstarter (22) superconducting (22) communications (21) cubesat (21) kitegen (21) nanomembranes (21) quantum encryption (21) satellite (21) skyscraper (21) smart grid (21) sports (21) antimatter (20) lighting (20) parkinson's disease (20) planes (20) star trek (20) techonomy (20) brillouin energy (19) contour crafting (19) hong kong (19) medical (19) mobile (19) nanolaser (19) pakistan (19) south america (19) atomic layer deposition (18) biofuel (18) city (18) genes (18) genetics (18) nanocomposites (18) nanodiamond (18) vietnam (18) zyvex (18) car (17) dna manufacturing (17) ebeam lithography (17) exascale (17) nanoribbons (17) syria (17) terabit ethernet (17) urbanization (17) verizon (17) AGI (16) algae (16) electric (16) futurists (16) graphite (16) nems (16) nuclear fusion (16) privacy (16) rapamycin (16) spain (16) spiderfab (16) synthetic life (16) tourism (16) transformation optics (16) transgenic (16) LIDAR (15) antenna (15) defkalion (15) led (15) nanomagnet (15) nanotechnology business (15) nanowire (15) safety (15) seastead (15) solve for x (15) tensilica (15) LPP fusion (14) attosecond laser (14) chemistry (14) commercial (14) cryonics (14) display (14) domes (14) eestor (14) genome (14) liquid fluoride (14) nanoplasmonic (14) power beaming (14) resveratrol (14) sound (14) DNA computers (13) building (13) deep reinforcement learning (13) double lithography (13) epigenetics (13) genescient (13) magnet (13) nanofactory (13) nervous system (13) petrobank (13) telomeres (13) wimax (13) adaptive clinical trials (12) bitcoin (12) cloning (12) cvd (12) nanofibers (12) north korea (12) rejuvenation (12) society (12) south africa (12) space based solar power (12) vaccine (12) video (12) 5g (11) Claytronics (11) UK Ideas Factory (11) bacteria (11) bolonkin (11) crowdsourcing (11) electric car (11) farming (11) gsummit (11) metformin (11) mram (11) nanobots (11) nanorobotics (11) new state of matter (11) phase change material (11) pluto (11) railguns (11) reusable rocket (11) software (11) sony (11) wars (11) RFID (10) asteroid (10) femtotech (10) gas (10) geothermal (10) googlex (10) harvesting (10) hyperlenses (10) innovation (10) law enforcement (10) matter (10) moons (10) nanoantenna (10) nanolithography (10) petabyte (10) plasma (10) sensor (10) terrestrial energy (10) thermo-photovoltaic cells (10) vision (10) Cnano Technology (9) artificial organs (9) bigelow (9) concrete (9) deep mind (9) egypt (9) ereader (9) graphane (9) infrastructure (9) lenr (9) movie (9) nanopores (9) ovonic (9) petawatt (9) petrobakken (9) philippines (9) photonics (9) port security (9) renewable (9) toyota (9) turkey (9) vertical farming (9) DNA nanoarray (8) baidu (8) bioprinting (8) brains (8) crime (8) electricity (8) electron beam (8) fpga (8) fullerenes (8) funding (8) gbps (8) honda (8) kurzweil (8) laptops (8) leap motion (8) nanocomp technologies (8) obesity (8) optogenetics (8) political (8) programmable matter (8) rethink robotics (8) scramjet (8) ASICS (7) ILEMM (7) atomtronics (7) biotechnology (7) cloud (7) computational lithography (7) cryocooling (7) databases (7) ebola (7) ecat (7) engine (7) exoplanet (7) exosuit (7) google loon (7) history (7) hypertelescope (7) meat factories (7) nanoparticle (7) nanosensors (7) red camera (7) room temperature spintronics (7) scooters (7) smart dust (7) soft exoskeleton (7) superintelligence (7) taxes (7) trialpha energy (7) work (7) Rotaxane (6) aerogel (6) antennas (6) atomic swiches (6) battery (6) calico (6) cement (6) computational government (6) conservation (6) dip pen lithography (6) exawatt (6) gene drive (6) genomic engineering (6) high temperature reactor (6) hybrids (6) illusion (6) interstellar (6) interview (6) magnetic (6) marines (6) material (6) mind reading (6) nanodots (6) nanorod (6) nanotubes (6) poor (6) self replication (6) synapse (6) three forks (6) tilera (6) top-down nanotechnology (6) ultrasound (6) MicroRNA (5) algorithm (5) atom circuit (5) brain uploading (5) cleantech (5) cloaking (5) corruption (5) cray (5) cyberwar (5) disruption (5) dubai (5) exponential manufacturing (5) ftl (5) futurism (5) greece (5) h1n1 (5) hoverboard (5) iRNA (5) industry (5) internet of everything (5) magnetic monopoles (5) microscope (5) motorcycles (5) nanodevices (5) nanorods (5) nuclear energy (5) productivity (5) protein (5) quantum well (5) risk (5) silicon valley (5) skylon (5) solar energy (5) stratolaunch (5) sun microsystems (5) terapixel (5) tools (5) trapped ion (5) venezuela (5) Nigel B. Cook (4) abundance (4) annealing (4) artificial life (4) automation (4) beyond cmos (4) bikes (4) boron nanotubes (4) bubbles (4) death (4) diesel (4) emc2 (4) employment (4) entrepreneur (4) ethics (4) flibe energy (4) follistatin (4) george church (4) google glass (4) ipad (4) jetpack (4) malaysia (4) medicine. (4) memcapacitors (4) meminductors (4) merkle (4) microbiome (4) microscale (4) monopoles (4) nanomagnet logic (4) nanomanufacturing (4) nanomembrane (4) nanometals (4) nanomotors (4) nanotip (4) nantero (4) optical tweezers (4) personal transport (4) precision medicine (4) quantum biology (4) rna nanotechnology (4) sensing (4) smartwatch (4) sport (4) super high vision (4) synthetic fuel (4) tanks (4) techology (4) terabit (4) terabyte (4) transparent (4) venus (4) wifi (4) wolfram alpha (4) world war (4) Amazon ec2 (3) aids (3) antilaser (3) avagadro scale computing (3) baldness (3) bioengineering (3) carbon (3) carbyne (3) chromebook (3) diblock copolymer (3) dna brick (3) ebook (3) energy. united states (3) esail (3) exabyte (3) extinction (3) extraterrestrial (3) fast boat (3) faster than light (3) fat (3) fat loss (3) genomes (3) haptic interface (3) health (3) highlights (3) ido bachelet (3) low power (3) magnetics (3) malnutrition (3) megacities (3) metagenomics (3) metallic hydrogen (3) methuselarity (3) mice (3) micronutrient (3) middle class (3) montana (3) nano-ionic memory (3) nanopore (3) nanotechnology IPO (3) nuclear fission (3) nutrigenomics (3) parallel (3) petahertz (3) petapixel (3) plasmonic lithography (3) poll results (3) ppp (3) programmable metallization cell (3) quantum computing (3) qubit (3) recombineering (3) services science (3) ship (3) silicene (3) smart cities (3) spaser (3) spinplasmonics (3) stm (3) straintronics (3) supersonic (3) sweden (3) tech (3) twitter (3) uber (3) waters (3) wikileaks (3) wireless power (3) xray (3) zero point energy (3) zettawatt (3) Baxter (2) Ben Goertzel (2) FGPA (2) Freeman Dyson (2) PACER (2) USV (2) alphabet (2) art (2) beam pen lithography (2) biochar (2) buidings (2) cannae (2) capri (2) carbon atomic chains (2) cella energy (2) cells (2) chipsat (2) climate (2) cluster state quantum computer (2) computing (2) data mining (2) data science (2) dell (2) detection (2) device (2) devices (2) drug delivery (2) et energy (2) et3 (2) excitons (2) existential risk (2) field effect transistors (2) fighters (2) finFET (2) flywheel (2) free-piston engine (2) future energy (2) gagdets (2) gbit/s (2) gdp. economic impact (2) gecko (2) gigaflop (2) google future (2) graphics (2) graphyne (2) gravity (2) green (2) head mounted display (2) hoverbike (2) iarpa (2) jovion corporation (2) laser sintering (2) liposuction (2) magnetricity (2) maker (2) mapping (2) medicines (2) metamaterial (2) metmaterials (2) microtechnology (2) miltary (2) mining (2) nanocrystalline cellulose (2) nanocubes (2) nanodiamonds (2) nanodisks (2) nanoenergetics (2) nanoglue (2) nanolattice (2) nanometer (2) nanooptics (2) nanopillars (2) nanoprobe (2) nanosand (2) nanosheets (2) nanostore (2) nanosurgery (2) nanothread (2) nanowelding (2) neural dust (2) neurorobotics (2) nram (2) pandemic (2) personal aviation (2) picometer (2) picoprojectors (2) popululation (2) printable robots (2) quantum cellular automata (2) quantum dot (2) rail (2) ribosome (2) russian (2) rydberg matter (2) science future (2) space tower (2) spinal cord (2) subatomic (2) synthetic bactera (2) telecopes (2) telsa (2) thinfilm (2) transmutation (2) tricorder (2) triple lithography (2) utility fog (2) uuv (2) venter (2) videos (2) wang bullet (2) wave disc engine (2) wet nanotechnology (2) yottabytes (2) yottaflop (2) youtube (2) z-pinch (2) zettabyte (2) 3rd tsunami (1) Bandung (1) British Columbia (1) Chin (1) Cycle Computing (1) Euclideon (1) GNA nanotechnology (1) Grant Norton (1) H2CAR (1) Herman Kahn (1) I am Legend (1) IEDM (1) James Miller (1) Jason Stowe (1) John Mankins (1) Juan Enriquez (1) Kardashev (1) Keith Lofstrom (1) Lower Montney (1) Montney (1) NENS (1) Peter Glaser (1) R2R production (1) R2RNIL (1) Red Whittaker (1) Rodney Brooks (1) Upper Montney (1) VTOL (1) WW3 (1) acer (1) aerographite (1) afghanistan (1) agricultur (1) alaska (1) aliens (1) alphago (1) analytics (1) anodization nanolithography (1) architecture (1) astronomgy (1) aubrey de grey (1) aurope (1) aviation (1) batteries ibm (1) betteries (1) bio-syntrolysis (1) biocomputers (1) biofab (1) bionano (1) blockchain (1) blue origin (1) boltzmann machine (1) bottom up nanotechnology (1) brian ahern (1) brontobytes (1) buckypaper (1) buckywire (1) cardiovascular (1) carmera (1) chemputer (1) chiha (1) china. energy (1) china. nuclear (1) chiplets (1) cholesterol (1) cold war history (1) colloidal quantum dots (1) comcast (1) computes (1) conditional deep belief network (1) connectomics (1) convergence (1) copper nanowelding (1) cornocopia (1) cortical computing (1) cosmology (1) countries (1) crescent point (1) cryosleep (1) cryptocurrency (1) cyborg camera (1) dark knight (1) dendrimers (1) diamandis (1) diamonds (1) dielectrophoresis (1) drone swarm (1) drug dlelivery (1) dry nanotechnology (1) eagle ford (1) econ (1) economices (1) ecoskeleton (1) electrohydrodynamic (1) elevators (1) enterprise (1) eor (1) et (1) exalfop (1) exponential (1) ferropaper (1) flops (1) free space optics (1) free-piston linear alternator (1) fure (1) future physics (1) future technology (1) future. wireless (1) futute (1) gadgetes (1) gadgets future (1) gadgets sensors (1) gallium nitride (1) gate all around (1) geo (1) geocosmo (1) gigawatt (1) glycerol nucleic acid (1) golden spike (1) googlke (1) graphen (1) graphene monoxide (1) guaranteed income (1) halophytes (1) handheld (1) head transplant (1) helium (1) helphookup.com (1) humor (1) hypersound (1) idaho national lab (1) ieee (1) implantable electronics (1) india science (1) intel future (1) intracellular machines (1) ion beam (1) ivf (1) launch loop (1) launcher (1) lifi (1) litecoin (1) lithium sulfur (1) lunar (1) lysosome (1) mRNA (1) magnetic resonance force microscopy (1) magnetic superatoms (1) magnets. future (1) malaria (1) marvel (1) masdar (1) maser (1) materias (1) mcam (1) media equivalence (1) mediciine (1) memcomputing (1) memflector (1) metabolic engineering (1) metalens (1) metananocircuitry (1) methane (1) methylome (1) microassembly (1) microcontact printing (1) miiltary (1) miitary (1) military geopolitical (1) millimeter scale computing (1) mlitary (1) music (1) nabsys (1) naic (1) nano-origami (1) nanoarches (1) nanobrain (1) nanobubbles (1) nanobuds (1) nanocable (1) nanocar (1) nanoceramic (1) nanochannels (1) nanocones (1) nanodomes (1) nanofluid (1) nanofoam (1) nanogravure (1) nanoionic (1) nanokites (1) nanolipogel (1) nanopantography (1) nanopaper (1) nanoposts (1) nanoscalpels (1) nanoshell (1) nanoshields (1) nanosolder (1) nanostars (1) nanoweave (1) nasa future (1) nasa science (1) nasa. niac (1) neural network (1) neural turing machine (1) neuroprosthesis (1) nias (1) nokia (1) nuclea (1) numenta (1) obama (1) oilsand (1) optalysys (1) optical metamaterial assembly (1) optoelectronic (1) optomec (1) paintable batteries (1) paperphone (1) paralysis (1) peptoid nanotechnology (1) perfect lens (1) petabits (1) phablet (1) phycsics (1) physics science (1) picoscale (1) picosecond (1) plasmene (1) pokemon go (1) polariton superfluid (1) polaritons (1) polaritronics (1) political future (1) poltics (1) popup mems (1) positron dynamics (1) probabilistic CMOS (1) propulsion launch (1) protection (1) protocell (1) quad lithography (1) quantum learning (1) quantum machine learning (1) quantum simulation (1) quantum spin liquid (1) qudits (1) radar future (1) rb2015 (1) regenerative dentistry (1) regulation (1) remote (1) rf-stm (1) scanning beam interference lithography (1) scarcity (1) sceince (1) science fiction calculations (1) science. materials (1) science. quantum communication (1) sciencee (1) sciene (1) senses (1) server sky (1) servers (1) sharing economy (1) skyhook (1) smart dew (1) smokefree cooker (1) solitons (1) sprayon solar power (1) stanene (1) startram (1) statite (1) ste (1) stratosphere (1) stumbleupon (1) supercavitation (1) superinsulator (1) superlattice (1) supply chain (1) synthetic chemistry (1) tcarbon (1) technogy (1) technology energy (1) technology future (1) technology gagdets (1) technolology (1) techonology (1) tegra (1) teleccopes (1) telemedicine (1) terawatt (1) the Hobbit (1) time (1) timing (1) tokomak (1) topological quantum computer (1) tpv cells (1) trains (1) transplant (1) tri-alpha energy (1) tristar (1) tropic thunder (1) turbines (1) tyler formation (1) ultra-short pulse (1) ultravector (1) united (1) universal memory (1) upu (1) user interface (1) vietname (1) voice recognition (1) weapon (1) wearable (1) wearables (1) willow garage (1) wind. solar (1) wnd (1) word (1) x labs (1) zeolites (1) zeptojoules (1) zram (1) Facebook plugin Energy Space Science Technology World Medicine Robotics Quantum Computers Artificial intelligence About Copyright © 2014 New big future Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. About UsContact Facebook twitter Google RSS
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Snapchat Prepares for an IPO What you need to know Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More Get great deals this season My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Intel (INTC) Buys Movidius to Boost Artificial Intelligence September 07, 2016, 07:26:00 AM EDT By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Moving deeper into the booming artificial intelligence (AI) space, Intel Corporation INTC acquired an AI startup based in California. The terms of the deal were not disclosed. Movidius is a maker of chips focused on integrated system-on-chip solutions that are designed to aid computer vision applications. The company also provides algorithms for things like deep learning, navigation and depth processing. Movidius has developed compact chips that already power DJI's Phantom 4 drones, enabling autonomous piloting. It has about 180 employees with offices in Silicon Valley, Ireland and Romania. Following the news, Intel's share price rose more than 1%. Why this Move? We note that the deal comes at a time when Intel is shifting its focus from the traditional desktop PC market to computer vision hardware. With this deal, Intel will be better positioned to enhance its RealSense depth-sensing cameras. The deal will help Intel to develop high-speed, low-power chips for RealSense cameras used in devices that need to be conscious of the world around them. The company plans to deploy these sophisticated cameras in augmented, virtual and merged reality systems. Also, it plans to use these cameras in drones and robotics to help them avoid obstacles and navigate crowded spaces. Intel calls the RealSense camera "Visual Intelligence" that will also be used in its other major undertaking, autonomous vehicles. Internet of Things (IoT) is slowly but gradually making its way into our lives. With connected devices gaining popularity, a huge amount of data is generated that needs to be interpreted to gain insights. With this move, Intel will be in an advantageous position to gain expertise in deep learning (an aspect of machine learning used in training software) that finds its application in IoT. Bottom Line Intel is one of the world's leading producers of semiconductor components and digital platforms. It was once the leader of all things technology. It has descended from that throne but is slowly working its way toward regaining lost glory. Now, Intel's focus has shifted to a product range targeting different segments of the market, namely data center business, cloud and IoT. In order to boost its ambition of giving "human-like sight" to connected devices, the company has made several other acquisitions. Let's see whether these new initiatives will help Intel regain its lost position. INTEL CORP Price INTEL CORP Price | INTEL CORP Quote Zacks Rank At present, Intel has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Some better-ranked stocks in the broader technology space are NVIDIA Corporation NVDA , sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), and STMicroelectronics NV STM and Texas Instruments TXN , both carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Confidential from Zacks Beyond this Analyst Blog, would you like to see Zacks' best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report STMICROELECTRON (STM): Free Stock Analysis Report INTEL CORP (INTC): Free Stock Analysis Report TEXAS INSTRS (TXN): Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA CORP (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Business , Stocks Referenced Symbols: STM , INTC , TXN , NVDA More from Zacks.com Subscribe When Rich Nation Growth Stagnates Getting Hit Hard from All Sides: Global Week Ahead Can The Uptrend Continue for STMicroelectronics (STM)? Related Stocks Articles Subscribe 3 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Selling 11/18/2016 12:40 PM Why Shares of Gap Inc. Slumped Today 11/18/2016 12:36 PM An Unexpected Way To Profit From Rate Hikes 11/18/2016 12:30 PM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman Chief Executive Officer Russia Looks to Have Gained Two Allies Pimco Returns to Net Inflows, Boosting Allianz Shares -- 2nd Update As Cybercrime Rises, So Does Spending On Cyber Security EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. What You Need To Know Before You Buy An Infrastructure ETF View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Cards for Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced STM 80% Rate It INTC 84% Rate It TXN 92% Rate It NVDA 81% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Ex-Apple Engineer's Job Application To Genius Bar Gets Rejected 7 September 2016, 7:24 am EDT By Fritz Gleyo Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing LinkedIn - Here's What You Should KnowNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing JK Scheinberg started working for Apple in 1987 and continued to do so until 2008 when he finally retired. However, even with 21 years as an Apple employee under his belt, he was rejected for a position in an Apple Genius Bar.  ( Martin Pittaya | Flickr ) Advertisement A recent article by the New York Times puts in focus the age prejudice that people over 50 face within a workplace or when seeking employment. One of the highlighted stories was that of a former Apple engineer who got rejected for a position at Apple's Genius Bar. John Kullmann Scheinberg, referred to in the NY Times article as JK Scheinberg, started working under Apple as a product development director in 1987. In later years, Apple had him work on several projects as a senior engineer. From the years 2000 to 2008, Scheinberg was assigned to the Intel OS X kernel development in which he led the effort of moving Mac OS X to the Intel Platform. "Yes I'm the engineer that started the Marklar secret project moving Mac OS X to the Intel Platform," Scheinberg specifies in his LinkedIn page. Scheinberg retired in 2008 and thereafter, launched a couple of startup companies. However, restless from his retirement, the 54-year-old applied for a position at an Apple Genius Bar, in which majority of interviewees are half his age. "On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, 'We'll be in touch,'" says Scheinberg. "I never heard back." But while the Age Discrimination in Employment Act prohibits employment discrimination based on age, a 2013 AARP study reveals that 64 percent of older workers, 45 to 74 years old, claim to have either seen and/or experienced age discrimination in their workplaces. Moreover, one in five older job applicants believe that they didn't get hired due to their age. The article's author, Ashton Applewhite, describes ageism as "a dumb and destructive obsession with youth so extreme that experience has become a liability." Applewhite underscores that older workers can handle stress well, are reliable, commit less mistakes and are less likely to injure themselves. These are supported by data gathered by the AARP. Furthermore, a more recent AARP study, titled "The Long Road Back: Struggling to Find Work after Unemployment," shows that older people who lost their long-term job have a harder time finding new long-term jobs and are likely to leave the workforce altogether. And even if they do find new jobs, half of them get paid less than what they were making from their previous job. The upside is that the majority are provided with better working conditions. It is, however, important to note that while more than 50 percent of older people see age as a hindrance for finding a job, they also voted for the lack of job availability, at 71 percent, as the biggest barrier on why they can't find employment. Photo: Martin Pittaya | Flickr  TAG Genius Bar, Apple, Workplace Discrimination © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPhone 7 Plus Spotted On Geekbench, Powerful A10 Processor In Tow Apple Updates Subscription Services To Give App Store Developers With Long-Term Users A Bigger Revenue Split iPhone 7 Specs Predicted Before Wednesday Event: Reputed KGI Analyst Notes What To Expect Purported iPhone 7 Plus Packaging Reveals Option For AirPods Wireless Earphones Out Of The Box Apple Twitter Account Finally Comes Alive And The Internet Comes Up With Different Reasons Why From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' vs. 'Pokémon Moon': Here Are The Differences To Help You Decide Which Version To Buy 2 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More 3 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 Advertisement 4 Internet Amazon Prime Membership Sale: One Day Only $79 Discount Deal Announced Just In Time For Black Friday 2016 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Xiaomi Mi Mix Mini Leaks, Reveals 5.5-Inch Display, Snapdragon 821 And 4 GB Of RAM Under The Hood 6 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 7 Earth/Environment Scientists Modify Photosynthesis To Produce More Crops 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Sprint Black Friday 2016 Deals Include BOGO Galaxy S7, Free 4K TV When You Buy LG V20 And More 9 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 10 Gadgets Samsung Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $50 Off Gear S3 Classic And Frontier, Discounts On Pre-Owned Galaxy Phones And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
GameStar-PCs | Newsletter | Abo-Shop | Merchandise | Forum Netzwerk-Seiten Onlinewelten.com Gamez.de Areagames.de Pietsmiet.de Diablo-3.net Sims-3.net MafiaII.net NfSPlanet.de Gta-Xtreme.de Gamestar.hu Gamestar.pl GamePro.de | Mein-MMO.de | IGN DE GameStar GO Home GameStar-Heft Tablet-Ausgabe GameStar-PCs Abo-Shop Newsletter Quiz Umfragen Gewinnspiele Aktuelles Heft GameStar 12/2016 Erhältlich ab: 23. November 2016 Heftinhalt DVD-Highlights Mitmachkarte One GameStar-PCs GameStar-Notebooks - Schneller, günstiger und leichter mit Desktop-Grafikleistung GRATIS Mafia 3 - Jetzt mit One GameStar-PC TITAN Ihren Rachefeldzug starten » Heft bestellen » GameStar-PCs & Notebooks Folgen Sie uns! Facebook.com Twitter.com Youtube.com Twitch.tv Google+ RSS-Feeds PLUS GameStar Plus Vollversion Reports GameStar TV Vorteile Heftarchiv Heftvideos Plus entdecken GameStar Plus-Vorteile Dishonored von Gamesrocket.de Action » Gutschein holen Firefall - 5x Digital Deluxe Edition und 10x Starter Pack zu gewinnen Blu-rays, DVD & Spiele bei Verleihshop.de - Monatlicher 2,99-Euro-Gutschein PC-Spiele bei Gamesrocket.de - 10 Prozent Rabatt für GameStar Plus Neues bei GameStar Plus Noch mehr Kontrolle mit Plus - Content-Filter erweitert Volle Kontrolle mit Plus - Mit neuem Content-Filter Promotion-Inhalte bestimmen » Alle Neuheiten Was ist GameStar Plus? Fair Play ohne Werbung auf GameStar.de, viele Extras inklusive. Schon ab 1,99€/Monat. » alle GameStar Plus-Vorteile » GameStar Plus entdecken Spiele Alle PC-Spiele Screenshots Wallpaper Charts Genre-Toplisten Release-Liste Downloads Key-Verlosungen Top-Spiele Mafia 3 Dishonored 2: Das Vermächtnis der Maske Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Battlefield 1 Titanfall 2 Tyranny Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered Civilization 6 » Weitere Top-Spiele Spiele-Genres Action Rollenspiele Strategie Sport Adventure Ego-Shooter Online-Rollenspiele Rennspiele News Alle News Top-News Aufreger Spiele-News Hardware Free2Play Deals Top-News Stargate - Film-Reboot von Roland Emmerich liegt auf Eis Dishonored 2 - Beta-Patch 1.1 behebt erste Performance-Probleme Civilization 6 - Großes Herbst-Update: Was die KI gelernt hat Google Pixel - Google sperrte bei Verkauf an Dritte das komplette Nutzerkonto Battlefield 1 - Rentner lernt Weltkriegs-Shooter durch seinen Enkel kennen & lieben Game One - Kultsendung kehrt zurück und heißt jetzt »Game Two« Total War - Setting des nächsten historischen Teils komplett neu Overwatch - Gratis-Wochenende startet heute Abend » Zur Übersicht mit allen News » News einsenden Videos Neueste Videos Video-News Test-Videos Alle Kanäle & Shows Trailer Meistgesehen Top-Videos WD Blue - 1TB-SSD mit verbessertem Speicher Battlefield 1 - Video: Gameplay, Infos und Kritik zum neuen Hardcore-Modus Kong: Skull Island - Film-Trailer mit King Kong und vielen weiteren Monstern Watch Dogs 2 - Angespielt: Was bietet der nahtlose Multiplayer? Dishonored 2 - Test-Video zum Schleichspiel des Jahres Space Hulk: Deathwing - 17 Minuten Gameplay-Demo aus der Solo-Kampagne Rainbow Six: Siege - Red Crow DLC - Neue Kämpfer, neue Taktiken News: No-Man's-Sky-Entwickler macht jetzt Star Citizen - Blizzard-Story-Guru Metzen kündigt wegen Panik-Attacken » Weitere Videos-Trends Tests Alle Tests Action Rollenspiele Strategie Sport Adventure PC-Releases Leser-Rezensionen Test-Highlights Civilization 6 im Test - Krone mit Kratzer Battlefield 1 im Test - Dice hat's noch drauf Titanfall 2 im Test - Fast nichts zu Mech-ern Skyrim Special Edition im Test - Immer noch legendär Tyranny im Test - Das Böse ist richtig gut! Neue Testberichte Motorsport Manager im Test - Angriff auf die Pole-Position Dishonored 2 im Test - So gut war Stealth seit Jahren nicht Warframe im Test - Unterbrechung der Content-Flaute Tyranny im Test - Das Böse ist richtig gut! Transport Fever im Test - Das neue Transport Tycoon? » alle Tests » alle Tests Hardware Hardware News Windows 10 Tests Technik-Checks Ratgeber Grafikkarten Bestenlisten GameStar-PCs Grafikkarten-Tests Nvidia Titan X im Test Geforce GTX 1080 im Test Radeon RX 480 im Test Geforce GTX 1070 im Test Radeon RX 470 im Test Aktuelle Hardware-Tests MSI Trident im Test Logitech G403 Prodigy Wireless im Test PlayStation 4 Pro im Test im Test Gigabyte Geforce GTX 1060 G1 Gaming 3G im Test Kaufberatung Grafikkarten-Kaufberatung Prozessor-Kaufberatung Die besten CPU-Upgrades Selbstbau-PC-Kaufberatung Spiele-PC zusammenbauen SSD-Kaufberatung Die besten Spieler-Mäuse Tastatur-Kaufberatung Headset-Kaufberatung Monitor-Kaufberatung Gehäuse-Kaufberatung » alle Hardware-Tests » alle Praxis-Artikel Artikel Previews Spiele-Specials Technik-Checks Angespielt Reports Interviews Filmkritiken Kolumnen Neue Artikel Rassismus in Spielen - Malcolm X, Mandela und ich 15 Jahre Xbox - Meine Xbox-Achterbahn Planet Coaster - Kreativität muss sein! Fünf Jahre Skyrim - Der Drachen-Dauerbrenner Mass Effect: Andromeda - Die 10 wichtigsten Fragen beantwortet Neue Specials Die besten Oldschool-Rollenspiele - Erzähl mir von früher Planet Coaster vs. Rollercoaster Tycoon World - Klarer Sieger bei den Spielern Die besten Spiele für den Mac - Das sind unsere Top 20 Motorsport Manager - Einsteiger-Guide Die besten Strategiespiele 2015/2016 - Das sind die Top 20 mit der höchsten GameStar-Wertung » alle Artikel » alle Specials Tipps Neue Tipps Ark - Konsolenbefehlen Cheats Singleplayer cossacks 3 - Cossacks 3 PC Cheats Police Tactics: Imperio - Cheat (cheat Engine) RimWorld - Viele Tipps aus eigener Erfahrung Transistor - Die stärksten Skills Neue Lösungen Fallout 4 - Alle Hauptquests und Nebenaufgaben im Walkthrough Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Alle Quests & Missionen im Walkthrough gelöst Dreamfall Chapters - Walkthrough: Alle Missionen in Buch 1 gelöst Action Henk - Action Henk - Walkthrough Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 - Komplettlösung / Walkthrough - Die Hauptmissionen » alle Tipps und Cheats » alle Komplettlösungen Alle Tipps Lösungen Guides Tipps und Cheats Community Neue Blogeinträge Viele Gamer nehmen ihr Hobby nicht ernst!von meisterlampe1989 Being Ben Danneberg - Endlich Baldurs Gate spielenvon delMar Skyrim Physik Bug behebenvon Adecius Games und ihre Möglichkeitenvon Smashmello Neue Leser-Rezensionen Tiger & Chicken - Review “Moorhuhn: Volle doppelte Ladung”von Brakus Battlefield 1 - Geniale Shooter-Action im Ersten Weltkriegvon Klugscheißer Lords of the Fallen - Souls-Like aus Deutschlandvon MattisHammer Stasis - Stückwerk-Grusel mit Mackenvon TheVG » alle Blogs » alle Leser-Rezensionen Forum Blogs Leserrezensionen User Kontrollzentrum Preisvergleich PC-Hardware Grafikkarten Prozessoren Arbeitsspeicher SSD-Festplatten Notebooks & Zubehör PC-Peripherie Monitore Headsets Tastaturen Mäuse Externe Festplatten Unterhaltungselektronik Konsolen Fernseher Blu-ray-Player AV-Receiver Beamer Smartphones & Tablets Handys ohne Vertrag Handys mit Vertrag Handy-Akkus Tablets Tablet-Zubehör » Computer & Software im Preisvergleich » Handy & Telefon im Preisvergleich PC-Hardware Notebooks Spiele & Filme Home Cinema Handy & Telefon GameStar-Sparberater Deals Hardware | News | Windows 10 | Tests | Technik-Checks | Ratgeber | Grafikkarten | Bestenlisten | GameStar-PCs   Microsoft Windows 10 Betriebssysteme   |   Datum: 31.07.2015 Hardware-Newsletter bestellen Den komfortablen Einseiten-Lesemodus gibt's exklusiv bei GameStar Plus. Jetzt holen und fair ohne Werbeunterbrechung surfen und viele Extras dazubekommen. Intel Kaby Lake & AMD Zen - Beschränkung auf Windows 10 wegen neuer Features Die neue CPU-Generationen Kaby Lake und Zen werden von Intel und AMD unter Windows 7 und Windows 8.1 nicht mehr durch neue Treiber unterstützt. Von Georg Wieselsberger | Datum: 03.09.2016 ; 08:40 Uhr Kommentare (91) AMD Zen und Intels Kaby Lake werden von den Prozessorherstellern keine Treiber für Windows 7 und Windows 8 erhalten. Zum Thema Microsoft Windows 10 ab 15 € bei Amazon.de Update: Laut Hothardware sind spezielle Energiespar-Funktionen in Intels Kaby Lake und die Verarbeitung von zwei Threads pro Kern bei AMDs Zen die Gründe dafür, dass die neuen Prozessoren wohl nur unter Windows 10 offiziell unterstützt werden. Die Speed-Shift-Funktion von Intel ist bereits in den aktuellen Skylake-CPUs wie dem Core i7 6700K enthalten und funktioniert ebenfalls nur unter Windows 10. Kaby Lake wird eine verbesserte Version dieser Energiespar-Funktion bieten. AMDs Zen-Prozessoren können pro Kern zwei Threads verarbeiten, doch laut dem Bericht ist diese Funktion nicht identisch mit dem ähnlichen Hyper-Threading von Intel, die auch in älteren Windows-Versionen funktioniert. Um die neuen Funktionen von Kaby Lake und Zen verwenden zu können, müssen diese aber auch durch den Betriebssystem-Kernel unterstützt werden. Bei Windows 7 hatte Microsoft für die AMD Bulldozer-Prozessoren noch ein Update bereitgestellt, um den Windows-Kernel für dessen neue Funktionen zu optimieren. Da Microsoft aber aktuell nur noch Windows 10 mit neuen Funktionen ausstattet, wird auch nur noch diese Windows-Version für die neuen CPU-Generationen optimiert. Allerdings sollten laut dem Bericht keine Probleme auftreten, wenn die neuen Prozessoren beispielsweise mit Windows 7 genutzt werden. Windows XP funktioniert auch heute noch mit einer Skylake-CPU, auch wenn viele Features des Prozessors dann ungenutzt bleiben. Quelle: Hothardware Originalmeldung: Vor einigen Monaten hatte Microsoft angekündigt, dass die älteren Betriebssysteme Windows 7 und Windows 8.1 keine Unterstützung mehr für neue, zu diesem Zeitpunkt nicht veröffentlichte CPU-Generationen erhalten werden. Damit waren von dieser Ankündigung sowohl die kommenden Zen-Prozessoren von AMD als auch Kaby Lake von Intel betroffen. Als Grund hatte Microsoft unter anderem angegeben, dass Features der neuen CPUs tiefer in das Betriebssystem integriert werden sollen und das bei älteren Versionen aufgrund des unterschiedlichen Aufbaus nicht möglich sei. Microsoft war für diese Entscheidung stark kritisiert worden, doch nun sieht es so aus, als seien die Prozessor-Hersteller zumindest daran beteiligt. Wie Intel gegenüber PC World bestätigt, wird es für Kaby Lake aufgrund der Entscheidung von Microsoft keine neuen Treiber für Windows 7 und Windows 8 geben. Auch der Technik-Chef von AMD, Mark Papermaster. hat auf Anfrage bestätigt, dass die Roadmap des Unternehmens komplett mit der Software-Strategie von Microsoft abgestimmt ist. Damit scheint nun sicher, dass die neuen Prozessoren beider Hersteller keine Windows-7/8-Treiber mehr erhalten, allerdings ist nicht klar, was das für Nutzer der älteren Betriebssysteme bedeutet. Im besten Fall funktionieren auch die neuen Prozessoren wegen des x86-Standards an sich problemlos, können aber einige neue Features unter Windows 7 und Windows 8 nicht nutzen. Allerdings könnten auch dann noch Probleme mit neuerer Software auftreten, die mit der nicht unterstützen Kombination aus altem Windows und neuer CPU nicht zurechtkommt. Intels Skylake-CPUs wie der Core i7 6700K sind damit die letzte voll unterstützte CPU-Generation unter Windows 7 und Windows 8. Laut AMD bezieht sich die Aussage von Mark Papermaster übrigens nur auf Windows und nicht auf Linux oder macOS. Quelle: PC World Kommentieren (91) vorherige News: PlayStation 4 Neo - Preis auf Release-Niveau der Standard-PS4? nächste News: Star Trek Online - Konsolen-Versionen erschienen – Überarbeitete Version für PC kommt noch Sagen Sie Ihre Meinung (» alle Kommentare) Nur angemeldete Benutzer können kommentieren und bewerten! » Zum Login Sie sind noch nicht in der GameStar-Community angemeldet? » Zur kostenlosen Anmeldung Erster Beitrag  |  » Neuester Beitrag 1 2 3 ... 9 weiter » deutscher_michel #1 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:09 Super Entscheidung, da Win10 aktuell gerade mal 22% Marktanteil hat, wollen sie wohl einfach keine CPUs verkaufen.. https://www.netmarketshare.com/operating-s ystem-market-share.aspx?qprid=10&qpcustomd=0  (24)  |   (50) cryer #2 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:14 Da bin ich jetzt echt gespannt, welche "neuen Killer-Features" es sein werden, die Intel und AMD in die neuen Prozessoren einbauen und ob diese für das tägliche Arbeiten und Spielen am PC wirklich wichtig und von Software-Entwicklern dann auch unterstützt werden ;-)  (11)  |   (9) Tidaltree #3 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:18 Dann heißt es wohl abwarten, welche neuen Features das sind, die nicht funktionieren werden, und ob man auf diese auch verzichten kann. Zudem kann die Behauptung, daß diese Funktionen bei älteren Betriebssystemen nicht integriert werden könne, eine reine PR-Behauptung darstellen, um die Verbreitung von Win1['m]0[ut] zu befördern. Kreativen Codern mag es ja durchaus noch gelingen, Selber einen Treiber für Win7/8 zu programmieren, der diese Funktionen lauffähig integriert.  (13)  |   (12) TheSam #4 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:28 Naja, wenn man bedenkt wie wenig sich die CPUs in den letzten Jahren seit dem 2500k weiterentwickelt haben, dann kann man damit gut leben und kauft sich zur Not eben nochmal einen Skylake und kann den noch vollumfänglich ein paar Jahre nutzen, bis man irgendwann selbst auf ein neues OS wechseln will.  (26)  |   (9) EvilKenivel1976 #5 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:31 Das werden bestimmt irgendwelche neuen Energiesparoptionen sein. Da ich eh immer alles auf Leistung stelle würde mich das nicht interessieren. Naja und außerdem gehöre ich zu den 22% die Windows 10 benutzen ^^  (19)  |   (14) Agent.Smith #6 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:45 Zitat von : Auch der Technik-Chef von AMD, Mark Papermaster. hat auf Anfrage bestätigt, dass die Roadmap des Unternehmens komplett mit der Software-Strategie von Microsoft abgestimmt ist. Und wer ist denn nun auf wen zugegangen und hat um diese Abstimmung gebeten? Ich mein, gerade AMD kann doch gerade echt jeden noch so kleinen Wetbewerbsvorteil gebrauchen. Und Treiber für eins der (noch) verbreitetsten Betriebssysteme überhaupt ist nun sicher kein kleiner Wettbewerbsvorteil. Ich kann nicht so recht glauben, dass gerade AMD so völlig freiwillig und ohne "Motivation von außen" darauf verzichtet hat.  (27)  |   (6) Tigerchen85 #7 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:50 Zitat von Agent.Smith: Ich kann nicht so recht glauben, dass gerade AMD so völlig freiwillig und ohne "Motivation von außen" darauf verzichtet hat. AMD hat im Prozessor Markt einfach nichts mehr zu melden. So einfach ist das. Die Big Player sind nunmal INTEL und Microsoft (im Software Bereich). AMD kann sich fügen oder es lassen, aber es wird sicher nichts ändern.  (7)  |   (33) Agent.Smith #8 | 03. Sep 2016, 09:54 Zitat von Tigerchen85: AMD hat im Prozessor Markt einfach nichts mehr zu melden. So einfach ist das. Die Big Player sind nunmal INTEL und Microsoft (im Software Bereich). AMD kann sich fügen oder es lassen, aber es wird sicher nichts ändern. "Sich fügen" sieht so aus als wären sie gezwungen worden und nicht "motiviert" durch Geld oder Zusagen. Ich glaube es war eher Letzteres.  (6)  |   (7) Eris #9 | 03. Sep 2016, 10:05 Ich kann euch jetzt schon sagen, dass da vielleicht ein sinnvolles Feature dabei sein wird und der Rest nur zur Verdongelung (was für ein Wort :)) des PC´s dient. Natürlich läuft das Ganze dann wieder unter dem Aspekt "Sicherheit für den Endkunden".  (5)  |   (6) Tidaltree #10 | 03. Sep 2016, 10:07 Zitat von Tigerchen85: AMD hat im Prozessor Markt einfach nichts mehr zu melden. So einfach ist das. Die Big Player sind nunmal INTEL und Microsoft. AMD kann sich fügen oder es lassen, aber es wird sicher nichts ändern. Wenn da mal nicht die Geheimdienstinteressen eine Dominanz im Verhandlungsverlauf eingenommen haben ... Ist ja vielleicht auch eine Sache für das Bundeskartellamt. Wäre gespannt darauf, was Die von dieser Abstimmung zwischen Hard- und Softareunternehmen halten würden. Win10-Umstiegsunwilligen Kunden stünde da ja auch noch eine rechtliche Prüfung auf spürbare Beeinträchtigung durch unsachliche Beeinflussung offen [§3;§4 UWG].  (9)  |   (11)  Nach oben 1 2 3 ... 9 weiter » Nur angemeldete Benutzer können Kommentare bewerten. » Zum Login | » Zur Registrierung Soll dieser Kommentar wirklich gemeldet werden? Missbrauch kann zur Account-Sperrung führen! Vielen Dank! Die Beschwerde wurde registriert PREISVERGLEICH Microsoft Windows 10 Pro 64-Bit OEM DE 29,95 € ab 0 € Versand » SHOP 35 weitere Angebote im Preisvergleich Microsoft Windows 10 Home 64-Bit OEM DE 90,09 € ab 0 € Versand » SHOP 32 weitere Angebote im Preisvergleich Microsoft Windows 10 Home 32-Bit OEM DE 94,87 € ab 0 € Versand » SHOP 24 weitere Angebote im Preisvergleich Microsoft Windows 10 Pro 32-Bit OEM DE 130,90 € ab 0 € Versand » SHOP 22 weitere Angebote im Preisvergleich » weitere Angebote Microsoft-Betriebssysteme Microsoft Windows 8 Microsoft Windows 7 Microsoft Windows XP Aktuelle Betriebssysteme Google Android Valve SteamOS Hardware-Praxis Das Darknet - Mehr als nur illegaler Schwarzmarkt Kostenloses Windows 10 Upgrade - Aktivierung nach Fristende Windows 10 Upgrade-Frist läuft ab - Seriennummer jetzt noch kostenlos reservieren Unreal Engine 4 - Fast fotorealistische Grafikdemo Windows 10 Anniversary Update - Das bringt das Service Pack für Windows 10 » Alle Praxisartikel Die besten Games Jetzt mit Amazon sparen und sich die besten Games direkt ins Haus holen! Blitzangebote bei Amazon Angebote: Jeden Tag neue Deals - stark reduziert Deals & Sonderangebote Übersicht Test Bilder Leser-Rezensionen Preisvergleich   GameStar >  Hardware  > Microsoft Windows 10  Top Rubriken: Impressum | Über uns | Kontakt | Nutzungsbestimmungen | Mediadaten | Datenschutz & Cookies | Sitemap | Spielearchiv | Archiv   Webedia Mediengruppe GamePro | IGN | Onlinewelten | Areagames | allyance Network | Gamespilot | Moviepilot | Filmstarts | Purestars | Jeuxvideo.com | Millenium.org | Jobs Facebook YouTube Google+ Twitter RSS-Feeds Newsletter © Webedia - alle Rechte vorbehalten  SCHLIESSEN Originalgröße anzeigen  SCHLIESSEN  SCHLIESSEN Originalgröße anzeigen   


null
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Intel to acquire Movidius computer vision chipmaker Intel has acquired Movidius, a specialist in AI and computer vision processors. The deal will help Intel with deep learning solutions,digital security cameras and expand into drones, robots, virtual reality headsets and more. The financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Movidius, a specialist in AI and computer vision processors has worked with DJI, Google and Lenovo to give 3D vision to devices. It was an early partner with Alphabet Inc.’s Google unit in Project Tango. Intel’s Josh Walden said, With Movidius, Intel gains low-power, high-performance SoC platforms for accelerating computer vision applications. Additionally, this acquisition brings algorithms tuned for deep learning, depth processing, navigation and mapping, and natural interactions, as well as broad expertise in embedded computer vision and machine intelligence. Movidius’ technology optimizes, enhances and brings RealSense capabilities to fruition. Remi El-Ouazzane CEO of Movidius said, Our leading VPU (Vision Processing Unit) platform for on-device vision processing combined with Intel’s industry leading depth sensing solution (Intel® RealSense™ Technology) is a winning combination for autonomous machines that can see in 3D, understand their surroundings and navigate accordingly. Last month, Intel unveiled all-in-one standalone virtual reality (VR) headset dubbed as Project Alloy at the 2016 Intel Developer Forum. The company also acquired artificial intelligence startup Nervana Systems. Source "Intel to acquire Movidius computer vision chipmaker", 5 out of 5 based on 2 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on September 7, 2016Categories Intel, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: OnePlus 3 Soft Gold version launching October first week in India Next Next post: Google Chrome gets Android Pay support Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts HTC schedules an event in Taiwan on Nov 22, water-resistant HTC 10 Evo with Android 7.0 expected Apple could integrate Augmented Reality technology into iPhone camera app Reliance Jio starts testing doorstep SIM card delivery through pilot program Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano surfaces, Apple exploring iPhone production in the US and more – FoneArena Daily YouTube Kids improves parental controls with ability to block videos and channels Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus’ multi-touch issue RCom’s RGC India app for international calls launched, call rates start from Rs. 1.4 per minute CyanogenMod 14.1 nightly builds now available for OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Moto G (3rd Gen) and more Google Home Unboxing Google and Intel team up to push enterprise cloud adoption CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Why Kaby Lake and Zen is Windows 10 only Posted on September 7, 2016 by Nick Farrell - Chips, Software Microsoft raised a few eyebrows when it announced that only Windows 10 will support Intel’s and AMD’s next-generation processor microarchitectures – codenamed Kaby Lake and Zen. It appears that there are a few features on Kaby Lake and  Zen that require significant updates to Windows 10 to optimally function. Kaby Lake uses Intel’s Speed Shift technology that make it possible to change power states more quickly than Skylake. Because Kaby Lake can make Speed Shift transitions faster, 7th Gen Core processors based on the architecture can increase and decrease clocks quickly. Speed Shift is hardware enabled but it uses the OS to function properly. Intel’s Turbo Boost Technology 3.0  with Turbo Boost Max 3.0 technology improves single-thread performance by identifying the fastest core on a particular processor die and prioritising critical workloads for that core. This pushes up the processor’s frequency when needed and  workloads are also directed to the fastest possible core available. Support for that technology needs to be in the operating system. AMD’s Zen-based processors have fine-grained clock gating with multi-level regions throughout the chip. Zen will bring in newer Simultaneous Multi-Threading technology for AMD chips. Microsoft will  have to make updates to the Windows kernel and system scheduler, which is more involved than a driver update. Vole did something similar to add proper support for Bulldozer-based processors with Windows 7. So as far as AMD, Microsoft and Intel are concerned getting rid of support for older systems makes perfect sense. You can’t lock these chips into something which was released seven years ago. Windows 8 is similar to Windows 10 but about as popular as the Boston Strangler it is just not worth trying to update. While corporate customers might like to remain on Windows 7 and incorporate next-gen hardware into their infrastructure, there will not be many of them. Older versions of Windows and alternative operating systems will still install and run on Kaby Lake and Zen, but they just won’t do the cool stuff. Tags: amd, microsoft, Windows 10, zen Search for: Recent Articles Apple finally releases cure for touch disease The fruity tax-dodging cargo cult also known as Apple has finally released a cure for “a problem” in[...] Three was hacked One of Blighty's biggest mobile phone companies, Three, has been hacked and its customer upgrade dat[...] Telcos likely to have supreme power over Google After all its years being in bed with the Obama administration, the search engine Google might sudde[...] Germany mulls fining Facebook over hate speech Germany's Justice Minister thinks that the social notworking site Facebook should be treated like a [...] Too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley Donald Trump’s top advisor claims that there are too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley, in a state[...] © 2016 TechEye.
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News Irish tech company is snapped up by Intel in £251m deal By Staff Reporter Published 07/09/2016 0 Comments Share Irish tech company is snapped up by Intel in £251m deal BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Irish computer chip design business Movidius is being bought by Intel in a deal that is expected to be worth more than €300m (£251m). http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/irish-tech-company-is-snapped-up-by-intel-in-251m-deal-35027090.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/article35027355.ece/de3ef/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-7dcd7811-13eb-4ddf-a718-34d5662fa81d_I1.jpg Email Movidius was founded in 2006 by David Moloney and Sean Mitchell The Irish computer chip design business Movidius is being bought by Intel in a deal that is expected to be worth more than €300m (£251m). Movidius was founded in 2006 by David Moloney and Sean Mitchell. Its main activity is making chips that let machines 'see' and 'think' by giving them more power in smaller, unconnected units. That is now in massive demand, especially for use in unmanned drones. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments After signing deals with Google, Lenovo and DJI, the Dublin company attracted the interest of other top-end tech firms that want to position themselves in the 'internet of things' sector. Movidius chief executive Remi El-Ouzzane said: "I'm excited to announce the planned acquisition of Movidius by Intel. "Movidius' mission is to give the power of sight to machines. As part of Intel, we will remain focused on this mission, but with the technology and the resources to innovate faster and execute at scale. "We will continue to operate with the same eagerness to invent and the same customer-focused attitude that we're known for, and we will retain the Movidius talent and the start-up mentality that we have demonstrated over the years." Last year, Google said that it would use Movidius's technology as part of its own 3D-mapping platform. The move means that Movidius chips could form part of a much wider adoption among phone and mobile device makers. The deal comes as new figures show corporate deal-making slumped UK-wide in the run-up to the Brexit vote. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said there was a 54% slump in successful £1m or more mergers and acquisitions between April and June, with 87 deals involving UK companies worth around £14bn. It marks a sharp decline on the 190 deals completed in the first three months of the year valued at £69bn, which the ONS said was "unusually high". The second quarter figures also show a 34% drop in deals and mark the latest sign that activity was hit by Brexit jitters. Foreign deals with UK firms were their lowest for three years in the second quarter, with 20 deals, compared with 52 between January and March. Belfast Telegraph Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More SSE commits to freezing household energy prices until April 2017  Energy supplier SSE has announced it will be freezing household energy prices until at least April 2017. John Lewis store for Northern Ireland step closer after High Court order  By Alan Erwin Attempts to secure the first John Lewis store in Northern Ireland were given a major boost on Friday by a High Court order on a new planning blueprint for greater Belfast. Brexit challenge: Supreme Court to decide if UK needs Northern Ireland's consent to leave EU  A victims' campaigner's claim that the United Kingdom cannot quit the European Union without the consent of the people of Northern Ireland is to go before the Supreme Court. Shake-up of fund managers proposed by UK financial watchdog  The UK's financial watchdog has outlined a major shake-up for the fund management industry to ensure investors get a good return in an era of low-interest rates. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank  Business News John Lewis store for Northern Ireland step closer after High Court order  Business News Northern Ireland workers experience biggest rise in commuting...  Business News Belfast Telegraph Property Awards 2016: Winners announced at Ramada gala...  Business News Big rise in workers facing daily commutes of two hours or more  Northern Ireland Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Wayne Rooney controversy: Unnamed football agent claims Irish background to blame for behaviour Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping spying powers Northern Ireland needs a Brexit wishlist, insists former Blair aide Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
/ IoT Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Web Dev Let's be friends: Intel Joule: Is it for Maker or Enterprise IoT? Three IoT professionals discuss the Intel Joule, a new dev kit, and the role it could play in helping connect the worlds of maker and enterprise IoT. by Ishu Verma · Sep. 07, 16 · IoT Zone Like (5) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Access the survey results 'State of Industrial Internet Application Development' to learn about latest challenges, trends and opportunities with Industrial IoT, brought to you in partnership with GE Digital. Intel Developer Forum (IDF) last month had many product announcements, including the Intel Joule, a powerful IoT dev kit. Although targeted at makers, Intel and partners spoke about how the  Joule can be used for industrial IoT use cases — cases like augmented reality safety glasses for manufacturing environments from PivotHead. This spawned an interesting debate in geek circles — is Intel Joule just for makers or does it have a place in the hands of the IoT professional/enterprise. Here is how the exchange went amongst three Red Hat IoT aficionados: Rich Naszcyniec @naszcyniec, Paolo Patierno @ppatierno, and Ishu Verma @iot_ishu): Paolo: Building IoT devices for production takes a lot of more sweat and blood than a maker project. I come from the embedded devices world. I wrote code during the time when maker platforms like this didn’t exist, and the cheapest evaluation kits cost hundreds of dollars … today we have products that cost just dozens of dollars I don’t like it when people consider these platforms to be ready to use as an embedded device for IoT without re-engineering them first… and trust me … there are a lot of people who think like that out there. A lot of software developers are moving to the IoT space not only on the cloud side but on the devices side as well. We should be  worried about that and what the world could be with such devices not being developed from scratch by an engineering team with both hardware and software knowledge thinking about all the concerns related to the environment. These new developers are helped by the “huge” amount of resources they have on devices today (or something similar). These are more like “little” servers … not like devices with a few KB of RAM and Flash. I only hope that all these boards are for a makers’ market or at least used by enterprises for fast prototyping (validating an idea), demos and POCs. It’s also true, at least as far as I’m aware, that current industrial products are not based on Galileo, Edison, Raspberry Pi …. isn’t it? Rich: Maker approach works for new markets like IoT. Serious question. What is the harm you are concerned about? I am sure amateur board makers and teams will put some items on the market with flaws. But honestly, it won’t be the first time I have seen that happen. Even with devices I installed prior to the maker movement. I have boxes of purchased-but-now-dead items I keep thinking I will scavenge a part or two from. Personally, I am thrilled by the maker movement. It revitalizes interest in science and, specifically, electronics. I see it more and more often in the schools, which is fantastic. Our kids see that it is OK to believe they can make gizmos. Heck, it even gets software “veterans” like myself interested in the hardware side of the business. A side that, for a long time, I felt was not approachable since I don’t have an electrical engineering background. I’m just a guy with a degree in marketing with an unrecognized minor in computer science. Another factor to consider is that today's mantra for software development is build fast and fail fast. With maker kits, the same mantra can be adopted for IoT. There are just so many possible uses for IoT, it is hard to know what new idea will stick in the market. Don’t cheap maker kits make it easier for a person or team with an idea give it a try? Paolo: IoT/embedded products need be production grade. Absolutely… the maker movement revitalizes interest and as you said it’s great for schools… it’s fantastic for me… however was the Raspberry Pi born for this reason ? My son is 4 years old, and I’m waiting to start teaching him something using these boards. It’s also true that you can just set up an idea in a short time, validating it before starting the real development The problem is … if it’s done by “professionals” then they know very well that in order to have the final product, they need to move to a solid platform that is not leveraging on the maker board. Even in the past, the “professionals” already knew about starting to develop on evaluation kits but then moving to a re-engineered board for production and not selling the dev kit as a final product. If it’s done by “a non-professional” … it could become the final product! Trust me … this happens today. There is a quite interesting article, “makers and professional”, which explores the way these different figures are related to each other and can work together — over the years, some great ideas were born thanks to makers, but then the actual working product came with professionals. On moving from the idea stage with a fast prototyping and validation step to an engineering phase, the AgileIoT manifesto and related framework are quite interesting. These define how it’s possible to apply Agile methodologies for developing and deploying a complete end-to-end IoT solution. A lot of non-embedded developers are moving into the IoT world … it doesn’t seem so positive  to me because they don’t have the full background for doing this. As I said, they are driven by cheap boards and great tools and languages … but making a device work 365/7/24 is a different thing. I don’t like to think that my self-driving car could be based on a Raspberry Pi with an application developed in Node.js. Of course, it’s a limit … fortunately in some markets … the “things” are taken more seriously and built from production-grade components. Ishu: Don’t forget the things need to be integrated with enterprise systems. I agree with Paolo that the production-quality criteria are essential for mission-critical systems or widely deployed systems. The QA requirement for these systems is much more stringent, but the downside is that it takes a long time to develop, test, and deploy these systems. Once deployed, these systems continue to provide the same functionality they’re designed for for a long, long time, so it’s OK to have a long design cycle. This is similar to how enterprises design and deploy their current systems. In order for IoT devices to be integrated with existing enterprise systems, these devices need to follow the same stringent criteria for deployment, or they’ll put the entire system at risk (being the weakest link). Rich: Fail fast approach allows for a short shelf life. Thanks for the great reply. I thought that was the point you were making but wanted to make sure. It is interesting that you have concerns about “sloppy” hardware that can stem from quick prototyping and result tools available for use. I have similar concerns about software and people who take software microservice ideology to the extreme. I sense there is a rush to produce but not ensure the microservice is efficient, secure, etc. You can get away with “sloppiness” easier with software than hardware. Especially now with microservices that can be deployed to run once with all its inefficiencies, get destroyed, and then a new instance takes its place. Why worry about a runtime that runs in a timespan potentially measured in seconds or less?  I guess the parallel with cheap hardware could be who cares if it only lasts X months/years/etc. A new one is easy and cheap enough to replace it with. But is that a healthy direction? I think you have the same type of question/concern. Paolo: IoT products need to meet stringent industrial-grade criteria. It’s true what you say … that it can happen even in the software-only industry with microservices, for example. When I said 365/7/24 I didn’t mean only problems with a maker board that can’t satisfy the requirements, but the software as well. In the embedded/IoT world, your software enables the device to interact with the surrounding environment; code mistakes can be catastrophic, even in terms of human lives. Regarding the hardware, it’s not so simple to replace it … let’s consider an IoT solution for a tanker in the middle of the ocean. It’s better to have a rugged device that will run for 10 years and avoid having to reach the tanker to substitute the Raspberry Pi every month. Just to be precise and avoid misunderstanding … when I say that maker boards are not so good for real products, I mean the board themselves, but not the modules on them For example, regarding Intel Joule … I don’t think that having the entire board as a final product could be good, but having the Joule module on a re-engineered board could be just the right thing,  … of course, if the module itself is good. Regarding the software, the cheap boards and high-level languages usage allows other “types” of developers to approach the embedded/IoT world … where there are a lot of other concepts not related to the software (hardware protocols for example) … they can make a lot of mistakes, leading to a poor result. Of course, it’s true that there are other good developers who start on this path studying from scratch and improving their knowledge seriously on the hardware perspective. Rich: Fast prototyping with maker and then switching to production with industrial grade. What people do in the makerspace is great … these boards allow them to get in touch with new technologies and that’s awesome! If someone really wants to make a commercial product, I can see using these boards for fast prototyping and demos … before jumping to commercial hardware. Ishu: We’re all saying the same thing. I think we all agreeing that we need to have both approaches as they solve different problems. For areas where the technologies and standards are still evolving, the maker approach would serve the needs better, as the traditional embedded product development takes too long and is not suited for devices that need to be modified frequently. Once a winning solution emerges that is ready for wide deployment, then it can then be hardened using the traditional embedded methodologies that Paolo describes. In addition, these products also need to follow the enterprise best practices for security, management, etc. Conclusion IoT is a huge area with dozens of use cases. We need to have both approaches, as they solve different problems. For production systems, whether mission-critical systems (e.g. system for an oil rig in the middle of the ocean, health care equipment, etc) or widely deployed systems (e.g. RFID card readers), the stringent quality criteria need to be met. This means the IoT solution needs to be built with industrial-grade hardware and software components (e.g. Eurotech ReliaGate 20-26 IoT Gateway). These systems are built right and it takes time to develop, test, and deploy these systems, but they stay in operation for a long, long time. For IoT use cases that are still evolving, the fast prototyping offered by the makers’ style design approach would serve the needs better. These systems are used for development/testing and are repeatedly updated, upgraded, or replaced. The traditional embedded development model is not suited for these use cases where product features, standards, and architectures are still evolving. Once a winning solution emerges that is ready for wide deployment then it can then be hardened using the traditional embedded methodologies. Are you having similar debates with your colleagues? We would love to know what you think. The IoT Zone is brought to you in partnership with GE Digital.  Discover how IoT developers are using Predix to disrupt traditional industrial development models. Topics: industrial internet,internet of things,enterprise iot,intel,maker faire,iot app developers,iot platform,iot platform development Like (5) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} IoT Partner Resources 2016: State of Industrial Internet Application Development GE Digital How Industrial IoT Works GE Digital Hear from the Predix Developer Community GE Digital The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Launches Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Tips iOS 10: Deleting Previous Handwritten Messages iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-17: Goodbye AppleScript, Apple Axes Sal Soghoian ACM 386: Apple Coffee Table Book and Design Run Amok View All Results → Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection View All Reviews → Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple View All Editorials → Don’t Count on Kaby Lake Processors in the New MacBook Pro Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Sep 6th, 2016 6:54 PM EST | With Intel’s Kaby Lake processors shipping and the MacBook Pro woefully overdue for a refresh, Apple could skip over Skylake and roll out new laptops with the latest chips—except that isn’t going to happen. Instead, Apple will most likely retire the aging Haswell chips it currently uses and finally move on to Skylake, and the really significant processor change won’t come until 2018 with Cannonlake. Don’t hold your breath for Kaby Lake MacBook Pro models Intel loves its code names, and considering how many processors the company makes, there are plenty to remember. Only a handful matter to Mac users, and for many the performance differences between a 2011 and 2015 MacBook Pro aren’t that significant. Deciphering Intel’s Code Names Haswell, Skylake, Kaby Lake, and Cannonlake are all code names for Intel chipsets used in desktop and laptop computers. Haswell was introduced in 2013, Skylake followed in 2015, and Kaby Lake just started shipping to device makers. Haswell used a 22nm process, while Skylake and Kaby Lake use a 14nm process, meaning the transistors packed on the chip are smaller. Skylake is an architectural change from Haswell because of its smaller process, and Kaby Lake is an iterative improvement over Skylake with reduced power consumption, better high resolution video, and built-in support for USB 3.1. Where Kaby Lake is a minor refinement of Sky Lake, Cannonlake marks the next significant chipset change because it’ll use a 10nm process. Cannonlake isn’t shipping until 2017, which means it won’t show up in the MacBook Pro until 2018. Apple first started using the Haswell chipsets in 2013 and for many Macs hasn’t moved on. Some dual-core Macs, however, are using Broadwell chips which are Haswell chips made with a 14nm process instead of 22nm. Where’s Skylake? So far, Skylake chipsets are used in the iMac and also the MacBook. We won’t see them show up in the painfully out of date Mac Pro because Intel’s Xeon chips are more appropriate there. Skylake chipsets haven’t found their way into the MacBook Pro yet even though they’ve been shipping for about a year and have been used in the iMac for almost that long. They’re working well in the uber-thin MacBook, but considering they’re already a year old and Kaby Lake chipsets are making their way to manufacturers, it seems logical on the surface for Apple to jump from Haswell to the latest and greatest when it refreshes the MacBook Pro—but that isn’t how Apple rolls. No Kaby Lake for You The next MacBook Pro refresh will include Skylake chipsets and Kaby Lake won’t show up in Apple’s pro laptop line until some time in 2017, if at all. Kaby Lake won’t ship in the quantities Apple needs until next year, and doesn’t offer a significant enough improvement over Skylake to warrant waiting several more months before giving us new laptops. Skylake will give the MacBook Pro CPU upwards of a 20% performance improvement, and around a 40% improvement for the integrated graphics processor. Battery life could be upwards of 30% better, too. Skylake also supports USB-C and Thunderbolt 3, both of which are expected on the new laptop. Apple could wait for Kaby Lake to ship in the volume it needs, but everything it wants in the chipset is already available in Skylake—and Apple can get the quantities it needs right now. Couple that with the last processor upgrade for the MacBook Pro from Ivy Bridge to Haswell in 2013, and it’s time for a big refresh. Based on the leaks so far, the new MacBook Pro will ship this fall with new processors, Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and a touch sensitive OLED display in place of the row of function keys at the top of the built-in keyboard. The OLED display will serve as a dynamic key row showing app-specific functions. The upside is that we’ll see a MacBook Pro refresh soon instead of several months into 2017. The downside is that Apple will be criticized for using year-old processors in new Macs even though the differences between Skylake and Kaby Lake aren’t that significant. Apple could skip Kaby Lake chipsets all together considering how similar they are to Skylake. If so, that’ll give us around 18 months from this fall’s refresh before we see another big change, and instead of Kaby Lake it’ll be Cannonlake. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Intel, Kaby Lake, MacBook Pro, Skylake 6 Comments Add a comment geoduck September 6, 2016 Kaby Lake … doesn’t offer a significant enough improvement over Skylake to warrant waiting several more months before giving us new laptops. The downside is that Apple will be criticized for using year-old processors in new Macs even though the differences between Skylake and Kaby Lake aren’t that significant. Thank you for clarifying. Now I know not to worry about a Skylake processor when they roll out the next generation MBP. They’re a big jump over what I have now (a 2012 Haswell). I’d rather have a 90% now than a perfect Kaby Lake next year…oh just a minute, if I wait a few more months I’ll get the Cannonlake…but if I wait a year more I’ll get the Ice Lake…but if I… I’m looking forward to October when they announce them. September 6, 2016 at 7:19 EST PM jwdsail September 6, 2016 I could be wrong, very wrong, but hasn’t Intel shipped limited quantities of special versions of chips, just for Apple, ahead of volume production.. in the past? I’m thinking the original Intel Core Macs? If the rumors of a possible Apple/Intel partnership to produce future Ax chips is true, perhaps a limited quantity of Kaby Lake chips could be made available as part of those negotiations? Possible? September 6, 2016 at 11:49 EST PM MalibuArt September 7, 2016 The same day other sites reveal the Kaby Lake chips specifically designed for rMBP have already shipped in volume, TMO reports no chance. Any specific intelligence, secret source, anything? Intel supposedly gave Apple a big Christmas present hoping to grab a good portion of future ARM A-series chips on top of their LTE modem deal. The big question is: does Optane (whatever it really is) with its 1000x better SSD performance come with? September 7, 2016 at 2:35 EST AM RBDx3 September 7, 2016 Intel released Kaby Lake to manufacturing in June. It goes on retail sale at the end of this month / beginning of October. The optimizations to Kaby Lake over Skylake are SPECIFICALLY focused around things that benefit mobile devices the most (thinner 14nm die, improved TDP footprint, 4K rendering / encoding and improved battery life over Skylake). Not to mention, vastly improved native, on-board GPU improvements that would also fit perfectly for the upcoming MBP. The only other component that may have contributed to the delay (if one wants to say it’s actually a delay or just right on time) is that the top-end MBP will most likely (99.999% certain) run the latest AMD Polaris GPU for discreet graphics, just as the 2015 rMBP did with the Radeon R9 M370X. Apple will be launching new MBPs in October with Kaby Lake. Just in time for the holidays. That’s why we didn’t see / hear anything today. September 7, 2016 at 6:13 EST PM Adam Christianson September 9, 2016 @MalibuArt and @RBDx3. Yes Intel has shipped both their Y- (previously Core M) and U-series chips to manufacturers, but those are only dual-core models and suitable for ultraportables and convertibles. It might be conceivable that Apple could use those for a Macbook Air update, but I doubt the Air will be updated. The Macbook Pro would use the H-series (quad-core) and iMacs would use the S-Series (also quad-core) chips. These “higher-end” Kaby Lake chips are not going to be available until early 2017, maybe end of 2016 at the earliest. Yes, Apple has received some early access to Intel chips in the past, but that was long ago and it’s already been reported that they have not been rumored to get early access to Kaby Lake. September 9, 2016 at 8:18 EST PM mario.anzaldua@yahoo.com September 14, 2016 If I were running Apple… Ship a new mbp ASAP with Skylake. Include a modestly priced “upgrade” to Kaby Lake when the processor is available. That stops the revenue slide and gives those who have been waiting years for the next refresh a vastly improved machine with the new design, the latest cpu architecture and a path to Kaby Lake when it becomes available. Refresh the mbp in 2017 with Kaby Lake and a few other wants/needs (memory, screen, ssd, etc) before “back-to-school”. Refresh the mbp in 2018 with Cannon Lake and other must haves that are available September 14, 2016 at 4:06 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class John Martellaro | November 17, 2016 Twitter Adds More Controls to Empower Users against Trolls Bryan Chaffin | November 16, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $110.19 +0.24 (0.22%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Launches Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10: Deleting Previous Handwritten Messages iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple 3324 Jeff Gamet analysis 6 1473188072 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) review MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) review By Gary Marshall Laptops and netbooks  The fastest small MacBook Pro yet is a force of nature Shares 1. Introduction and design 2. Specification 3. Performance 4. Verdict Recommended Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict The 2014 13-inch MacBook Pro was arguably Apple's best laptop, and the 2015 model is better still. If your next MacBook needs to be reliable, powerful and practical, the newest MacBook Pro is the only way to go. For Retina Display Faster processor Superb battery life Against Force Touch underdeveloped Unchanged design Base storage feels small The New MacBook has grabbed most of the headlines in recent weeks, but Apple has refreshed some of its MacBook Pros and MacBook Airs too — except for one. While the 15-inch MacBook Pro is waiting for Intel's newest Core i7 processors, the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro has received some changes that make it a significant upgrade. An upgrade to Intel's newest Broadwell CPU, along with a pressure-sensitive Force Touch Trackpad are the most significant of the lot. Recent developments Nearly a year and a half after its initial release, the MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) is finally due for an upgrade. The MacBook Pro 2016 is rumored to be announced at Apple's September 7 event with a hard release shortly thereafter. Apple's new professional-grade laptops will come fully stocked with more powerful 6th-generation Skylake processors, USB 3.1 Gen 2 ports and potentially even TouchID. On the other hand, if you would prefer to stick with your current MacBook Pro setup, support certainly isn't slowing down. At WWDC 2016, Apple revealed macOS Sierra, the Siri-enhanced successor to OS X 10.11 El Capitan of yesteryear. The new operating system will be supported by these systems. The announcement was subsequently followed up by a beta released to the public on July 7, 2016. macOS Sierra comes decorated with a handful of improvements that rethink the way you use your MacBook Pro. The newly open-source Siri, for instance, has been ported over with a few notable differences from its mobile counterpart. Not only will you be able to ask her (or him) the usual questions such as, "What's the weather like?," but now the virtual assistant can help you locate files and manage your disk space in ways that were previously unnecessary or impractical. Other new features you'll soon be able to experience with your year-plus-old MacBook Pro include Universal Clipboard for copying/cutting/pasting across different Apple hardware, unlocking your MacBook Pro using an Apple Watch, improved photo categorization and – finally – Apple Pay. Moreover, MacBook Pro excitement from third-party accessory makers hasn't ceased either. While one company has made multitasking a breeze with a triple-monitor expansion for laptops, another startup is aiming to make your present MacBook Pro configuration more capable using an external graphics solution, a useful tool for trying out the best Mac games. In an attempt to cash-in on the back-to-school season, Apple is finding its own ways to push MacBook sales without the advent of new hardware. With the right credentials, you could save up to 15% on a brand-new MacBook as a student or educator if you buy right now. Sure, Apple will inevitably phase out the MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) at some point, but even then, its legacy will not be forgotten. That's especially the case if you're, for some reason, repulsed by the move to USB Type-C, as we're unlikely to see an alternative to the new interface style on the next MacBook Pro given Apple's recent history with the 12-inch MacBook. Luckily, you may still have a 5K standalone monitor to look forward to even without buying a new Mac. Design On the outside, it's business as usual. The 13-inch Macbook Pro hasn't had a radical redesign, and its shape, dimensions, weight and port configurations are identical to the outgoing model. That means two Thunderbolt 2 ports, a USB 3.0 port, a headphone jack and a MagSafe 2 port on the left, and a second USB 3.0 port, SDXC card slot and HDMI 1.4 port on the right. The screen resolution is 2,560 x 1,600 pixels, but you actually get the screen real-estate of a 1,280 x 800 pixel-resolution display due to the pixel-doubled effect that provides Retina-like sharpness. Apps like SwitchResX allow you to access even higher resolutions than OS X allows, stretching all the way up to 3,360 x 2,100. Text is too tiny to be legible at that setting, but opting for one in-between, such as 1,920 x 1,200, lets you fit much more of spreadsheets and other apps into the display than any of the default screen resolutions at the expensive of clarity. Still, even on the four default resolutions there's plenty of room for even the most screen-intensive pro apps, and OS X Yosemite's divisive design looks much better on Retina displays than it does on lower density screens. It's a shame that Apple hasn't shaved even a millimetre or two off the MacBook Pro with Retina's chassis. The 2013 MacBook Pro with Retina was 25% thinner than its predecessor, and it made a huge difference to that machine's portability and overall appeal. Sure, Apple has outed the new MacBook which will attract the thin-and-light laptop die-hards, but those of us requiring power, ports and all of the rest would have still appreciated a slightly slimmer model. Feel the force The only external change is something you can't see: the way the trackpad works. The MacBook Pro has a new, non-mechanical Force Touch trackpad, which provides tactile feedback and can detect various levels of force. For example, you might press to fast-forward a video and press harder to speed it up more. The new Force Touch trackpad made the new MacBook thinner, but not the MacBook Pro For now, the haptic feedback simply replicates the feeling of clicking a mechanical trackpad (something it does perfectly – you really feel like you're pressing a real button), but over time Apple is likely to find other uses for the pressure sensitive technology. You can adjust the sensitivity of the trackpad and the strength of its feedback in System Preferences, and while you're there you might want to re-enable the three-finger drag; it's switched off by default now. Interestingly, Apple hasn't put its new MacBook keyboard into the Pro models just yet, so you get the familiar chiclet keys with a scissor mechanism underneath. To our fingers they aren't as comfortable as the non-chiclet keyboards in the first Intel MacBook Pros, but maybe we're just being nostalgic. Nevertheless, if you're all about the typing, the MacBook Air is a little more comfortable. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Gary Marshall Contributor Former lion tamer, Girls Aloud backing dancer and habitual liar Gary Marshall (Twitter, Google+) has been writing about tech since 1998, contributing sage advice and odd opinions to .net, MacFormat, Tap! and Official Windows Magazine as well as co-writing stacks of how-to tech books. "My job is to cut through the crap," he says. "And there's a lot of crap." Tags MacBook Pro MacBook Air Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 3 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 4 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 5 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 These 7 PC build fails will make you appreciate your rig even more 2 Apple TV now has one more reason to consider cutting your cable service 3 SNES Mini: What we want to see from a Classic Mini NES successor 4 Want an Amazon Prime membership? Here’s why you should wait until Friday 5 Pokemon Sun and Moon Review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  News Apple turns down an actual genius for Genius Bar job Wednesday 7 September 2016  | Comment Now JK Scheinberg - the man that got Mac OS running on Intel machines - was overlooked for a job in Apple's retail store. If you've ever been to an Apple retail store, you'll have seen the blue-shirted “Geniuses” Apple hires to offer technical support and customer services. I don't put the quotation marks there pejoratively – that's actually what the company insists you refer to them as. So it's something of an irony that Apple missed out on the opportunity to hire one of its company's actual geniuses to man the Genius Bar. JK Scheinberg is famous in Apple history for managing to get Mac OS running on Intel computers. He retired from the company in 2008, but apparently sought work as a Genius in an Apple store as a hobby to keep him busy. As The New York Times reports in a piece on ageism, however, he was overlooked. “A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple Store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. “On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, 'We'll be in touch,' ” he said. “I never heard back.” Of course, The New York Times' inference that he was the subject of age discrimination could be completely wrong. He is more than a little overqualified, and being a good engineer doesn't necessarily make you suited for dealing with less tech-savvy members of the general public on a daily basis. Wonder if Apple will finally give me callback on that genius bar interview https://t.co/9fXt5fBFTU #ageism — JK Scheinberg (@tiltdad) September 5, 2016 Nonetheless, you'd be hard pushed to think of anyone with a better knowledge of the working of Apple products outside of the company. JK's wife, Kim, explained the whole story of how Mac OS came to work on Intel chips thanks to her husband in an answer on Quora. Scheinberg had successfully got Mac OS working on a handful of Intel computers and demonstrated on three PCs at Apple's HQ: “In JK's office, Joe watches in amazement as JK boots up an Intel PC and up on the screen comes the familiar 'Welcome to Macintosh'. Joe pauses, silent for a moment, then says, "I'll be right back." He comes back a few minutes later with Bertrand Serlet.   Max (our 1-year-old) and I were in the office when this happened because I was picking JK up from work. Bertrand walks in, watches the PC boot up, and says to JK, "How long would it take you to get this running on a (Sony) Vaio?" JK replies, "Not long" and Bertrand says, "Two weeks? Three?" JK said more like two *hours*. Three hours, tops. Bertrand tells JK to go to Fry's (the famous West Coast computer chain) and buy the top of the line, most expensive Vaio they have. So off JK, Max and I go to Frys. We return to Apple less than an hour later. By 7:30 that evening, the Vaio is running the Mac OS. [My husband disputes my memory of this and says that Matt Watson bought the Vaio. Maybe Matt will chime in.] The next morning, Steve Jobs is on a plane to Japan to meet with the President of Sony.” You can read the full story at Quora, but suffice it to say Apple has missed its chance to hire a bona fide genius to join its Geniuses. Images: Alper and Wesley Fryer used under Creative Commons This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles First Impressions: Is the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar worth the hype? No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Why Apple’s smart glasses will succeed where Google Glass failed Apple’s fancy new Mac book is $US199 Even Intel wants to kill classic 3.5mm headphone ports, and replace it with ... Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  apple  |  apple retail store  |  apple store genius bar  |  genius bar  |  intel  |  intel computers  |  jk  |  jk scheinberg   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Parrot Disco review: Hands on with the coolest drone of 2016     When it comes to horror in VR, how scary is too scary?     How should we teach our kids to use digital media?     Elon Musk unveils new home battery     Review: Seagate Barracuda Pro blows us away   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Amazon’s new Grand Tour series could be the next illegal download victim << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS MyRepublic: Market disruptor or Dodo redux? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS SpaceX promises internet for all, with a little help from 4,425 satellites << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Streamline your Cloud Storage << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Fujitsu: Work will change beyond recognition by 2021 << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple’s fancy new Mac book is $US199 << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Wi-Fi can imprint passwords and PINs onto radio signals << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Oxford University joins the free online education party << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Facebook and Google launch first strikes against fake news << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The Jaguar I-Pace concept is an electric Tesla Model X killer << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Amazon’s new Grand Tour series could be the next illegal download victim Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature How to: Streamline your Cloud Storage Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Freitag, 18. November | 19:01 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 0:00 | 07.09.2016 XPED Ltd (ASX:XPE) Secures Former Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) IoT Smart Homes Boss as Managing Director Xped Limited (ASX:XPE) (“Xped” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce that it has secured Mr Martin Despain as Managing Director of the company, effective from 19 September 2016, post vacating his tenure at Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Martin was recently General Manager, Smart Homes Division, Internet of Things Group at Intel Corporation head office developing and implementing Intel’s IoT strategy and product offering for the home. Intel’s charter was to transition the industry from the connected home, into the smart home era, by delivering a foundation infrastructure focused on Security, Compute, Connectivity, and Contextual awareness. Based in Santa Clara, Martin oversaw the Smart Home business with responsibility for Engineering, Product Marketing, Operations, Business Development, and Go-to-Market. Martin’s area of expertise includes product management, semiconductors and SoC’s, embedded systems, start-ups, international sales and marketing, strategic partnerships and planning and visionary for the organisation. Prior to his most recent position with Intel, Marty has held various Director Roles within Intel Corporation over the last 11 years, including establishing the product management team and leading the Content and Strategy organization within Intel Media; Martin has also lead several different teams within Intel’s Digital Home Group that developed product offerings for telco/cable and consumer electronics companies such as Sony, Visio and Samsung as well as partnerships with Yahoo, Google, and Microsoft. Martin holds a BA from University of Nevada and a MBA from the Georgia Institute of Technology. Martin Despain brings to the board high level experience in leading and growing startups in the technology sector and with his experience and connections in the industry will be able to provide an opportunity for Xped to grow and realise potential and value for shareholders. The Company has entered into consultancy agreement with Martin Despain under which he has agreed to provide certain consultancy services to the Company and Martin Despain has agreed to be appointed as an executive director of the Company The initial term of the Consultancy Agreement is a period of 2 years which commences effective 19 September 2016. Either party may extend the term for a further 2 years on notice at least 30 days prior to the end of the initial term. A fee of USD$360,000 per annum is payable on account of the provision of the Services including Board fees, plus a USD$80,000 signing bonus (repayable if the consultant terminates for any reason prior to the end of the initial 2 year term) and payment of medical insurance of up to USD$27,000 per annum. The Company has agreed to issue performance shares which will convert into fully paid ordinary shares upon reaching a number of milestones and also to pay cash bonuses upon reaching a number of milestones. Full details are provided in the Schedule 1 attached. Commenting on his appointment Martin Despain said: “Xped has many value added aspects to its technology that can be adopted across multiple industries. There is significant opportunity for Xped in Smart Homes, Smart Building, Healthcare and Aged Care sectors. I am delighted to be joining Xped, and see an enormous potential for Xped to experience significant market success.” To view the full release, please visit: http://abnnewswire.net/lnk/8KO026UH About XPED Ltd: XPED Ltd (ASX:XPE) has developed revolutionary and patent protected technology that allows any consumer, regardless of their technical capability, to connect, monitor and control devices and appliances found in our everyday environment. It’s as simple as two people shaking hands. By enabling the Internet of Things, Xped’s ADRC platform will bring benefit to Manufacturers, Retailers, Service Providers and Consumers. At Xped, we’re Making Technology Human Again. Contact: For Xped Inquiries: Company Secretary T: +61-3-9642-0655 E: info@xped.com www.xped.com Source: XPED Ltd Copyright (C) 2016 ABN Newswire. All rights reserved. Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 18:28 Uhr | 18.11.2016 EZB-Chefvolkswirt: Werden ... 18:21 Uhr | 18.11.2016 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Stellenabbau ... 18:13 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Aktien Europa Schluss: Verluste - ... 18:11 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Mexikos Notenbank: 'Trump ist kein ... 18:10 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Aktien Frankfurt Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
null
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Is Microsoft set to take a bite out of Apple's iMac? Big screen Surface 'Cardinal' all in one desktop PC to be revealed next month Device will come in three screen sizes with a 21, 24 ,or 27 inch screen Will have a 'modern and elegant' design Microsoft hopes to build on the success of its surface tablet range  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:57 EST, 8 September 2016 | Updated: 17:26 EST, 8 September 2016 e-mail 85 shares 15 View comments Microsoft's Surface tablet has become a hit, with users praising its portability and ability to bring a 'real' computer to a touchscreen. Now, Microsoft hopes it can do the same for desktop PCs. The firm is rumoured to be putting the finishing touches to an all in one desktop PC that will be unveiled next month.  Scroll down for video  Microsoft's Surface brand could soon be extended to an all in one desktop PC codenamed Cardinal. According to ZDnet, it will come in three screen sizes, 21, 24 ,or 27 inch and will have a 'modern and elegant' design. According to Mary Jo Folet at ZDnet, the new device is codenamed Cardinal, and will come in three sizes - with a 21, 24 ,or 27 inch screen.  'I've heard that Surface Cardinal could be positioned as a product that can turn your desk into 'a studio',' she wrote. The device is expected to be unveiled at an also rumoured late October event where the firm's tablets could also get an upgrade. According to Windows Central, it will have a 'modern and elegant' design. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'One small step for a man': Study claims Neil Armstrong's... Do YOU fidget at your desk? Bizarre toy with switches,... Large earthquakes can trigger aftershocks on separate faults... Judging books by their covers: New 'brainwashing' technique... Share this article Share 85 shares The device is expected to be unveiled at an also rumoured late October event where the firm's tablets could also get an upgrade. Microsoft also recently revealed it will launch a mixed reality version of Windows next year. The move will bring a 3D holographic version of the platform to Windows 10 users who own a virtual reality headset. Announcing its plans at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco yesterday, Microsoft said user interface will be available to run on mainstream PCs.  Lenovo already makes a 27inch tablet/PC hybrid, called to Yoga 900 HOW WILL IT WORK?  According to Microsoft, the Holographic shell UI for Windows 10 will enable users to put on a headset to navigate their Windows desktop. It will mix 2D apps such as email and calendars - which could be overlaid onto surfaces with augmented reality - with fully immersive 3D apps, such as a virtual reality tour of a location. The exact look and feel will be dependent on the headset used - where an Oculus Rift style VR headset being fully immersive, while a Holoens style headset enabling AR and mixed reality. Users will be able to select applications using a point and click selector, like a Wii controller.  The new Holographic shell desktop UI will enable users to run Windows 10 through a VR headset hooked up to a standard PC, opening up the experience beyond those with high end gaming machines.  Writing in a blog post, Microsoft's executive vice president for Windows, Terry Myerson, said: 'Next year, we will be releasing an update to Windows 10, which will enable mainstream PCs to run the Windows Holographic shell and associated mixed reality and universal Windows applications. 'The Windows Holographic shell enables an entirely new experience for multi-tasking in mixed reality, blending 2D and 3D apps at the same time, while supporting a broad range of 6 degrees of freedom devices.' Microsoft is working with chip-maker Intel on a specification for mixed reality PCs and head mounted displays, in an effort to open up the market and its platform. Microsoft has announced it will launch a new Holographic shell desktop UI for Windows 10, which will enable users to run Windows through a VR headset hooked up to a standard PC A video demonstrates how the interface will look running at 90 frames per second, triple that of most HD televisions. It shows a woman wearing a headset running a mix of 2D and 3D apps as she checks email, books flights, navigates a diary and takes a virtual tour (pictured) 'Our shared goal is to enable our hardware partners to build a broad range of devices for the mainstream consumer and business markets,' wrote Myerson. A promotional video demonstrates how the interface will look, running at 90 frames per second, triple that of most HD televisions. It shows a woman wearing a headset in a virtual room running a mix of 2D and 3D apps as she checks email, books flights, navigates a diary and takes a virtual tour of the Pantheon in Rome. The virtual dog in Windows holographic shell UI bears a close resemblance to Rover, the assistant character which made appearances in earlier Microsoft software Veteran Windows users will also notice the similarity between the virtual dog and Rover, an assistant character in Microsoft's less than successful Bob software and who later made an appearance in Windows XP. According to Microsoft, using a 'six degrees of freedom' headset, the interface can be manipulated using a point and click Wii-type controller. The headset in the video is unbranded (still pictured) but it could well be the Washington tech giant's mixed reality Hololens, or Facebook's Oculus Rift The headset in the video is unbranded but it could well be the Washington tech giant's mixed reality Hololens, or Facebook's Oculus Rift – which is set to launch in the UK next month – and which runs on Windows 10 devices.  While Hololens began shipping to developers in March at $3,000 a piece, but it remains unclear when a consumer version of the headsets could launch. OCULUS RIFT GETS AN OFFICIAL UK LAUNCH DATE The Oculus RIft has been the most talked about tech for years, with the first developers kits sent out in 2012. The latest official news is that the kit will launch in the UK, Europe and Canada on 20 September, with a price tag of £549 or €699. It's already available in the US priced at $599.  A number of outlets are already taking orders for the headset, including John Lewis, Amazon and Game, and the kit will come with platform game Lucky's Tale, along with hundreds of videos and VR movies. Oculus will be rolling out demo experiences at retailers across the UK in the coming weeks, with titles including: The Climb, Henry, Farlands and Oculus Dreamdeck.  Read more: Windows Holographic experience available for mainstream Windows 10 PCs next year | Windows Experience Blog Microsoft begins taking preorders from developers for the HoloLens | Daily Mail Online Windows Holographic Shell Demo - YouTube Microsoft's Surface all-in-one PC said to headline October hardware launch | ZDNet Microsoft is working on Surface All-in-One PC destined for your living room | Windows Central Share or comment on this article e-mail 85 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Best of friends? A polar bear pats a dog just like a human The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... We're not letting EU go! German finance minister warns that... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Father called 911 to report a quadruple murder-suicide after... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards... New super-Earth is discovered nearby: Exoplanet is found orbiting a star 33 light years away - and there... Controversial surgeon behind world's first human HEAD transplant reveals virtual reality system to help... The 'fog catchers' in the Sahara that can make water out of THIN AIR for hundreds of people The 'King of Mars': UFO hunters claim to have found face of an old man wearing a crown on red planet's... Britain to spend £800 MILLION on 26 advanced US Predator drones that can fly for 40 hours non-stop Is Apple's iPhone camera getting a BIG upgrade? Augmented reality could revolutionise maps and photos Chinese tourist town is using facial recognition to allow visitors to enter: System is better than a human... Charge your phone for five hours in FIVE MINUTES: Qualcomm system can power up batteries in record time Now Amazon will even sell you a CAR: Fiat Chrysler teams up with retail giant to sell online at a third of... Can't make the funeral? Catch it online: UK crematorium to live stream services for absent mourners Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't Does YOUR iPhone 6 Plus screen have 'Touch Disease'? Apple is now offering to fix the issue - for a fee Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... MORE HEADLINES Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the international space station as Nasa cuts live feed The North Pole is 36 degrees HOTTER than normal as figures reveal Earth is on track for its warmest year on record Mayan 'nesting doll' pyramid is found in Mexico: 32ft-tall mystery structure is the SECOND to be uncovered inside the Temple of Kukulcan - and there could be more Is alien life EVERYWHERE? Radical theory claims it may have become part of 'the fabric of the universe' Do YOU have bad hair genes? Scientists discover the three mutations that can cause 'uncombable hair syndrome' Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre cosmic radio blasts release an unexplained flash of energy Welcome to Ben Hur's shopping mall: Scientists uncover launderettes, bars, brothels and betting shops at scene of famous Roman chariot race Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards Earth The stunning spherical image that shows a solar eclipse as you've never seen it before Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't EXCLUSIVE: Just in time! Lecturer, 51, claims that Apple Watch saved his life by alerting him to undiagnosed heart condition Boobs or breasts? Translators reveal the challenges of translating the Marquis de Sade’s 120 Days of Sodom Asteroid that killed the dinosaurs may have PUNCTURED the Earth's crust creating 'instant Himalayas' Can YOU outsmart Google's AI? Interactive drawing game tries to guess what you're doodling in 20 seconds Is this the world's YOUNGEST mummy? Scans of what was thought to be a 2,300-year-old hawk reveal it to be a miscarried baby MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B gets 'frustrated' talking about a Spice Girls reunion... and says it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese Prime Minister 810 comments 9 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
All News All Videos Authors All IT Vendors IT Community Professionals Featured IT Vendors All News All Videos Authors All IT Vendors IT Community Professionals Featured IT Vendors Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Internet of Things Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources Citrix Ready Podcasts with Douglas Brown DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Infographics On-Demand Webinars and Webcasts Software Downloads VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 White Papers Events EUC Virtual – Delivering the Digital Workspace with VMwar Your Settings Logout Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books All IT Topics News listed by Products and Solutions News listed by Top IT Topics LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Applications HPC Benchmarks and Applications Performance Study on Broadwell-EP 4S Processor HPC Benchmarks and Applications Performance Study on Broadwell-EP 4S Processor September 8, 2016 Dell 0 38 0   38 more  now viewing HPC Benchmarks and Applications Performance Study on Broadwell-EP 4S Processor September 8, 2016 Dell now playing Unleash the power of parallel computing with the Dell EMC PowerEdge C6320p September 8, 2016 Dell now playing Cisco: How To Avoid New Hyperconvergence Silos? September 8, 2016 Dell now playing VMware: Migrating VMs to vSAN - Virtual Blocks September 8, 2016 Dell now playing Introducing NEW GPU-Powered Amazon Graphics WorkSpaces September 8, 2016 Dell now playing Docker Datacenter adds enterprise orchestration, security policy and refreshed UI September 8, 2016 Dell now playing Nutanix: On-Demand Deployment for your Databases with Oracle VM and Nutanix Enterprise Cloud September 8, 2016 Dell now playing NetApp storage enterprise performance and scalability with Veeam September 8, 2016 Dell now playing SoftNAS Cloud on AWS Video: Configuring HA for Private VPCs September 8, 2016 Dell now playing New VMware KB articles published for week ending 11/12/16 - KB Digest September 8, 2016 Dell now playing New VMware KB articles published for week ending 11/05/16 September 8, 2016 Dell The intent of this blog is to illustrate and analyze the performance obtained on Intel Broadwell-EP 4S processor with the focus on HPC applications, two synthetic benchmarks along with four applications namely, High Performance Linpack (HPL), STREAM, Weather Research and Forecasting (WRF), NAnoscale Molecular Dynamics (NAMD) and Fluent. These runs have been performed on a standalone single server PowerEdge R830. Combinations of System BIOS profiles and Memory Snoop modes are compared for better analysis. The server used for obtaining results is Dell’s PowerEdge 13th generation server. It is a high-performance four-socket, 2U rack server. It supports massive memory density (up to 3TB). The Intel® Xeon® Processor E5-4669 v4 (Product Family E5-4600 v4) is a 14nm die supporting two snoop modes in 4 socket systems – Home Snoop and Cluster on Die (COD). It is based on the micro-architecture code named Broadwell-EX. Default snoop mode being Home Snoop mode. Cluster on Die is available only on processor models having more than 12 cores on Intel’s Broadwell series. In this mode, there is a logical split in the socket into two NUMA domains and are exposed to the operating system. The total number of cores, level 3 Cache is divided equally in the two sliced NUMA domains. Each having one home agent with equal number of cores cache slices in each NUMA domain. The NUMA domain (cores plus home agent) is called a cluster. The COD mode is best suitable for highly NUMA optimized workloads. The STREAM is a synthetic HPC benchmark. It evaluates the sustained memory bandwidth in MB/s by counting only the bytes that the user program requested to be loaded or stored to the memory. The “TRIAD function” score reported by this benchmark is used to analyze the performance of stream bandwidth test.  Operation carried out by TRIAD is –   TRIAD:  a(i) = b(i) + q*c(i) Read the entire article here, HPC Benchmarks and Applications Performance Study on Broadwell-EP 4S Processor via the fine folks at Dell Tweet  Follow @DABCC More Resources: You May Also Like: tags: Clustering Dell PowerEdge Memory Categories: Applications Data Center   38 previous Create a ServiceDesk Plus report for the average number of requests per user, in each department. next Microsoft Video: Intelligent identity protection with Azure AD Dell Dell Inc. listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and services that give them the power to do more. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers Key Considerations for a Performance Monitoring Solution for Your Citrix Infrastructure White Paper Unlike physical desktops where performance issues on a desktop affects one user, performance issues with Citrix technologies impact hundreds to thousands of users. In addition, slowness in tiers that the Citrix admin does not control (i.e. VMware vSphere, storage, network, etc.) can also affect the user experience. Therefore, performance monitoring is one of the most […] read more Opvizor Performance Analyzer: Part 18 – Performance in real time for Amazon Web Services (AWS) Citrix White Papers: Five Signs it’s Time for Mobile Workspace Delivery VMware vSAN 6.5: Licensing Guide – Updated 11/16 Reviewer’s Guide for VMware ThinApp 5.2 – White Paper Updated! Downloads Microsoft Assessment and Planning Toolkit Download Generally, a download manager enables downloading of large files or multiples files in one session.Many web browsers, such as Internet Explorer 9, include a download manager.Stand-alone download managers also are available, including the Microsoft Download Manager. if you do not have a download manager installed, and still want to download the file(s) you’ve chosen, please […] read more Citrix Load & Performance Testing – Download AppLoader! Download AppEnsure Free Application Response Time And Throughput In Virtualized And Cloud Environments Download Turbonomic Operations Manager NEW Containers App Security Beta – Download Available Now! On-Demand Webinars Your guide on how to monitor SharePoint performance with SysKit In this webinar, we took a closer look at one of our latest feature – SharePoint performance monitoring. We divided this webinar into several sections so we could cover the main SysKit segments with an emphasis on how to effortlessly monitor SharePoint performance. Scroll down to the end of this blog for a webinar recording. […] read more SharePoint Performance Monitoring with SysKit – On-Demand Webinar ManageEngine Webinar: Self service analytics for enterprise IT and beyond Atlantis TechJam On-Demand Webinar – USX Community Edition Preview Helping You Move Paper in Any Direction – Citrix Ready On-Demand Webinar with Tricerat View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos What’s new in Veeam Availability Suite 9.5 Doug Hazelman presents an overview of the main features introduced in the new Veeam Availability Suite 9.5, including enterprise scalability enhancements, full integration with Microsoft 2016 Data Center Technologies, Cloud restore for any Veeam backup and much more. Learn more: https://www.veeam.com/data-center-availability-suite.html read more Veeam at NetApp Insight 2016 Berlin – Day 2 Recap Why you should attend VeeamON 2017 – by Rick Vanover Microsoft Video: Azure High Performance Computing View All Videos >> All IT Community News Search for: Logon Simulator for Citrix NEW in VMware EUC! Upcoming Webinars 22 Nov 10 Reasons You Will Love Veeam Availability Suite 9.5 for Windows Server 2016 and Hyper-V - Webinar 1:00pm – 2:00pm Veeam® recently introduced Veeam Availability Suite™ 9.5 with a whole... 29 Nov Live Cerner & Citrix End User Experience Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On the webinar a team of healthcare IT engineers will... 30 Nov Fix Root Cause of High Citrix ICA Latency on HDX Channels 12:30pm – 1:30pm On the free webinar, a Citrix Engineer will hold a... 30 Nov Deep Dive NetScaler MAS, Architecture, Monitoring & Automation, and Integration with Container Orchestration Environments 1:00pm – 2:00pm This webinar will provide an overview of the features and... 01 Dec Troubleshoot & Fix Common Citrix Issues - Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this free live webinar, a Citrix Virtualization Expert show... View all Upcoming Events >> Trending Daily News Veeam at NetApp Insight 2016 Berlin – Day 2 Recap ControlUp Logon Simulator Intro Video! Why you should attend VeeamON 2017 – by Rick Vanover Dell EMC makes Hadoop less complex for customers VMware Announces General Availability of New vSphere, vSAN and vRealize Solutions Microsoft: Combining your Skype account and your Microsoft account. You want to do this! VMware: Next up for Safelite AutoGlass -The Digital Workspace Cisco: How To Avoid New Hyperconvergence Silos? Unleash the power of parallel computing with the Dell EMC PowerEdge C6320p Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! Read 'Top 5 Ways HIPAA Compliant Messaging Improves Your Organization' IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Feeds Close Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Internet of Things Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources Citrix Ready Podcasts with Douglas Brown DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Infographics On-Demand Webinars and Webcasts Software Downloads VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 White Papers Events EUC Virtual – Delivering the Digital Workspace with VMwar Your Settings Logout Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books All IT Topics News listed by Products and Solutions News listed by Top IT Topics LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video https://www.dabcc.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News About Us Contact Us Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition 82° Scattered Clouds Barrigada, GU (96913) Today Partly to mostly cloudy skies with scattered thunderstorms in the morning. High 88F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 81F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: November 19, 2016 @ 2:54 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Place an Ad Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News TPG to buy Intel's McAfee security unit in $4.2 billion deal By Devin Banerjee | Bloomberg Sep 9, 2016 (…) TPG, the alternative-asset manager that oversees $70 billion, agreed to acquire Intel Corp.'s computer-security unit in a deal that values the business at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel had also been talking to other potential suitors, including buyout firms and corporate suitors, people familiar with the matter said last week, naming TPG as a likely bidder. TPG will own 51 percent of the company, known as McAfee, while Intel will have a 49 percent stake in the spin-out, according to a statement Wednesday. The company will be led by Chief Executive Officer Chris Young, currently a senior vice president at Intel and general manager of its security unit. Intel is offloading the anti-virus software unit as part of a strategy to focus on its more profitable data-center business. The Santa Clara, California-based chipmaker acquired McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products. The business had $1.1 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, an 11 percent increase from the same period last year, Intel said in the statement. Operating income more than quadrupled to $182 million. "We have long identified the cyber-security sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyber attacks, as one of the most important areas in technology," Bryan Taylor, a partner at Fort Worth, Texas-based TPG, said in the statement. "We see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly-strategic platform that is growing consistently." TPG, led by co-CEOs Jim Coulter and Jon Winkelried, will invest $1.1 billion in the transaction, valuing McAfee's equity at $2.2 billion, according to the statement. The company has net debt of about $2 billion, which Intel will finance for three to five months after the deal closes. That's expected to happen in the second quarter of 2017. Online Poll Do you think the U.S. should abolish the Electoral College system? You voted: Yes, one citizen's vote should not be worth more or less than another's because of where they live. No, minorities and voters in smaller states will be under-represented. Vote View Results Back Forum Japanese officials cling to Donald Trump's history as a businessman Stephen Stromberg | The Washington Post 52 min ago TOKYO — President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory has left government officials around the world—including here in Japan—scrambling to make sense of the most uncertain moment in U.S. political history since the election of Ronald Reagan, if not before. They have been hanging on every tweet. Read more • Editorials • Featured Columnists • Letters to the Editor Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Multimedia +6 Multimedia Gallery: Pink Ladies Thanksgiving raffle 7 hrs ago (…) +11 Multimedia Gallery: Guam Parole Board convenes Updated 7 hrs ago (…) Multimedia Mother Dawn Marie speaks to media Updated Nov 16, 2016 (…) Multimedia Video Summary Sea Surface Microlayer Cruise Nov 11, 2016 (…) Multimedia Falkor BROLL - Saanich Glassy Nov 11, 2016 (…) The Sunday Post Click the front page of our latest Sunday Post issue below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Kids Post Click the Kids Post issue below to check out the free e-Edition! e-Edition Supplements Click the front page of our latest Special Supplement below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Female Chamorro competitor is World Master Champion, BJJ Gold Standard Man accused of stealing $2 at Harmon game room Beating victim requests delay in parole decision Man reportedly threatens, spits on police Alleged cockfight brawlers appear in court Kid cook introduces Pacific-island cooking, languages to the world Rev and Tax: Leon Guerrero owes $3.2M Woman accused of breaking into hotel rooms Businessman avoids jail after work undercover 'Toxic environment' Images Videos Submit an Ad If you're interested in submitting a classified ad, click here.Submit Online Features Fashion, Beauty & Fitness advertorial Must-Have Accessories for Cold Weather Updated 9 hrs ago Real Estate advertorial DIY projects to increase the resale value of your home. Brandpoint (BPT) Updated 9 hrs ago Home Improvement advertorial Create grand, open living spaces with unique pocket door frames Brandpoint (BPT) Updated 9 hrs ago Real-time Stocks Sections News The Globe Forum Sports Community Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Site Forms Search Contact Information postguam.com 388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301 Tamuning, Guam 96913 Phone: (671) 649-1924 Email: webmaster@postguam.com Follow Us
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close iPhone 7 Models From AT&T and T-Mobile Do Not Support CDMA Networks Thursday September 8, 2016 11:30 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Choosing which iPhone model to purchase this year should be more carefully considered, as both AT&T and T-Mobile models of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus do not support CDMA networks such as Verizon and Sprint in the United States. Apple confirmed the matter in fine print in the iPhone 7 tech specs and on its LTE page. A customer that purchases an iPhone 7 from Apple's website and selects AT&T as their carrier, for example, would be unable to later use the smartphone on Verizon, Sprint, or any other CDMA network, even if the device is unlocked. By comparison, all iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models worked on both GSM and CDMA networks. A customer that purchases an iPhone 7 from Apple's website and selects Verizon as their carrier, on the other hand, would also be able to use the smartphone on AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, or any other GSM or CDMA network. It was previously reported that Apple would switch to Intel modems for select iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models, including AT&T models, and Intel modems do not support the CDMA standard in the United States. That is likely the reason why AT&T and T-Mobile models are limited to GSM networks. Only Verizon and Sprint models support both GSM and CDMA networks The same report said Qualcomm would supply modems for the remaining iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus units, including Verizon and Chinese models, and this appears to be the case. Qualcomm modems support both the GSM and CDMA standard, which explains why the iPhone 7 from Verizon and Sprint will work on all carriers. Qualcomm, which holds patents for WCDMA and CDMA2000 standards, is the main CDMA modem supplier in the United States. The company developed the first CDMA-based cellular base station in 1990, and since then it has licensed its technology to companies like Apple in return for royalty payments. Until this year, Qualcomm was Apple's exclusive supplier of modems for LTE and Wi-Fi connectivity, which explains why the iPhone 6s and previous generations supported both GSM and CDMA networks regardless of carrier. But with Intel entering the mix, choosing which iPhone to purchase is now more meaningful. All iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models supported both GSM and CDMA networks The lack of CDMA support in iPhones with Intel modems may be short lived, fortunately, as Intel acquired CDMA assets from VIA Telecom in 2015. It is believed that this acquisition could pave the way for Intel to release its first LTE modem with both GSM and CDMA support as early as 2017 or 2018. Ultimately, the most obvious choice should be to purchase a Verizon or Sprint model, even if you are an AT&T or T-Mobile customer, especially when considering resale value. However, some customers may have difficulty purchasing from another carrier, depending on their current status with their existing carrier. Apple should also release an unlocked SIM-free model in the U.S., likely based on the Verizon/Sprint model, in a few weeks based on past launches. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 Tags: Intel, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon, Qualcomm [ 423 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) ssl0408 10 weeks ago This is such crap. Just release one damn phone for all the carriers and stop going back and forth on it. Rating: 32 Votes garirry 10 weeks ago CDMA should no longer exist. It's literally one of the oldest technologies ever, yet companies like Verizon still use them? So goddamn evil. Rating: 27 Votes WeemanWise 10 weeks ago Well that seems like a step backwards, they should have just not used Intel yet. They need to just release one model that has everything for all regions. No more of this carrier/region specific capabilities or features. Just one phone to rule them all. Rating: 11 Votes MacBird 10 weeks ago Will the unlocked phones that Apple sells through the annual upgrade program support both standards? Rating: 7 Votes RedOrchestra 10 weeks ago Glad we don't have this "trickery" in Canada - here, one size fits all. Rating: 6 Votes BruiserB 10 weeks ago Agreed, the obvious choice should be the Verizon or Sprint model so it could be used in any CDMA/GSM network, IF those Verizon or Sprint models are unlocked. Do you know if those come unlocked? i.e. I buy the Verizon or Sprint model and right away in put my T-Mobile chip, will it work? All Verizon phones with LTE are ALWAYS unlocked. It's the safest choice. You may not be able to order online, but go to the Apple Store on launch day and ask for Verizon "Device Only" and you'll get what you want. And yes, it will work straight away just by putting in your T-mobile SIM. Rating: 6 Votes avanpelt 10 weeks ago Really, it's asinine that they're still making different iPhone models that each support unique cellular bands. This is 2016, not 2006. You'd think we would be moving toward having one iPhone that works seamlessly across all carriers around the globe by now. They seemed to be moving toward that direction with the 6 and 6s, and now they're going back the other way. Rating: 6 Votes 1paine1 10 weeks ago CDMA should no longer exist. It's literally one of the oldest technologies ever, yet companies like Verizon still use them? So goddamn evil. CDMA is the reason you have good coverage in rural areas and inside buildings. Old yes, outdated only in Europe! WTF Apple? Rating: 5 Votes randymac09 10 weeks ago Thanks, Macrumors! I was curious which phone to get because I'm going to be switching from Verizon to AT&T after I receive this phone. I appreciate the info. Rating: 5 Votes vjl323 10 weeks ago For those complaining that CDMA needs to go - where I live, CDMA is the *only* game in town. AT&T promised in 2008 that they were 3 months away from giving my area access to GSM. Nope. 8 years later, and my AT&T iPhones and iPads display "No Service". It's a 15 minute drive to get any GSM signal here in rural NC. Yes, in the "bigger" cities like Asheville, you get GSM and CDMA. But this area is quite large here, and the only company that offers any kind of signal what so ever, is Verizon's CDMA network. And there are holes in their coverage too. Driving to Greenville, SC, there is a 25 minute part of the commute that I have neither Verizon nor AT&T signal. CDMA is not dead yet; even if it should be. Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories First HomeKit-Enabled 'Smart Home Packages' Open to Homebuyers in San Jose 27 minutes ago on iOS Blog Homebuilding company KB Home today announced "the nation's first HomeKit-enabled community," which comes with the opportunity for buyers to build homes with Apple's HomeKit platform... 1 comments iHome Launching First Clock Radio That Can Charge Both an iPhone and Apple Watch 53 minutes ago on iOS Blog iHome has announced it will soon release the iPLWBT5, the first alarm clock radio featuring both Lightning and Apple Watch chargers. Audio can be played via the docked Lightning device,... 11 comments iPhone 7 Plus Stock Expected to Remain Tight Through Holiday Shopping Season 3 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple is unlikely to reach iPhone 7 supply and demand equilibrium by the end of the December quarter, suggesting stock will remain tight through the holiday shopping season, according to Piper... 24 comments Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs 4 hours ago on Mac Blog iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only... 56 comments Apple Hires Former WSJ Reporter as Public Relations Director in China 5 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple has hired a former reporter and columnist for The Wall Street Journal, Wei Gu, to its public relations department in Shanghai, China. Gu's role, per LinkedIn (via TechCrunch) will be PR... 6 comments New Subscription Service 'Setapp' Will Offer 40+ Popular Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month 21 hours ago on Mac Blog Setapp, an upcoming subscription service from MacPaw, aims to offer a Mac App Store alternative and change the way customers obtain software for their Macs. Setapp will make 40+ popular Mac apps... 50 comments Swift Playgrounds Updated With New Coding Lessons, Hour of Code Challenge 23 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's Swift Playgrounds app received its first update today, introducing a new set of coding lessons and a few new features to enhance the coding experience. Included in the update is the... 16 comments Workflow for iOS Updated With Improved Gallery That Makes it Easier Than Ever to Automate Tasks 1 day ago on iOS Blog Popular automation app Workflow is being updated today with a new design, a much-improved Gallery experience, and a streamlined on-boarding process, all of which help to make the app more powerful... 16 comments • PlayStation Vue Now Available on Apple TV (81) • Twitter App Introduces Rich Notifications Support in iOS 10 (10) • Next Year's Dual-Camera iPhones Will Have Dual Optical Image Stabilization (26) • Privacy-Enabled Web Browser 'Firefox Focus' Launches on App Store With Automatic Ad Blocking (39) • Russian Authorities Order Internet Providers to Block LinkedIn Website (16) • Apple Explores Potential Chat Interactions With Siri in Messages Threads (14) • Facebook Halts Collection of WhatsApp User Data Across Europe (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Terrific 'Tennis Champs Returns' Is Finally Available on Android 'WWE SuperCard' Season 3 Update Now Available 'Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links' Has Soft Launched in Australia and Japan, With a Worldwide Release Scheduled for 2017 Cute Wall-Jumping Platformer 'Nekosan' by 1Button Updated with World B Upcoming 'Movie Studio Empire' Wants Your Movie Ideas We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Fri, Sep 09, 2016 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Intel Corp to spin off cybersecurity operation McAfee AFP, WASHINGTON US tech giant Intel Corp on Wednesday announced plans to spin off its cybersecurity operations as an independent company under the name McAfee. The move comes six years after Intel announced the acquisition of McAfee, one of the leading antivirus software companies at the time. An Intel statement said the spinoff would be made with the investment group TPG, which would own 51 percent of McAfee, leaving Intel with 49 percent and valuing the group at US$4.2 billion. Intel chief executive officer Brian Krzanich said in a statement that “security remains important in everything we do at Intel and going forward we will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” The new group would be one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity companies, and frees Intel to focus on new priorities such as wearables and other connected devices. “We believe that McAfee will thrive as an independent company. With TPG’s investment, along with continued support from Intel, McAfee will sharpen its focus and become even more agile in its response to today’s rapidly evolving security sector,” TPG co-founder and co-chief executive officer Jim Coulter said. Chris Young, who heads the unit, is to be the CEO of the new company. Intel announced the US$7.68 billion deal for McAfee in 2010 and closed the deal in 2011. The group is no longer affiliated with founder John McAfee, who was a fugitive from authorities in Central America and more recently made a run for the US presidency. This story has been viewed 1350 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-12 to 2016-11-19 Most read Most e-mailed 1 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 2 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 3 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 4 Chinese culture society snubs Tsai leadership 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 4 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Servers   /   IBM Power8 Server Comes With Nvidia's NVLink Interconnect       IBM Power8 Server Comes With Nvidia's NVLink Interconnect     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-09-08 Print               Putting Nvidia's technology into the IBM system will speed up performance for such emerging workloads as AI, deep learning and data analytics. IBM officials are rolling out a new Power server that they say is more powerful and efficient than competing Intel-based systems when running such compute-intensive workloads, such as artificial intelligence, deep learning and data analytics. The new Power System S822LC is the latest server in the company's Linux server portfolio and features innovations developed through the IBM-led OpenPower Foundation. The system runs on revamped Power8 chips and will give organizations an alternative to servers powered by Intel's x86-based Xeon processors, according to IBM officials. The key innovation with the S822LC is new interconnect technology from Nvidia embedded in the Power8 chip that officials said will enable data to flow between the CPU and graphics chips five times faster than in x86-servers. The system embeds Nvidia's NVLink high-speed interconnect technology into the silicon to connect the Power8 chips with Nvidia's new Tesla P100 Pascal GPU accelerators. The result is that the S882LC can run data-intensive workloads significantly faster than x86 systems, and fewer systems are needed in the data center. According to Dylan Boday, an IBM Power engineer, Chinese internet service provider Tencent has been testing the new Power8 systems and finding that workloads run three times faster and that it can reduce the number of servers in its data centers by two-thirds. NVLink is a critical part of the S822LC system, Boday told eWEEK. The link communication between the CPU and GPU has always been a choke point in servers that use accelerators, he said. With NVLink, "that no longer is a bottleneck." Also on Sept. 8, IBM officials introduced two other Power8 Linux servers—the S821LC and S822LC for big data—that also take advantage of Nvidia GPU accelerators, though they don't use the NVLink technology. Instead, the Tesla K80 GPUs are attached via PCIe. In addition, users can employ IBM's PowerAccel Coherent Acceleration Processor Interface (CAPI) as a high-speed interconnect with field-programmable gate array (FPGA) accelerators. IBM sold its x86 server business in 2014 to Lenovo for $2.1 billion in an effort to put more resources into its Power architecture. Intel chips run in more than 90 percent of all servers worldwide, and analysts have said that businesses are looking for other silicon options to help drive innovation, fuel competition and keep chip prices down. IBM and ARM are pushing to become that alternative. Over the past couple of years, IBM officials have pushed to grow the capabilities of open technologies on the Power architecture. That includes expanding support for Linux and leveraging partnerships through the OpenPower Foundation, which was launched to enable other vendors to develop products and technologies off the architecture and to accelerate innovation. "It's is a collaborative environment—a lot of groups are innovating around Power," Boday said, adding that the old model of individual vendors creating all the new features for an architecture no longer makes sense. "With today's rate of change of technology, that is no longer a viable means for addressing those changes."   Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST SERVERS ARTICLES   Cray, SGI Awarded $52 Million in Federal Supercomputer Contracts IBM, OpenPower Foundation Make Push into Europe GPU's Role in Artificial Intelligence Advances Featured at Conference EMC Shows Its Data Center Strength at Inaugural Dell EMC Conference Dell EMC Brings PowerEdge Servers to VxRail, VxRack                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Close Dangers of dietary supplements stressed as high schools begin football workouts - Brownsville Herald: Local News Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 83° Scattered Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Registration still open for Turkey Trot The 34th annual Turkey Trot Run For Your Heart takes place Saturday, and there’s still time to register for the event if you haven’t done so already. Posted: November 17 rss Texas News Texas unemployment for October down slightly to 4.7 percent Police: Son of Rep. John Conyers found safe in Houston Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Morning' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Morning' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Morning' game TX Lottery Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Judge handling Sandusky's appeal removes himself from case AP Updated HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — The judge who has presided over Jerry Sandusky's criminal case for five years is removing himself from the former Penn State assistant coach's appeal. Updated: 11:15 am General News, Sports, Legal Proceedings More From The Latest Boxer Vinny Paz says Hollywood biopic made him cry Mourinho demands respect as he resumes rivalry with Wenger NY state college QB runs down, tackles purse snatcher Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Local News Dangers of dietary supplements stressed as high schools begin football workouts Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Monday, August 5, 2002 12:00 am Dangers of dietary supplements stressed as high schools begin football workouts By LAURA B. MARTINEZ Valley Morning Star HARLINGEN With high school football workouts set to begin today, health officials are urging athletes to be aware of the dangers that can come with the use of over-the-counter dietary supplements that contain ephedrine. Health officials said many athletes use the supplements as a way to boost their performance. However, use of products that contain ephedrine, also known as Ma-huang, which is marketed as an energizer, can cause seizures, strokes and possibly death. The concern is that it can overstimulate the heart, said Dr. George Rodgers, an Austin cardiologist, that it can cause your heart to race too much, cause your blood pressure to go up things like that. Rodgers is acting president and governor of the Texas chapter of the American College of Cardiology, which issued the alert. Ephedra or ephedrine is a powerful stimulant that increases metabolism, which in turn helps to burn fat. It comes from an herb called Ma-haung. It is found in dietary supplements such as Twinlab Ripped Fuel, Stacker, Metabolite and Metabolife. It is also used in bodybuilding supplements such as American Body Building Ribbed Force and Muscletech Hydroxycut. And although state law prohibits the product from being purchased and used by anyone 18 years or younger, doctors fear that some athletes are getting their hands on it to improve their performance. Its pretty easy for teen-agers to buy it. I think that is very loosely enforced, Rogers said. The kids that are taking it dont have any idea on how much is safe. I think a lot of them feel like, Well, if one tablet is good, then certainly three or four could be better. The National Football League has banned ephedrine. An NFL player found using ephedrine faces a four-game suspension during the 2002 football season. The NFL began random drug testing of its athletes in July. The National College Athletic Association also bans the supplement. Although the stimulant was found in the system of Northwestern football player Rashidi Wheeler, officials did not believe it contributed to his death in August 2001. Wheeler collapsed on the on the field during what was referred to as a grueling workout. Nevertheless, physicians believe parents need to be aware of any stimulants that their children may be taking. Parents need to be informed about it as well because it looks fairly harmless, Rodgers said. It claims to be a dietary supplement, an herbal preparation. It can be deceptive. Kim Rogers, public information officer for the University Interscholastic League in Austin, said there is no UIL rule that bans the use of over-the-counter dietary supplements. She said any ban on the use of the supplements is up to each school district. Robert Cortez, athletic director for the San Benito school district, said coaches talk to the students about the dangers of taking supplements and steroids. He said that although the students are prohibited from taking the supplements or drugs on campus, the coaches have no control over what the students do out of school. They dont think they are going to die from things like this (ephedrine). They feel, Well, it wont happen to me. We try and expose them to what can happen. Its like playing Russian roulette, Cortez said. You are taking something that may just speed up your heart if youre playing football, basketball or whatever sport youre in and because of what you are doing and the speed of your action, its going to create problems with your heart and you could have a heart attack. Lee Rodriguez, an athletic trainer at Harlingen High School, said the Harlingen school districts main concern is the information teenagers are getting from the general public that takes ephedrine. I dont know if they have personal trainers, or if they have a lot of club organizations or people in the population that are taking this and advising them to take this without fully understanding the hazards that they cause, Rodriguez said. Like San Benito, Harlingen athletes are prohibited from taking dietary supplements and steroids while on campus. We do not encourage it. We actually deter them from taking anything unnatural, Rodriguez said. We make them aware of the side effects and what may happen. Reports show that more than 70 percent of college athletes and 50 percent of high school athletes take some type of supplement to increase performance, but officials worry that the numbers could be higher. If youve taken too much of it and youre dehydrated from sweating so much in the hot Texas sun and you are doing some very rigorous physical activity, that can be a formula for problems, Rodgers said. And although the product has been implicated in a few fatalities, Rodgers said that is something rare. However, he added, If you combine all those things and have somebody for one reason or another vulnerable from a heart perspective that can just tip them over. Citing a study by the New England Journal of Medicine, the Associated Press reported that at least 54 deaths and 1,000 reports of complications have been linked to ephedrine since the mid-1990s. Although the Ephedra Education Council agrees that the product should not be used by anyone under the age of 18, it disagrees with the claims that the product is unsafe. The council said that, if used correctly, the product is safe. The EEC said conservative estimates show that more than 3 billion servings of ephedrine are consumed a year and with the consumption on the rise, the number of possible adverse affects remain low. But regardless of the EEC stance, physicians believe teen-agers should stay away from supplements that contain the herb. My suggestion would be not to use it. It is not going to give them what they want, Rodgers said. It is not going to really, truly improve their performance. It really doesnt replace being in good shape and exercising. Discuss Print Posted in Local News on Monday, August 5, 2002 12:00 am. Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Harlingen student killed in school bus accident enroute to field trip Body of teen killed in school bus incident returned to Harlingen Harlingen boy dies during field trip bus incident In pep talk, Clinton urges backers to 'never, ever give up' Newest BISD trustees react to election More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Office & Warehouse Rentals- Starting @ $700/Mo. & up $700 Updated: 5:00 am Donna 2 Bdrm. 1 Bath Apt. Stove, Refrig., $435/Mo. Central $435 Updated: November 16 WESLACO Efficiency Apt. Stove & Refrig., Utilities Incl. $475 a $475 Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2014 Cruze 58k mi $5,900 2012 Chrysler 200 52k mi Updated: 5:00 am 1996 BMW 3181C White w/black ragtop, leather, clean, new tires $2,500 Updated: November 08 2007 Yukon XL Denali 95K Mi., 6.2 Eng., 1 owner $20 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Intel Challenge for innovators Our Bureau   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Intel India and Department of Science and Technology have announced the Innovate for Digital India Challenge 2.0. Being taken up in association with MyGov, Union Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeITY), and T-Hub Foundation, the Challenge aims at tapping grassroots innovation in solving the problems that people face. Intel has asked the young innovators to develop prototypes of their digital products and solutions on Intel Architecture. The Challenge will be organised in five phases, with the grand finale taking place in April 2017. Short-listed teams will be eligible to receive ₹3 lakh grant each to create minimum-viable products in an accelerator programme at the T-Hub incubator in Hyderabad. (This article was published on September 8, 2016) Related TOPICS economy, business and finance | events | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Demonetisation: How Infoscions are coping with change Need to bring romance back into research: Shibulal DataWind launches manufacturing facility in Hyderabad TCS sets December 13 date to eject Mistry as Director Out of the box, Oracle’s smart city services solution Reliance Industries, GE tie up for industrial IOT Beware of unsecured mobile wallets, e-money! Infibeam net profit zooms on strong service, product revenues Analytics, artificial intelligence are going to change your biz: CA Tech's Otto Berkes Smartphones are better instruments than plastic cards, says Bill Gates LATEST NEWS India, UK sign 3 advance pricing agreements 51 min. ago Safilo Group looks to make eyewear affordable in markets like India, Brazil 1 hr. 12 min. ago UK calls to strengthen partnership with India in higher education 1 hr. 13 min. ago DataWind readies ₹20, ₹100 data plans 1 hr. 21 min. ago Indian auto after-market poised for double-digit growth curve 1 hr. 34 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech DataWind readies ₹20, ₹100 data plans Awaits decision on licences to start Virtual Network operations » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products GOST (Kuznyechik Cipher) Core DisplayPort 1.4 Receiver PHY in TSMC 28nm HPM/C Lightweight H.264/AVC and H.265/HEVC Encoder VESA DSC 1.2 Video Encoder News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? Thursday Nov. 17, 2016 eMemory's NeoFuse IP Verified in TSMC 10nm FinFET Process Wednesday Nov. 16, 2016 Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Tuesday Nov. 15, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs Achronix Aspires to Make Embedded FPGA IP Mainstream Inside DSP - BDTi How to Address the Top 7 JEDEC-UFS Stack Verification Challenges Using Test Suites VIP Experts Blog - Synopsys ARM's trillion IoT chips need vision videantis Blog - Marco Jacobs Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Intel Spins out Security Group Rick Merritt 9/7/2016 07:30 PM EDT SAN JOSE, Calif. – Intel Corp. will sell 51% of its security group to a private equity company for $3.1 billion in cash, spinning it off as an independent company to be called McAfee. Under former chief executive Paul Otellini, the x86 giant bought McAfee in 2010 for $7.68 billion. Intel will retain 49% ownership of the new company in a transaction valuing the business at $4.2 billion. In a written statement, Intel called the new company “one of the world’s largest cybersecurity companies.” Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page     Contact Intel Fill out this form for contacting a Intel representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Xilinx Addresses Rigorous Security Demands at Fifth Annual Working Group for Broad Range of Applications Imagination rolls out new 'Heterogeneous Inside & Out' MIPS CPU Imagination and Intrinsic-ID collaborate on solutions for scalable, flexible and affordable IoT hardware security Intel Security Expands Partner Ecosystem Imagination rolls out complete Ensigma connectivity IP solutions from baseband to RF   See Intel Latest News >> Breaking News MPEG LA Releases MPEG-DASH Patent Portfolio License Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? Qualcomm and Samsung Collaborate on 10nm Process Technology For the Latest Snapdragon 835 Mobile Processor CEVA and NextG-Com Partner to offer Integrated LTE Cat-M1 and Cat-NB1 Solutions for Cost-Sensitive IoT applications Mobiveil to Target Its Universal NOR Flash Controller (U-NFC) to Support Adesto Technologies New eXecute-in-Place Non-volatile Memory (NVM) EcoXiP Chip   See Latest News >> Most Popular Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? ST's Bozotti on 'back-to-silicon' differentiation Inomize and Verisense to Merge Five Top-20 Semiconductor Suppliers to Show Double-Digit Gains in 2016 Mentor Graphics Signs Agreement with ARM to Accelerate Early Hardware/Software Development   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Nvidia Linux Ibm Data Centre IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world NVLink, big bandwidth, but is it enough? A killer box 8 Sep 2016 at 14:04, Dan Olds, OrionX Dan Olds, OrionX Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles Boffins of the future gear up to build their own beastmode rigs OpenStack brings cloud at the press of a button This week's biggest shock: The race to 200Gbps has been won HPC Blog IBM is mounting its strongest challenge yet to x86 hegemony with the unveiling of its spanking new Linux based S822LC system. What makes this system different is that it’s based on a new processor/motherboard configuration, complete with a sporty NVIDIA NVLink connector. According to my research, close to half of you HPC users have a significant number of applications that are starved for more memory bandwidth. If this describes you, then you might want to take a look at this new IBM box – it has more memory bandwidth than anything else out there. How much more? Well, the basic Power 8 system has up to 230GB/s of memory bandwidth vs. 102GB/s for Intel’s latest and greatest processors. That’s a pretty good advantage right there, but IBM, with the help of its OpenPOWER buddy NVIDIA, has upped the ante by building NVLink into this new server. NVLink is a GPU connector (pictured above) that provides a very fast interconnect that can connect GPUs to GPUs, and GPUs to CPUs. It’s plenty speedy at 80 GB/s, particularly when compared to current PCIe 3.0 speeds of 32GB/s. NVLink also gives GPUs direct access to server memory, which serves to flatten the programming model and further reduce latency. Each S822LC contains four NVLink ports (close-up pictured above) supporting up to four Pascal GPUs. The other two systems announced today include the S822LC for Big Data, a storage optimized 2U two socket box that has space for up to 16 drives (96TB total), two NVIDIA K80s, and 512GB main memory. The other system is a highly dense 1U system that offers up to two processors (20 cores total), 32 TB of storage, and 512GB memory. According to IBM, this system can deliver almost 7,000 threads in a single rack, which is, again according to them, 80 per cent more than HPE’s DL360 system. Either way, that’s a lot of threads. All of these boxes can only run Linux operating systems and workloads. Their Linux ecosystem is growing at a good pace with more than 2,500 Linux ISVs developing for Power and more than 100,000 open source Linux packages optimized for Power 8. Their rebel alliance, the OpenPOWER Foundation, now boasts more than 250 members, which is quite a bit larger than the original five founding members (IBM, Google, Tyan, NVIDIA, and Mellanox). IBM has also signaled that it's going to be much more aggressive in the future when it comes to taking on Intel and its x86 partners. In an analyst briefing, it pledged to beat any x86 system on a TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) and, if I heard correctly, also on a TCA (Total Cost of Acquisition) basis. That’s a big deal for Big Blue, which has never been known for bargain basement gear pricing. I would look for IBM to follow through on their aggressive rhetoric; they need Power to become a breakthrough product in order to remain relevant as a system house. Given the specs of the new HPC box, I think they can compete and win against x86 in a lot of application areas. It’ll be good to have an old fashioned server war again, don’t you think? ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 61 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Speaking in Tech: The votes are in – and the Podcast Idol winner is... Forget razors and blades, APIs are the new gotcha Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency HPE and SimpliVity may be at church door Speaking in Tech: Let's make podcasting great again Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe TPG to Buy Intel’s McAfee Security Unit in $4.2 Billion Deal Devin Banerjee devinbanerjee September 7, 2016 — 4:23 PM EDT Updated on September 7, 2016 — 6:29 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Why Is Intel Spinning Out McAfee Security Unit? Intel selling business as chipmaker focuses on data centers Buyout firm TPG to invest $1.1 billion for 51% equity stake Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp TPG, the alternative-asset manager that oversees $70 billion, agreed to acquire a majority stake in Intel Corp.’s computer-security unit in a deal that values the business at $4.2 billion including debt. TPG will own 51 percent of the company, known as McAfee, while Intel will have a 49 percent stake in the spin-out, according to a statement Wednesday. The company will be led by Chief Executive Officer Chris Young, currently a senior vice president at Intel and general manager of its security unit. Intel is offloading the anti-virus software unit as part of a strategy to focus on its more profitable data-center business. The Santa Clara, California-based chipmaker acquired McAfee in 2011 for $7.7 billion to build security features directly into its silicon products. The business had $1.1 billion in revenue in the first half of 2016, an 11 percent increase from the same period last year, Intel said in the statement. Operating income more than quadrupled to $182 million. Intel had also been talking to other potential suitors, including buyout firms and corporate suitors, people familiar with the matter said last week, naming TPG as a likely bidder. “We have long identified the cyber-security sector, which has experienced strong growth due to the increasing volume and severity of cyber attacks, as one of the most important areas in technology,” Bryan Taylor, a partner at TPG, which has its main offices in San Francisco and Fort Worth, Texas, said in the statement. “We see a compelling opportunity to invest in a highly strategic platform that is growing consistently.” Equity Investment Watch Next: John McAfee: Our New Products Catch Hackers in Seconds John McAfee: Our New Products Catch Hackers in Seconds TPG, led by co-CEOs Jim Coulter and Jon Winkelried, will invest $1.1 billion in the transaction, valuing McAfee’s equity at $2.2 billion, according to the statement. The company has net debt of about $2 billion, which Intel will finance for three to five months after the deal is completed. The companies expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of 2017. After acquiring McAfee, Intel struggled to grow the unit and integrate it with its bread-and-butter chips business. Some private equity firms that spoke with Intel about potentially acquiring the division were wary about its growth rate and their ability to cut costs further than Intel had, the people with knowledge of the discussions said last week. The security business was started by John McAfee in 1987 and has sold anti-virus software to companies and individuals. It was renamed Intel Security in 2014. John McAfee is suing Intel for the right to use his name in his new ventures. He leads MGT Capital Investments Inc., which he wants to rename John McAfee Global Technologies Inc. “Intel should wait to see whether they have any right to use my name,” McAfee said in a text message Wednesday after the deal with TPG was announced. TPG will make the investment from its TPG Partners VII fund, which finished gathering $10.5 billion in May. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Tech Intel Corp John D McAfee Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Be Quiet sneaks out a new processor cooler ideal… Be Quiet sneaks out a new processor cooler ideal for Mini-ITX desktop setups By Kevin Parrish — September 6, 2016 1:20 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends If you’re looking for a quiet and compact cooling solution for your Intel or AMD processor, desktop accessory manufacturer Be Quiet has introduced the Pure Rock Slim fan-based processor cooler meant for PC cases with very little extra space. It features an “asymmetrical and compact” form factor so you can get great CPU cooling in those tight Mini-ITX cases. The company’s new CPU cooler features a base with three 6mm copper heat pipes packing aluminum caps that extend up into a tower of aluminum cooling fins. These pipes are what carry the 120W of heat away from the processor and into the fins, which in turn disperses the heat. On one side of this tower is a seven-blade 92mm fan with a high-quality sleeve bearing to cool off those heated fins. Related: Origami-inspired case depth checker takes the guesswork out of CPU cooler installation According to the company, this fan provides the best balance between silent operation and cooling performance. The fan blades themselves are “airflow-optimized” so that turbulence is reduced, which in turn reduces the noise level. Even when the fan is running at 100 percent, the company says that the fan only produces around 25.4dB(A) of noise, keeping your compact rig somewhat quiet … at least in the CPU department. The specifications show that the new Pure Rock Slim measures 81.8 by 97 by 124.8 millimeters, making it roughly 5 inches tall from the bottom of the base to the top of the tower. There are actually 33 fins stuffed into the tower, and the CPU contact surface is CNC-machined, meaning the base was created by machine tools accurately controlled by computers. The specifications also show that the fan has a rotation per minute rate of up to 2,000, a 4-pole fan motor, and a lifespan on 80,000 hours. The power cable has a 4-pin PWM connector and extends 220mm. Additionally, the thermal grease is already applied out-of-the-box, and the cooler package comes with a backplate mounting set for Intel and AMD processors. That said, here’s a list of compatible processor sockets: Intel: 150 / 1151 / 1155 / 1156 AMD: AM2 (+) / AM3 (+) / FM1 / FM2 (+) Be Quiet points out that when customers install the Pure Rock Slim cooler into their compact configuration, they should have enough room to fill up their RAM memory banks with standard-sized memory sticks sporting their own heatsinks. The cooler also doesn’t get in the way of the motherboard’s voltage regulator module (VRM) heatsink, as the fin tower is raised up from the base with lots of space in-between thanks to the sturdy support provided by the three copper heatpipes. The new Pure Rock Slim from Be Quiet costs a mere $25, and can be purchased online from Amazon, Newegg, NCIX US, and Performance PCs. Also watch: Asus ROG GX700 Hands On Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Devops DevOps HashiCorp pulls in $24m to build out DevOps infrastructure portfolio Cash comes AFTER senior appointments for a change... 8 Sep 2016 at 13:03, Joe Fay Joe Fay Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Devops, Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles CA blows on fingers, grasps testing vendor BlazeMeter Building IoT call for papers: What have YOU done with the internet of things? Naked, drunken Swede assaults chicken shed after 60th birthday HashiCorp has pulled in $24m in funding, which should give its founders carte blanche to crack open an extra bottle or two at its user conference in Napa, California this week. The DevOps infrastructure outfit has a slightly dizzying portfolio of seven open source tools and parallel “enterprise versions spanning runtime, security and infrastructure management. Actually, there were eight tools, but Otto, “a single solution to develop and deploy any application” got it in the head in August. The firm said the series B cash injection brings its total funding to $24m, and comes after hitting its “first seven figure revenue quarter after only nine months of enterprise sales.” Which would be just around the same time it appointed Paul Moblad as senior director of enterprise sales. The cash influx was announced shortly after a flurry of other senior appointments at the four year old firm. It appointed GitHub and Hortonworks veteran Dave McJannet as CEO in August. Founders Mitchell Hashimoto and Armon Dadgar became joint CTOs. In July it appointed Jon Currey as director of research. In June, it absorbed tools developer Vektra. In between squeezing in all those extra bodies, it also managed to squeeze out the enterprise version of its Vault product for DevOps security. The enterprise version adds: a UI for managing “secrets” through a single portal; health alerts and monitoring for Vault servers; and initialization and seal workflow for Vault clusters. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections Post a comment More from The Register Building a DevOps business case Promo Learn how in Automic Webinar 4 Comments Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Purchase will add "complementary products" Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Promo Enjoy the world’s biggest DevOps online event, alongside experts, live. Speaking in Tech: DevOps handbook is a romance novel Podcast We compiiiiled the coode and committed it to the repository, she murmured huskily 2 Comments Jumpin' AppFlash! Actifio's devops gear rolls onto Pure kit +Comment Copy data virtualisation gets a flash boost Tenable ate FlawCheck for DevOps enhancement Because Docker container security leaves something to be desired Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Puppet shows its hand: All your software is belong to us Speaking in Tech: DevOps handbook is a romance novel Hyperconvergence: Where is the technology, and the CIO, going? 'We already do that, we’re just OG* enough to not call it DevOps' The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
null
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications The FW-7551 is a desktop network appliances utilizing the cutting edge capabilities of the Intel Rangeley platform. FW-7551_back - bk   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * x86 Desktop Network Appliance * vCPE * SD-WAN By Industry: * TelecomNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Sept. 8, 2016 - PRLog -- Lanner today announced that its network appliance FW-7551 has been certified to be compatible with NTT Lagopus SDN software switch. Lagopus, functioning as Open Source Software (OSS), is developed by NTT (Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation) to provide a high-performance and flexible functionality suitable for data centers and wide area network applications. In the mean time, Lanner has certified Lagopus as a software switch compatible with FW-7551 and potentially Lanner's other network appliances. The exchanged co-certifications will enhance both parties to be even dynamic in the SDN ecosystem. The release of Lagopus by NTT is considered as an initiative to expand OSS-based SDN ecosystems by NTT. In recent years, the network virtualization is intensively discussed due to its high flexibility, scalability and investment optimization. By taking the software-oriented approach instead of a hardware orientation, Lagopus conforms to OpenFlow specifications and supports a wide range of mainstream network protocols in order to improve serviceability and stability. With DPDK, Lagopus is able to deliver high performance for SDN applications. Lanner, a global leader in network appliance manufacturing, has its FW-7551 certified as NTT Lagopus compatible software switch. During the process, Lanner also certified NTT Lagopus SDN virtual switch on its hardware platform for its usability and stability. The co-certification will enhance both parties to be even dynamic in the SDN ecosystem. Lanner's FW-7551 is an Intel x86 based desktop appliance, empowered by Intel Atom CPU C2000 SoC up to 8-core and 8GB 1333/1600 DDR3 memory. As an ideal hardware device for SDN application, FW-7551 comes with built-in Intel QuickAssist crypto acceleration as well as full DPDK compatibility. With co-certification, the innovated NTT Lagopus vSwitch and Lanner FW-7551 will optimize the potential realize SDN/NFV-enabled network environment and shorten the system integrator development time in SDN applications. FW-7551 x86 Desktop Network Appliance for vCPE, SD-WAN and Network Edge Security - Intel 2, 4 or 8-core Atom C2000 SoC CPU (codenamed "Rangeley") - Compact desktop design - 4 or 6 built-in GbE LAN ports - Supports QuickAssist Crypto Acceleration - Supports up to 8 or 16 GB ECC DDR3 Memory - Intel i210AT LAN controller - 1 x system cooling fan - Supports 2nd Generation LAN Bypass function To know more about this product: http://www.lannerinc.com/products/x86-network-appliances/... About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Lanner Electronics Inc. ***@lannerinc.com End Source : Lanner Electronics Inc. » Follow Email : ***@lannerinc.com Listed Under- Tags : x86 Desktop Network Appliance, vCPE, SD-WAN Industry : Telecom Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Lanner Electronics Inc. PRs The LEC-7338: SFF Surveillance Platform with Intel® BayTrail CPU Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer well-rounded Digital Signage Solutions Lanner Partners with Versa Networks to Enhance SD-WAN and vCPE Solutions at Customer Site Lanner Adds NCA-1210 into its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup The LEC-2580: Unsurpassed in Performance, Flexibility and Scalability Trending News Huntsville Cyber Security Contractor Addresses New FAR Rule Implementing CUI Program Jeff Gordon Promotes Axalta's New Powder Coating Learning and Development Center Prairie Capital Advisors Announces The Sale of McKinney Communications Corp. To An ESOP Chrysta Bell & BellaSun release singles 'In My Life' and 'Swing Low, Sweet Chariot' IOTAP has been featured in the CIOReview magazine Top Daily News Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 400 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 266 views A Social Science Experiment Reveals that Not Everything Is As Real As It Seems In Every Protest - 258 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 228 views Mint SIM Launches Best F*!ing Deal in Wireless (We Said "Foxing"!) - 197 views Top Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1239 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 938 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 805 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 739 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 709 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 244 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 207 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 188 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 149 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Friday 18 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » IT & Telecommunications   » Story Intel to spin out security unit, sell $3.1bn stake NEW YORK, September 8, 2016 Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 per cent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 per cent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 per cent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. – Reuters Tags: Intel | Cyber Security | More IT & Telecommunications Stories UAE satellite operator inks partnership with Talia Du launches new TV service on Apple TV Etisalat rolls out new IP address standard Batelco set to host telecom and IT experts New media, IoT ‘increase threats to media firms’ Bahrain to introduce new rules for phone masts Thuraya launches 'first' dual mode, dual SIM phone NDigitec opens lounge in Dubai Design District HK telecom group names new GM Ford signs up BlackBerry for security software Asiacell, IRC and Ericsson win top CSR award UAE re-elected as chair of global IoT study group Microsoft partners with start-up accelerator Batelco gets key Eutelsat teleport certification 5G set to be a game-changer for networked society Batelco hosts Injaz Bahrain board meeting Saudi tech start-ups to drive Digital Economy Batelco wins 'fastest mobile internet in Bahrain' award Investcorp to invest $20m in cloud firm Calligo Ooredoo to implement new Ericsson solution for billing Ericsson showcases tech studio to UAE team Cyber security to drive $7.6trn of digital value Oman’s TRA calls bids for third telecom licence Huawei, ADMA launch cloud-ready data centre Ooredoo, Ericsson in tie-up for cloud revenue system UAE showcases space programme at global forum Tamkeen hosts forum on ICT industry in Bahrain Huawei launches newest addition to Mate series DarkMatter, Guidance to offer data security solutions Acer to extend its VR offering Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. GNU Libreboot Adds Support For Another (Outdated) Intel Motherboard Written by Michael Larabel in Coreboot on 7 September 2016 at 03:16 PM EDT. 6 Comments A mini-ITX board running the GNU Libreboot downstream of Coreboot sounds interesting for a fully free software HTPC/media center PC, right? Too bad this new motherboard port is for an i945 board released back in 2008 and has integrated a painfully slow original, single-core Atom chip. If you happen to have the Intel D945GCLF2 motherboard, it's now supported by GNU Libreboot eight years after the product was launched with the i945GC Express chipset. The port landed with this commit. Even if you have this board or are able to find it used, the preloaded BIOS is write-protected so you must externally flash Libreboot onto the motherboard. SeaBIOS is used by the Libreboot port rather than GRUB2 as the flash chip is only 512KB. More details on this board's status with GNU Libreboot via this web-page. Amazon appears to still offer this motherboard, but it will set you back $120 USD for having this single-core Atom mini-ITX board that supports DDR2-677 memory and offers 10/100 networking. At that price you probably would have a better performing experience buying a Coreboot/Libreboot-compatible Chromebook. Good luck finding newer x86 motherboards supported by Libreboot due to -- in large part -- Intel's FSP and AMD's AGESA binary blobs. 6 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Coreboot News Another Old Intel Motherboard Gets Picked Up By Coreboot AMD Stoney Ridge Support Lands In Coreboot Google "Eve" Kabylake System Gains Coreboot Support Coreboot Lands More RISC-V / lowRISC Code Coreboot 4.5 Officially Released Libreboot Drama Continues, GNU Might Keep The Project Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.

FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Demonetisation: CashNoCash helps find ATMs, banks and post offices with cash availability By Naina Khedekar 3   Comments WhatsApp video calling: Initial impressions after using the feature for 3 weeks By Rehan Hooda 2   Comments OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 3T: Here are 5 differences between the two flagships By Sheldon Pinto 2   Comments Facebook and Google fake news: The rise of echo chambers, and the need to shatter them By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments Demonetisation: 4 Apps and services to find ATMs, banks with cash near you By Naina Khedekar 2   Comments more from #Intel Intel Security Innovation Alliance to focus on providing security against sophisticated cyber attacks Intel Security outlines strategy for protecting new digital economy Samsung planning to invest over $1bn in chip production facility Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Intel Corp is spinning out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee #Intel 4   08 Sep 2016 , 10:07 Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security’s general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security’s revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. Reuters Tags: Cyber Security Division, FireEye, Intel, Mcafee, TPG Also read Artificial intelligence and machine learning may improve detection of lung diseases Intel plans to buy Movidius, a startup building vision chips for drones and virtual reality X Recommended For You Samsung planning to invest over $1bn in chip production facility Microsoft unveils the Surface Studio: A computing powerhouse with impressive industrial design 14 startups showcase their products in Intel’s first “Maker Lab Startup Conclave and Demo Showcase” Intel beats Wall Street earnings expectation but current quarter forecast disappointing Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Amazon Nov 18, 2016 Amazon Prime Video to debut in India in December, thanks to The Grand Tour #Shoulder Surfing Nov 18, 2016 Demonetisation: Beware of the shoulder surfing hacking technique when using banking applications #Virtual Reality Nov 18, 2016 Chimp experiencing VR is funny and sad at the same time #iPhone Nov 18, 2016 Apple iPhone lock screen bypass discovered, devices with iOS 10.2 Beta to iOS 8.0 affected #Microsoft Nov 18, 2016 Microsoft blames Nokia layoffs for decline in women employees SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com

Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Banking & Financial Services | Economic News, Trends, Analysis Results Announced for 2016 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices Review LONDON and NEW YORK and ZURICH, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- S&P Dow Jones Indices (S&P DJI), one of the world's leading index providers, and RobecoSAM, the investment specialist focused exclusively on Sustainability Investing (SI), today announced the results of the annual Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) review. The three largest additions and deletions (by free-float market capitalization) to the DJSI World this year include: Additions: Cisco Systems Inc, Royal Dutch Shell PLC, Adobe Systems Inc Deletions: Intel Corp*, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, British American Tobacco PLC* The component lists for the DJSI will be published on the RobecoSAM website on Monday, September 12, 2016. All changes are effective on Monday, September 19, 2016. Launched in 1999, the DJSI World is the gold standard for corporate sustainability and the first global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies based on RobecoSAM's analysis of financially relevant Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) factors and S&P DJI's robust index methodology. RobecoSAM invited the world's largest 3,400 companies from developed and emerging markets to take part in its annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). Appetite for Sustainability Investing on the Rise ESG integration has gone mainstream, attracting the attention of more and more investors. RobecoSAM's database of comprehensive research regarding financially relevant sustainability information enables RobecoSAM and S&P DJI to provide tailor-made indices designed to meet investors' growing needs for SI investment solutions. The aim of the CSA methodology is to address upcoming sustainability trends that are connected to financial performance and thus raise the bar each year. Manjit Jus, Head of Sustainability Application & Operations, RobecoSAM: "The iconic DJSI offer a great opportunity for companies to drive their sustainability performance. Moreover, the CSA addresses the right sustainability issues that support companies to remain at the cutting edge of their industry and forms the basis of new, innovative index solutions that we develop together with our partner S&P Dow Jones Indices." David Blitzer, Managing Director and Chairman of the Index Committee, S&P Dow Jones Indices: "With 2016 likely to be the hottest year on record, investors are again reminded that companies' environmental and sustainability efforts are crucial to their financial outcomes. The Dow Jones Sustainability Indices are comprehensive benchmarks of companies that meet RobecoSAM's sustainability standards and give investors tools to develop global allocations that reflect sustainability factors." The Corporate Sustainability Leaders RobecoSAM identifies the top scoring company in each of the 24 industry groups (according to GICS®). The 2016-2017 Industry Group Leader profiles can be found on the RobecoSAM website. *These companies are still part of regional indices Observations from the 2016 DJSI Review The CSA consists of over 100 financially relevant questions. An analysis of this year's review provides insight into the business practices of the world's largest companies. Below are some of the most notable observations from the 2016 Review: Criteria, Where World's Largest Companies Scored Highest in 2016: Codes of Business Conduct Corporate Governance Environmental Policy & Management Systems Criteria, Where World's Largest Companies Scored Lowest in 2016: Operational Eco-Efficiency Human Capital Development Materiality (New criteria in 2016) Surprisingly, many companies still underestimate the importance of "Human Capital Development" and lack the ability to not only qualitatively, but also quantitatively, link investments in human capital with tangible business benefits. Most Improved CSA Criteria Relative to Last Year: Corporate Citizenship and Philanthropy: +22.09% The high score in "Corporate Citizenship and Philanthropy" shows that companies increasingly approach their corporate citizenship activities in a strategic manner, with defined priorities that are aligned with their business drivers, allowing companies to leverage their strengths, brand and employees to have the maximum impact on the beneficiaries. Least Improved CSA Criteria Relative to Last Year: Labor Practice Indicators and Human Rights: -34.82% The criteria "Labor Practice Indicators and Human Rights" deteriorated the most due to newly introduced questions focusing on human rights. Based on the results, it is clear that this is a developing area of interest for companies – many have human rights policies in place, but few have the tools to comprehensively assess, mitigate and remediate human rights risks. For additional information on the DJSI and the changes to its components numbers, please visit: RobecoSAM's DJSI review page and http://www.djindexes.com/sustainability/. For further methodology information, please visit the CSA Resource Center, where you find criteria weightings, 2016 criteria changes, Measuring Intangibles brochure, key facts, participation benefits, CSA companion and more. For more information about RobecoSAM, please visit www.robecosam.com For more information about S&P Dow Jones Indices, please visit www.spdji.com  ABOUT S&P DOW JONES INDICES S&P Dow Jones Indices, a division of S&P Global, is the largest global resource for index-based concepts, data and research, and home to iconic financial market indicators, such as the S&P 500® and the Dow Jones Industrial Average®. More assets are invested in products based on our indices than any other provider in the world. With over 1,000,000 indices and more than 120 years of experience covering a wide range of asset classes across the globe, S&P Dow Jones Indices defines the way investors measure and trade the markets. For more information, visit www.spdji.com. ABOUT RobecoSAM Founded in 1995, RobecoSAM is an investment specialist focused exclusively on Sustainability Investing. It offers asset management, indices, impact analysis and investing, engagement, voting, sustainability assessments, and benchmarking services. Asset management capabilities cater to institutional asset owners and financial intermediaries and cover a range of ESG-integrated investments (in public and private equity), featuring a strong track record in resource efficiency themed strategies. Together with S&P Dow Jones Indices, RobecoSAM publishes the globally recognized Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI). Based on its Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), an annual ESG analysis of over 3,800 listed companies, RobecoSAM has compiled one of the world's most comprehensive databases of financially material sustainability information. The data of the CSA is also included in USD 87.3 billion of assets under management by the subsidiaries of the Robeco Group. RobecoSAM is a sister company of Robeco, the Dutch investment management firm founded in 1929. Both entities are subsidiaries of the Robeco Group, whose majority shareholder is ORIX Corporation. As a reflection of its own commitment to advocating sustainable investment practices, RobecoSAM is a signatory of the UNPRI and a member of Eurosif, ASrIA and Ceres. Approximately 130 professionals work for RobecoSAM, which is headquartered in Zurich. As of June 30, 2016, RobecoSAM had assets under management, advice and/or license in listed and private equity* of approximately USD 10.8 billion. Additionally, RobecoSAM's Governance & Active Ownership team** had USD 226 billion of assets under engagement and USD 53 billion of assets under voting. Important legal information: S&P® is a registered trademark of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P"), a division of S&P Global, Inc. Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"). RobecoSAM is a registered trademark of Robeco Groep N.V. These trademarks have been licensed to S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("S&P DJI), a division of S&P Global, Inc. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by, and is the exclusive property and a trademark of, S&P and MSCI Inc. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. S&P DJI, Dow Jones, S&P and their respective affiliates do not sponsor, endorse, sell or promote any investment fund or other investment product that is offered by third parties and that seeks to provide an investment return based on the performance of any index. S&P DJI does not make investment recommendations, and inclusion of a security within an index, and CSA results, are not recommendations by S&P DJI for the purchase or sale of any security or other asset or to pursue any investment strategy. This document is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer of services in jurisdictions where S&P DJI does not have the necessary licenses. S&P DJI receives compensation for licensing its indices to third parties. The securities identified and described may or may not be purchased, sold or recommended for advisory clients of RobecoSAM. It should not be assumed that an investment in these securities was or will be profitable. *RobecoSAM Private Equity is the marketing name of the combined private equity divisions of Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. ('Robeco') and its fully owned subsidiary, RobecoSAM AG ('RobecoSAM'). Any funds or services offered by RobecoSAM Private Equity are managed and offered by Robeco, who may have delegated certain investment advisory functions to RobecoSAM. ** RobecoSAM's Governance & Active Ownership team is a brand name of Robeco. RobecoSAM USA is an investment adviser registered in the US. RobecoSAM USA, 909 third avenue, New York, NY 10022. Copyright© 2016 RobecoSAM – all rights reserved. SOURCE S&P Dow Jones Indices RELATED LINKS http://www.spdji.com Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Banking & Financial Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  News Intel's new 600p series NVMe drives get a fantastic price by David Hollingworth  |  Thursday 8 September 2016  | Comment Now Not quite high-end performance, but half the asking price? This is the storage revolution we've been waiting for. When we first got word of Intel's new range of NVMe drives, the one thing we were waiting on was the price. Everything else looked solid, and Intel was intimating the drives - available in 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB models - would be priced at a more mainstream level. And Intel was not kidding. The current top end product in this market segment is Samsung's 950 Pro series, but for that you're paying $239 for the 256GB model, or $419 for the 512GB version. Sure, these drives are faster - you get read speeds of up to 2500MB/s and writes of up to 1500MB/s.  Intel's are slower, but only by a third, at least when it comes to read speeds. The 512GB model is rated for up to 1775MB/s read speed, with a 560MB/s write speed. But here's the local pricing of the three 600p models (we still don't have a price for Intel's 128GB model): Intel 600p 1TB - $459 Intel 600p 512GB - $239 Intel 600p 256GB - $139        That's just comparing apples to apples, though. If you compare the PCIe-based 600p drives to the current top of the SATA-based SSD crown - Samsung's 850 Pro series - it's even more competitive on price, and with much faster performance. The 500 GB 850 Pro SSD is rated for read speeds of up to 550MB/s, and writes of up to 520MB/s, but costs $319. READ NEXT: Adata launches Ultimate SU800SATA 6Gb/s3D NAND SSD In terms of HDD performance, there's simply no comparison. The 600p drives are 17 times faster. Basically, in terms of bang for buck, we think Intel's hit the jackpot. If you've got a motherboard that supports the hardware (an M.2 connection, and PCIe 3 x4 - so, any modern board, essentially), this should absolutely be your next system drive choice. If you do want that premium performance, though, there's always Intel's 750 series PCIe drive, and OCZ's just gotten into the market with its RD400 range.  Related Articles Liveblog: Microsoft E3 Event - Halo 4, Smartglass, South Park and no new Xbox Liveblog: EA's 'The Download' - Sim City, pro-sports and Warfighter New screens from Dishonored - cloak, dagger and magic! Wargaming.net announces unified gaming service, and World of Battleships trailer Meeting the real Warfighters: A Medal of Honor day out See more about:  600p  |  intel  |  m2  |  nvme  |  pcie 3 x4  |  pricing  |  ssd  |  storage   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Hands-on Preview: Razer Blade Pro (2016)     Google Wifi: 5 reasons to be excited about a wireless router (yes, really)     iOS 10 has a terrible security flaw you need to know about     M.2 NVMe SSDs just got a nice speed boost     Review: HP ZBook Studio G3   More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Roccat releases Cross cross-platform gaming headphones << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Both Nvidia and AMD release hot fix drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Group on trial for cyber-theft of $15M in FIFA Coins << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Might want to hold off on those 375.86 Nvidia drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS New GeForce 375.86 WHQL drivers out now << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) FEATURE The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Fractal Design Define C is a great mix of silence and features << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) GALLERY Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The beautiful PC mods of PAX Australia 2016! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Roccat releases Cross cross-platform gaming headphones Review Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time Feature The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Freitag, 18. November | 18:52 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 6:03 | 08.09.2016 n.io Innovation Reveals Award Winning IoT Precision Agriculture Software in Upcoming Webcast BROOMFIELD, Colorado, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — n.io Innovation [https://n.io/], a recent Gold Award winner of Dell & Intel’s IoT Connect What Matters [http://www.dellconnectwhatmatters.com/] contest, announced today that it will host a webcast to publicly reveal how the n.io software platform is enabling disruptive agricultural transformation by providing real-time insight, control, and automation.Topic: n.io Precision Agriculture Demonstration Webinar [https://n.io/ag/] Description: n.io enables the future of agriculture, featuring Deep Sky Vineyard Date/Time: Sept. 22, 2016 @ 11am MST Event Registration: n.io/ag [https://n.io/ag/]Standing in the way of much-needed modernization in the agricultural industry are several limitations in technology–in particular, excessive networking and data collection costs, lack of interoperability amongst disparate technologies, and the exclusion of the farmer’s expertise and artistry from the application of technology. The n.io software platform enables a robust and interoperable precision agriculture solution, capable of adapting to a vast array of requirements. This software “central nervous system” of intelligence, control, and automation can process an unlimited array of asynchronous sensors and data to create a fully interoperable agricultural ecosystem. n.io Innovation CEO, Doug Standley, declares, “The societal demand to produce significantly more food while conserving precious water resources is universally acknowledged. Our investment towards applying n.io to precision ag is a call of duty and central to our company’s purpose.”The intent of this webcast is to raise awareness about the patented n.io software technology and encourage partnership amongst agriculture investors, technology providers, and the farming community. “n.io’s ability to seamlessly process data at the edge is the breakout that I’ve been searching for my entire career. I am pleased to be involved in this innovation and excited to play a part in its advancement to the global farming community.” – Deverl Maserang: Senior Agriculture Executive and n.io Innovation AdvisorAbout n.io InnovationBased in Broomfield, CO, n.io Innovation is a privately held software company. The company is taking on the toughest challenges of interoperability, latency, database dependency and user complexity, enabling adaptable real-time intelligence and automation to empower users and developers to exploit the vast potential of technology and the Internet. n.io Innovation’s patented platform jumps ahead of all the current noise and clutter about the Internet of Things (IoT) by providing a truly extensible software platform. To learn more visit n.io [https://n.io/], contact Blake Duhame at 877-231-0353 ext.152, or email info@n.io[mailto:info@n.io]About Deep Sky VineyardDeep Sky is a 20-acre boutique vineyard owned by Kim and Philip Asmundson located just south of Willcox, Arizona. As vineyard owners they believe that “80% of the wine is made in the field.” This means that great wine begins with great fruit and great fruit requires a lot of attention. It’s this relentless attention to detail and perseverance that drives them every day to meet their goal of producing the highest quality grapes in Arizona. To learn more, visit deepskyvineyard.com [https://deepskyvineyard.com/].n.io Innovation Web site: http://www.n.io/ Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 18:28 Uhr | 18.11.2016 EZB-Chefvolkswirt: Werden ... 18:21 Uhr | 18.11.2016 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Stellenabbau ... 18:13 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Aktien Europa Schluss: Verluste - ... 18:11 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Mexikos Notenbank: 'Trump ist kein ... 18:10 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Aktien Frankfurt Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Electronic Design Automation | Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Agriculture | Networks n.io Innovation Reveals Award Winning IoT Precision Agriculture Software in Upcoming Webcast Translations: English BROOMFIELD, Colorado, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- n.io Innovation, a recent Gold Award winner of Dell & Intel's IoT Connect What Matters contest, announced today that it will host a webcast to publicly reveal how the n.io software platform is enabling disruptive agricultural transformation by providing real-time insight, control, and automation. Topic: n.io Precision Agriculture Demonstration Webinar  Description: n.io enables the future of agriculture, featuring Deep Sky Vineyard Date/Time: Sept. 22, 2016 @ 11am MST Event Registration: n.io/ag Standing in the way of much-needed modernization in the agricultural industry are several limitations in technology—in particular, excessive networking and data collection costs, lack of interoperability amongst disparate technologies, and the exclusion of the farmer's expertise and artistry from the application of technology. The n.io software platform enables a robust and interoperable precision agriculture solution, capable of adapting to a vast array of requirements. This software "central nervous system" of intelligence, control, and automation can process an unlimited array of asynchronous sensors and data to create a fully interoperable agricultural ecosystem. n.io Innovation CEO, Doug Standley, declares, "The societal demand to produce significantly more food while conserving precious water resources is universally acknowledged. Our investment towards applying n.io to precision ag is a call of duty and central to our company's purpose." The intent of this webcast is to raise awareness about the patented n.io software technology and encourage partnership amongst agriculture investors, technology providers, and the farming community.   "n.io's ability to seamlessly process data at the edge is the breakout that I've been searching for my entire career. I am pleased to be involved in this innovation and excited to play a part in its advancement to the global farming community." - Deverl Maserang: Senior Agriculture Executive and n.io Innovation Advisor About n.io Innovation Based in Broomfield, CO, n.io Innovation is a privately held software company. The company is taking on the toughest challenges of interoperability, latency, database dependency and user complexity, enabling adaptable real-time intelligence and automation to empower users and developers to exploit the vast potential of technology and the Internet. n.io Innovation's patented platform jumps ahead of all the current noise and clutter about the Internet of Things (IoT) by providing a truly extensible software platform. To learn more visit n.io, contact Blake Duhame at 877-231-0353 ext.152, or email info@n.io About Deep Sky Vineyard Deep Sky is a 20-acre boutique vineyard owned by Kim and Philip Asmundson located just south of Willcox, Arizona. As vineyard owners they believe that "80% of the wine is made in the field." This means that great wine begins with great fruit and great fruit requires a lot of attention. It's this relentless attention to detail and perseverance that drives them every day to meet their goal of producing the highest quality grapes in Arizona. To learn more, visit deepskyvineyard.com. SOURCE n.io Innovation RELATED LINKS http://www.n.io More by this Source n.io Innovation zeigt preisgekrönte Io-Präzisionslandwirtschafts-Software in demnächst stattfindendem Webcast 08 Sep, 2016, 12:46 BST n.io Innovation dévoile, dans une présentation diffusée sur le Web, un logiciel de l'IdO primé pour l'agriculture de précision 08 Sep, 2016, 11:03 BST View all news by n.io Innovation Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Electronic Design Automation News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NetflixvsHulu LinkedIn SpaceX Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Security/ Intel Spins Off McAfee to Private Equity Firm Intel Spins Off McAfee to Private Equity Firm By Tom Brant September 7, 2016 08:18pm EST 10 Comments Intel's goal in acquiring McAfee was to sell security software for more than just PCs. Intel is spinning off its McAfee virus protection subsidiary, creating an independent cybersecurity company that will continue to sell products under the McAfee name. Intel agreed to acquire McAfee for $7.68 billion almost exactly seven years ago, when the mobile device era was still in its infancy. Its goal was to remake the company, once a household name for PC security, into a peddler of protection for every Internet-connected device. McAfee continued to make PC security software, but also branched out with product offerings like LiveSafe, which protects nearly every Windows, Mac OS, Android, and iOS device, and whose antivirus capabilities rated highly in PCMag's tests. But McAfee's transformation under Intel largely failed to convince the smartphone-wielding public that it needed cybersecurity protection for more devices. Most people's first visit to the app store is likely to download Facebook, not virus protection. //Related Articles The Best Antivirus Protection of 2016 So Intel will rid itself of the McAfee experiment—though it will continue to own 49 percent of the company—in a transaction valuing the business at approximately $4.2 billion. Private investment firm TPG will own the other 51 percent. Current Intel senior vice president Christopher Young will lead the newly-independent McAfee. In an open letter to investors, employees, and customers, he explained that his company will continue to offer multiple-device security suites. "We have the right strategy and product portfolio to stay ahead of the adversaries who undermine our digital world," he wrote. "In the end, McAfee will emerge in a position of greater strength, still fully committed to being the best provider in the cybersecurity industry worldwide." Back to top Previous : Brazzers Porn Forum Hacked, User Data Exposed House GOP Panel Blasts OPM Over Breach Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom The Best Dell Black Friday Deals Cheap notebooks and desktops, a pair of 4K TVs, and an Xbox One S await. More » White Male Twitter Bots Reduce Racism by Calling it Out In a study, men on Twitter reduced their racist comments by 27 percent once they were criticized by ... More » Send Texts With Amazon Alexa's New AT&T Skill There's no phone required, but you can only add up to 10 contacts. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews McAfee AntiVirus Plus (2017) Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Bitdefender Antivirus Plus 2017 Symantec Norton AntiVirus Basic The Best Antivirus Protection of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Intel To Sell Majority Stake In Security Unit To TPG INTEL CORPORATION 32,831  Euro -0,056 -0,17 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 18:03 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,845 32,95 19:05 32,841 32,902 19:03 08.09.2016 | 04:18 (19 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Intel To Sell Majority Stake In Security Unit To TPG SANTA CLARA (dpa-AFX) - Intel Corp. (INTC) and TPG announced a definitive agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly-owned, independent cybersecurity company. The new company will be called McAfee following transaction close. TPG will own 51 percent of McAfee and Intel will own 49 percent in a transaction valuing the business at approximately $4.2 billion. TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment to help drive growth and enhance focus as a standalone business. Chris Young will be appointed CEO of the new company upon closing of the transaction. As per the terms of the agreement, TPG will own 51 percent of a newly-formed cybersecurity company in a multi-step transaction valuing Intel Security at about $4.2 billion, based on an equity value of approximately $2.2 billion plus McAfee net debt of approximately $2 billion. The debt initially will be financed by Intel until completion of audited financial statements for McAfee (expected within three to five months of close). The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:07 Closing The Book On Intel And Vuzix ► Artikel lesen 16:21 Tech Today: Salesforce, Marvell Surge, Apple's Inventory, Intel's A.I. ► Artikel lesen 15:46 Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good ► Artikel lesen 15:22 Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,831 -0,17 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Home Consulting Advertise Contact & About Archive Price Lists (deprecated) Nantero NRAM: ARM’d and dangerous by Robin Harris on Wednesday, 7 September, 2016 Intel’s 3D XPoint non-volatile RAM has sucked up most of the attention in the NVRAM space, but Nantero’s NRAM has taken a giant step forward. So far forward that Intel may get ARM’d again if they aren’t careful. NRAM? Nantero is the 15 year old startup pioneering carbon nano-tube RAM, or NRAM. 15 years is a lot of pioneering, but NRAM’s promise is immense: DRAM speed Lower cost in volume Endurance that rivals – or equals – DRAM Higher density Plus, of course, lower power StorageMojo has followed Nantero for a while, but has seen enough great lab demos that fizzled in the marketplace that I’ve remained skeptical. But Fujitsu announced last week that they are productizing NRAM – the first Nantero licensee to go public – and since Fujitsu is also the world’s largest vendor of FRAM – ferromagnetic RAM – their announcement is a weighty endorsement. Fujitsu plans to start with a 256mbit part and scale up and down from there – plus offering embedded NRAM in their fab. Given their FRAM customer base of people who have already stepped outside the DRAM/NAND box, they are well-positioned for NRAM design wins. Also, Nantero is one of the few companies whose product specs have improved as they got closer to production. The product is better than expected. How often does that happen? Can NRAM replace DRAM? Maybe. The biggest uncertainty today is NRAM’s endurance. Nantero says they haven’t found a wear mechanism and have tested to 10^12 writes. But to reach DRAM’s 10^15 writes will take a couple of years to certify. Wrinkles Achieving DRAM density requires vertical NRAM – multiple layers of processing. Nantero says that’s not a problem because DRAM capacitors have such a high aspect ratio that they takes as many processing steps and mask layers as 8 layers of NRAM. Achieving lower-than-DRAM pricing requires volume, and that’s where NRAM has a competitive advantage over, say, 3D XPoint. Processing can be done on today’s flash, DRAM or logic lines. NRAM processing only needs spin coating and patterning – as well as carbon nanotubes – which modern fabs all support. The StorageMojo take The Intel/Micron 3D XPoint announcement last year seemed rushed. At the time it seemed due to a possible Micron takeover. But I think now that the rush was because of Nantero’s NRAM. While Fujitsu is the first public reference, Nantero, who wouldn’t reveal any names, says they have a dozen other licensees, including, I’ll wager, Apple, Samsung, HP, Lenovo, Dell/EMC, TSMC, and other major players. Since Nantero, like ARM, licenses their technology, Intel wanted to take up as many development resources for 3D XPoint as possible, leaving fewer for NRAM. But NRAM’s advantages are many. And ARM has shown that having dozens of companies working with your technology can beat one, not matter how large and wealthy. Courteous comments welcome, of course. Tweet { 1 comment… read it below or add one } Petros Koutoupis September 8, 2016 at 7:16 am I am glad to see that Nantero is making progress. Thank you for this write up and update. Re: 3D XPoint… I agree. Intel/Micron did seem to rush their announcement. It has been over a year and we have yet to see anything, including real life benchmarks of both performance and endurance. Given the continued delays to provide samples to a select list of partners, my concern with 3D XPoint is that this may be a case of over promising and in turn under delivering. Leave a Comment Name E-mail Website Previous post: Notes on VMworld 2016 Next post: Artisanal science doesn’t scale Recent Comments KW Bouchard on Building fast erasure coded storage Ashok Matta on Big Data in Formula 1 racing c8to on Artisanal science doesn’t scale Laz Vekiarides on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Phil Fote on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed David E. Williams on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Ian F. Adams on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed John Other on Everspin’s MRAM IPO John Other on Everspin’s MRAM IPO Recent Posts When is a feature a bug? Frisky Gen-Z’s to battle boomer Intel ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Everspin’s MRAM IPO Is 3D XPoint in trouble? Nutanix IPO: the big score Dell vets: buff up your resumes this weekend Artisanal science doesn’t scale Nantero NRAM: ARM’d and dangerous   StorageMojo Channel Categories Architecture Backup Cloud computing & storage Clusters Disk Enterprise Future Tech Hike blogging Information Management IoT Management Marketing Mobile NAS, IP, iSCSI Object storage Off-Topic Price Lists SAN, FC Security & Public Policy SOHO/SMB SSD/Flash/NVRAM Video Virtualization Greatest hits EMC threatens StorageMojo Google's disk failure experience Everything you know about disks is wrong EMC: "These aren't the droids you're looking for" Home RAID vs backup Google file system eval ZFS: threat or menace? An open source SAN ZFS performance vs hardware RAID CERN's data corruption research Recent tweets Tweets by @StorageMojo Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: U.S. Analog IP Startup Partners with Megachips NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Preps its AI Strategy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: DSRC's 'Dead End,' Says Qualcomm Exec NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Intel Spins out Security Group Rick Merritt 9/7/2016 07:30 PM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. – Intel Corp. will sell 51% of its security group to a private equity company for $3.1 billion in cash, spinning it off as an independent company to be called McAfee. Under former chief executive Paul Otellini, the x86 giant bought McAfee in 2010 for $7.68 billion. Intel will retain 49% ownership of the new company in a transaction valuing the business at $4.2 billion. In a written statement, Intel called the new company “one of the world’s largest cybersecurity companies.” An estimated 7,500 McAfee employees will leave Intel at the close of transaction, expected in the second quarter of 2017. The move follows a broader reorg announced in April in which Intel said it is laying off 12,000 workers. In a research note, Deutsche Bank analyst Ross Seymore forecast the group would earn $2.2 billion this year with an operating margin of 17%. Overall, represents about 4% of Intel’s revenues and 2% of its operating profits, he said. “While taking a sizable loss is sub-optimal, we nonetheless applaud the company’s increasing focus on its core competencies and its efforts to become more efficient,” wrote Seymore. “We view this divestiture as consistent with CEO Brian Krzanich’s increasing focus on Intel’s core areas” such as the data center, the Internet of Things and non-volatile memory, he added. After a reorg last year, the group grew revenue 11% to $1.1 billion and operating income by 391% to $182 million in the first half of this year. In 2015, the group reported revenues of $2 billion and an operating margin of 11%. Chris Young, the general manager of the Intel group, will become the independent company’s chief executive. “We will continue to focus on solving the unique demands of customers in the dynamic cybersecurity marketplace, drive innovation that anticipates future market needs, and continue to grow through our strategic priorities,” Young said in a statement. — Rick Merritt, Silicon Valley Bureau Chief, EE Times Related posts: Intel to Plug Security Hole Between Cloud & Devices Intel Cuts 12,000, 11% of Staff ARM, Softbank and 1,500 Engineers McAfee deal brings Intel into mobile security Email This Print Comment More Related Links Integrated Resistors for an Advanced Node CMOS Qualcomm Boss Brainstorms on 5G Startup Programs Multicores on Data, Not Gut U.S. Analog IP Startup Partners with Megachips Chip Veterans Scan Horizon Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 11/18/2016 12:39:51 PM realjjj Lots of options for electric bikes and pedelecs but prices are not great. I am somewhat tempted by pedelecs, pedaling a bit is not a bad thing and you also get good range, maybe... 11/18/2016 12:39:51 PM realjjj Lots of options for electric bikes and pedelecs but prices are not great. I am somewhat tempted by pedelecs, pedaling a bit is not a bad thing and you also get good range, maybe... 11/18/2016 12:05:44 PM Max The Magnificent @Elizabeth...There's something about having a commute with a substatial hill on each end that discourages bicycling... I'm from Sheffield, England. Like Rome, Sheffield is spread... 11/18/2016 11:59:07 AM Howman Though hapless Harry is now blissfully cleaning up his ACT (Antique Cluster of Technology), he will soon find out what the cleanroom manager does with his contraband feather d... 11/18/2016 11:58:17 AM sw guy OK, now I understand what you meant, thanks 11/18/2016 11:55:30 AM Lefty4 But how do you know it's the first 10nm SoC in production? The other SoC's that I mentioned are probably also in production, so the only way to tell who is first is when the actual... 11/18/2016 11:55:02 AM elizabethsimon That MATE bike is really very appealing. Maybe I should ask for one of those instead of the minizum. I could actually see riding something like that to work.And it's portable... 11/18/2016 11:28:25 AM elizabethsimon Actually the city center doesn't need to be flat for this to be useful but it's helpful if there is a bike path. I've got a non-electric kick scooter which is fun on the flat... 11/18/2016 11:14:06 AM realjjj Would be a bit foolish to make a guess with little info. Based on history, they would likely keep evolving the GPU to better fit this task, the question is how much and how fast.... 11/18/2016 10:57:38 AM Max The Magnificent @Antedeluvian" ...How do you fit 4 elephants in a mini? two in the front and two at the back! And people wonder why I drink LOL Navigate to Related Links Integrated Resistors for an Advanced Node CMOS Qualcomm Boss Brainstorms on 5G Startup Programs Multicores on Data, Not Gut U.S. Analog IP Startup Partners with Megachips Chip Veterans Scan Horizon Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 70 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  51   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  32   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  30   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  32   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  30   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   3D Printed Buses Here  5   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec  5   Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  3   Electronica Settles into Automotive, ...  3   Intel Preps its AI Strategy Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 8 September 2016 | MYT 7:05 AM Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG for US$3.1bil TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. - Reuters NEW YORK: Intel Corp said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye<FEYE.O>, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler.- Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Earnings , Foreign News , Corporate News , Investing You May Be Interested MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Breakfast briefing: Friday, November 18 Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Bonus for civil servants Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away Property Related advertisement Latest News Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year ECB chief Draghi hints at more stimulus to come Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Most Viewed in Business Prestariang wins RM3.5bil deal to revamp Immigration’s IT system Ringgit continues slide Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot Opec moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Ringgit opens lower against US dollar MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Prince Alwaleed sees Saudi currency depeg as last resort SC appoints Gumuri as AOB executive chairman Wall St flat at the open; Nasdaq hits record high advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Traffic accident near Golden Gate Bridge snarls traffic Rainy weekend could put damper on Big Game Rohnert Park man busted in club-drug smuggling sting Trump effect on Calif. vote? Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Ward chases greatness in light heavyweight title bout Warriors game day: Can Golden State stop Celtics’ Isaiah Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State High school football games of the week, Nov. 18 Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Pro-Trump bots overwhelmed pro-Clinton messages, researchers say Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview When reading your resume, the first 20 seconds count for Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Hewlett-Packard-Enterprise-Intel-announce-big-9208595.php Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Intel announce big spin-offs Chronicle News Services Published 3:19 pm, Wednesday, September 7, 2016 Two Silicon Valley giants said Wednesday that they are spinning off software units, with Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. teaming up with a British company and Intel preparing to turn cybersecurity firm McAfee into an independent business once more. Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s deal is worth $8.8 billion, and the Palo Alto company says it will help it focus on faster-growing businesses. It said that the spun-off software businesses — they include big data, security for big companies and IT operations management units — will merge with British software company Micro Focus International. Hewlett Packard Enterprise will get a $2.5 billion cash payment and a 50.1 percent stake in the combined company. The deal requires antitrust approval. CEO Meg Whitman is looking for more ways to pare down her company to make it nimbler. The move follows the announcement in May that Hewlett Packard Enterprise would merge its technology-services division with Computer Sciences in a deal valued at about $8.5 billion. “They are fantastic assets,” Whitman said. “They’re just not core to our strategy.” As for the other move, Santa Clara’s Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion six years ago, announced that it had sold a majority stake in its cybersecurity business to investment firm TPG, in a transaction valuing the security provider at about $4.2 billion, including debt. The move will bring McAfee independence at a time when cybersecurity businesses have grown more prominent amid seemingly omnipresent hacking threats. Under the terms of the deal, McAfee will borrow money to pay an approximately $2 billion dividend to Intel, which will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. TPG will pay $1.1 billion in cash for a 51 percent stake. The business, currently called Intel Security, will once again adopt the McAfee name when the deal closes, which is expected to be in the second quarter of 2017. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. FIERCE OBAMA CRITICS CHOSEN Trump security picks signal sharp policy shift to the right Ford: Trump influenced decision to not move facility to Mexico Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Researchers: Pro-Trump bots overwhelmed pro-Clinton messages Latest News Rainy weekend ahead, could dampen the Big Game fun Accident near Golden Gate Bridge snarls traffic Moose found frozen in Alaskan stream, locked at antlers 4 found unconscious at Orange County night club George Takei: Don't let Muslims be interned Rohnert Park man busted in club-drug smuggling sting King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating myths from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? Lisa Lynn Masters, 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress, dies at 52 Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from UNCLE' star, dies at 83 Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the myth from... 3 Shifting US policy to right, Trump taps Sessions, Flynn 4 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 5 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 6 Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump 7 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 8 4 found unconscious at Orange County night club 9 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 10 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter COMMELL unveils new products based on Skylake-U processors COMMELL - Leave a Comment COMMELL, the worldwide leader of Industrial Single Board Computers, unveils Embedded boards in various form factors based on Intel(r) 6th generation "Skylake-U" Core(tm) processor family. these Embedded boards include Mini-ITX LV-67T, Pico-ITX LP-175 and 3.5" miniboard LE-37G. Taiwan Commate Computer Inc.(COMMELL), the worldwide leader of Industrial Single Board Computers, unveils Embedded boards in various form factors based on Intel® 6th generation "Skylake-U" Core™ processor family. The U-series 6th generation Intel® Core™ i3/i5/i7 leverage the power efficiency of a new 14nm microarchitecture to deliver best-in-class performance. Supporting up to two cores and four threads with Intel® HT Technology, these Embedded boards include Mini-ITX LV-67T, Pico-ITX LP-175 and 3.5" miniboard LE-37G. These products are designed to meet requirements of a broad range of embedded applications, including retail and transaction solutions, Signage, Information Kiosk, Gaming platforms, Medical equipment, Industrial automation, Industry 4.0 and Internet of Things (IOT). LV-67T Mini-ITX platform is designed for the 6th generation Intel® Core™ U-series processors with configurable 15W TDP. Its memory support dual channel DDR4 2133MHz up to 32GB. Advanced Intel® HD520 Graphics provides DirectX 12, OpenGL 4.4 and OPenCL 2.0 API, supports LVDS, DVI-I and one DP port(or VGA) for triple display. Rich I/O includes 4 x USB2.0, 4 x USB3.0, 2 x SATAIII support RAID 0,1. 1 x RS232/422/485, 5 x RS232, 1 x DIO, 1 x SMBUS, 1 x LPC, Dual Gigabit Ethernet ports: 1 x Intel® I210-AT and 1 x Intel® I219-LM( support iAMT11), Realtek ALC262 HD Audio, For the expansion slot, comes with 1 x PCI, 1 x Mini-PCI, 1 x SIM slot and 2 x Mini-PCIe(Card 2 support mSATA). ATX power or DC +9 ~ 24V wide power range supported. LP-175 Pico-ITX, equips with Intel® Core™ i3/i5/i7 (U-series), supports DDR4 2133MHz up to 16GB. Advanced Intel® HD520 Graphics supports 1 x HDMI, 1 x LVDS, 1 x DisplayPort(or VGA, requires COMMELL ADP-3355 DP to VGA module) for triple display. Rich I/O includes 2 x USB2.0, 2 x USB3.0, 1 x SATAIII, 2 x RS232, 1 x LPC, 1 x Intel® I219-LM Gigabit LAN( support iAMT11), Realtek ALC262 HD Audio, 1 x Mini-PCIe expansion slot(support mSATA). 5V power input. LE-37G 3.5" Miniboard, supports Intel® Core™ i3/i5/i7 (U-series), with one DDR4 2133MHz up to 16GB. Advanced Intel® HD520 Graphics supports 1 x HDMI, 1 x LVDS, 1 x DisplayPort(or VGA, requires COMMELL ADP-3355 DP to VGA module) for triple display. Rich I/O includes 4 x USB2.0, 4 x USB3.0, 2 x SATAIII support RAID 0,1. 1 x RS232/422/485, 5 x RS232, 1 x DIO, 1 x SMBUS, Dual Gigabit Ethernet ports: 1 x Intel® I210-AT and 1 x Intel® I219-LM( support iAMT11), Realtek ALC262 HD Audio, expansion slots come with 1 x SIM slot and 2 x Mini-PCIe(Card 2 support mSATA). DC +9 ~ 24V wide power range supported. About COMMELL COMMELL is a leading supplier of Single Board Computers and focuses on developing the most advanced and reliable IPC products. In addition to promise our customers constantly stay ahead of this competitive business, we are always in search of disruptive & incremental sustaining innovation. We treat every of our customer as partner and provide the best services and total support. The combination of innovation, superior quality, and excellent services will ensure both Taiwan Commate Computer Inc., and our customers always have the competitive edge in the computer world. For further information about COMMELL is available at www.commell.com.tw Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Thu, 17 Nov 2016 10:03:53 +0000
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 53-57 We set you thinking Saturday 19 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Bersih leaders, opposition figures detained in pre-rally swoop 1479457860 Singapore Good Shepherd Loft facing closure over breach of safety regulations 1479477480 World France asks coalition to launch offensive to surround Raqqa: government spokesman 1479489583 World Fillon, the man who might surprise in France's presidential race 1479489266 World Myanmar rejects reports army killed Rohingya fleeing Rakhine conflict 1479489207 Business Novartis backs off from 2016 date for testing Google autofocus lens 1479488344 World Far from Mosul, Islamic State close to defeat in Libya's Sirte 1479487178 Business Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online 1479488612 World Iraqi troops expand foothold in Mosul as IS pledges more suicide attacks 1479481934 Business Abercrombie, Gap forecasts signal tough holiday quarter for retailers 1479488514 World Race wide open as France ticks down to presidential primaries 1479489466 World Pacific rim leaders debate future of trade after Trump win 1479488546 World Iraqi forces struggle to tell friend from foe in Mosul street battle 1479413065 World Trump and NATO chief hold phone call, agree on alliance's importance 1479488148 World U.S. pushes for U.N. to blacklist South Sudan's Machar, Malong 1479487701 Business China files appeal in U.S. anti-dumping case: WTO 1479487684 Business Mexico's market carnage spawns buying opportunities, investors say 1479487376 Business Wall Street slips; indexes still near record highs 1479486043 World NATO says 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance 1479464858 Lifestyle 2017 health and fitness trends to jump into now 1479486060 Singapore The Big Read: Despite much fretting about jobs, lots of vacancies go a-begging 1479486360 World Chile's President Bachelet again reshuffles cabinet 1479484138 World Turkish ruling party sparks uproar with sexual abuse bill 1479484810 World Battle for Aleppo escalates, U.N. sees 'bleak moment' 1479485089 World Minister's arrest leaves Russian officials asking: Who's next? 1479484362 Business U.S. tentatively blocks expansion of American Airlines-Qantas alliance 1479484549 World Venezuela frees jailed politician, opposition seeks more releases 1479485367 World Trump effect hammers Renzi's referendum hopes, Italian pollsters say 1479485578 World U.N. says Syria's Aleppo faces 'bleak moment', all aid convoys blocked 1479484591 Business Fed's Bullard leaning toward supporting December rate hike 1479485254 Business Oil down on firmer dollar, set for weekly gain on OPEC hopes 1479485687 Singapore Eight Big Splash tenants offered lease extensions 1479484573 World Macedonian prosecutor investigates secret police over tapping of 4,000 phones 1479483294 World Tensions boil over in overcrowded Greek migrant camp 1479480439 Business Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power 1479481824 World Thousands of Indonesians expected to rally against rising intolerance 1479465554 World Aleppo convoy 'war crime' could go to Security Council: deputy U.N. chief 1479483428 World Malaysia arrests pro-democracy leader ahead of anti-PM rally 1479483617 Business Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs 1479482009 World U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks 1479483428 Singapore Govt watching economy closely, will step in if necessary 1479483372 World India's move to curb black money a 'disaster' for rural women, activists say 1479479491 World Zimbabwean anti-government activists shot at, beaten, abducted 1479480229 World UK's May tells Germany: Brexit preparations are 'on track' 1479479437 World Venezuela rejoins global anti-'blood diamonds' group 1479480075 World Oman's Sultan Qaboos makes first public appearance in nearly a year 1479480338 Business Fantasy sports arch rivals DraftKings, FanDuel to merge 1479479950 Business Exclusive: Glencore seeks $550 million to raise stakes in Kurdish oil game 1479479685 World Social media’s globe-shaking power 1479481884 Business Trump opens doors for China in Latin America: Bloomberg View 1479481884 Business Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, September 8, 2016 Updated: 8:10 AM, September 8, 2016 Intel Corp <INTC.O> said it would spin out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for $3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at $4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for $7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The deal ends a failed effort by Intel to stake out a major position in the computer security business. At the time of the acquisition, Intel spoke of integrating McAfee security technology into its chips, but little came of those plans. Intel executives at the time also said they hoped the acquisition would give it a piece of the emerging business of protecting corporations from sophisticated espionage, but newer players such as Mandiant, now a unit of FireEye <FEYE.O>, came to dominate that business. At the same time, PC growth slowed, eroding the traditional McAfee customer base’s potential. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. McAfee’s founder, John McAfee, was for a time on the run from a murder investigation in Belize and is a pariah in the industry. He recently sued Intel to get back the right to use his name. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. TPG, which is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in the company, first approached Intel’s board about a potential transaction for McAfee around a year ago, sources familiar with the matter said. TPG also led a $120 million investment round for security startup Tanium last year and was the lead investor in a $100 million funding round in internet security firm Zscaler. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall street stocks lifted by data, earnings Yellen remarks Wall Street slips; indexes still near record highs Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks Inside Today World France asks coalition to launch offensive to surround Raqqa: government spokesman Race wide open as France ticks down to presidential primaries Fillon, the man who might surprise in France's presidential race Myanmar rejects reports army killed Rohingya fleeing Rakhine conflict Pacific rim leaders debate future of trade after Trump win Business Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Pacific rim leaders debate future of trade after Trump win Abercrombie, Gap forecasts signal tough holiday quarter for retailers Novartis backs off from 2016 date for testing Google autofocus lens China files appeal in U.S. anti-dumping case: WTO Sports Joseph Schooling is home, as packed week awaits From football’s whipping boys to regional heavyweights NZ surprises by hiring Scotsman as sevens coach Experienced defence the key in Lions’ Suzuki Cup bid Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Hacking Medical Security St Jude sues short-selling MedSec over pacemaker 'hack' report Defibrillator security saga will go to court 7 Sep 2016 at 22:00, Shaun Nichols Shaun Nichols Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ios, Apple, Fcc, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Chinese chap in the clink for trying to swap US Navy FPGAs with fakes to beat export ban RIP EarthLink, 1994–2016: From AOL killer to regional ISP's attic Teen in the dock on terror apologist charge for naming Wi-Fi network 'Daesh 21' Medical device maker St Jude has filed suit against a security startup that shorted its stock and publicized alleged flaws in its products for profit. Pacemaker supplier St Jude has sued both MedSec and investment research biz Muddy Waters in Minnesota, America, as well as three other individuals it says falsely reported serious vulnerabilities in its pacemakers and defibrillators. The allegations [PDF] include false advertising, false statements, conspiracy, and market manipulation. "We felt this lawsuit was the best course of action to make sure those looking to profit by trying to frighten patients and caregivers, and by circumventing appropriate and established channels for raising cybersecurity concerns, do not use this avenue to do so again,” St Jude president and CEO Michael Rousseau said in announcing the suit. "We believe this lawsuit is critical to the entire medical device ecosystem – from our patients who have our life saving devices, to the physicians and caregivers who care for them, to the responsible security researchers who help improve security, to the long-term St Jude Medical investors who incurred losses due to false accusations as part of a wrongful profit-making scheme." Muddy Waters and MedSec made headlines in August when they claimed to have discovered security vulnerabilities in St Jude's pacemaker and defibrillators that could be exploited by hackers to put patients' lives at risk. Rather than disclose the flaws to the manufacturer, the MedSec team instead went to investment house Muddy Waters and turned a tidy profit by short-selling St Jude's stock after its price dropped when they published their damning claims. Shortly after the MedSec and Muddy Waters report hit the markets, however, St Jude disputed the vulnerability claims and alleged the entire scheme had been made up to manipulate its stock price. "Our top priority is to reassure patients, caregivers and physicians who use our life-saving devices that we are committed to the security of our products, and to ensure patients and their doctors maintain ongoing access to the proven clinical benefits of remote monitoring," said St Jude vice president and chief medical officer Mark Carlson. "We decided to take this action because of the irresponsible manner in which these groups have acted." Experts at the University of Michigan also poured doubt on one claim by MedSec that St Jude's equipment is remotely brickable. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 18 Comments More from The Register Project Loon ready for Sri Lanka test Government in spectrum-for-cash deal to assess viability, tolerance for HappyHype! 4 Comments Sri Lanka braves monsoon with Loon broadband balloons Google scores whole-of-country deal for internet-over-windbags 4 Comments Muddying the waters of infosec: Cyber upstart, investors short medical biz – then reveal bugs Analysis Some sharks wear suits and ties 20 Comments Waters named HPE boss on his 40th b'day For absence of doubt, we mean birthday 4 Comments Microsoft sues US DoJ for right to squeal when Feds slurp your data Mad Nad and bad-ass Brad slam Sam in court thwart 15 Comments Microsoft tries, fails to crush 'gender bias' lawsuit brought by its own women engineers Redmond under fire for allegedly broken rating scheme 48 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Some! at! Yahoo! knew! about! mega-breach! as! early! as! 2014! Blood donors' privacy anaemic after Red Cross data breach Good luck securing 'things' when users assume 'stuff just works' Democralypse Now? US election first battle in new age of cyberwarfare You've been hacked. What are you liable for? Securing Office 365? There's always more you can do National Cyber Security Centre to shift UK to 'active' defence You call it 'hacking.' I call it 'investigation' Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Intel to spin out security unit, sell stake in business to TPG Intel Corp said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion in cash. Posted 08 Sep 2016 04:30 Updated 08 Sep 2016 05:05 The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Intel Corp said it would spin out its cybersecurity division, formerly known as McAfee, and sell a majority stake in it to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion in cash. TPG will own 51 percent of the new entity, valuing the entire company at US$4.2 billion including debt. Intel, which bought McAfee for US$7.7 billion in 2011, will retain a 49 percent stake in the business. The unit, rebranded as Intel Security Group in 2014, will revert to the McAfee brand name following the closing of the deal, expected in the second quarter of 2017. Chris Young, Intel Security's general manager, will be named chief executive of the new company. Intel Security's revenue rose 11 percent to US$1.1 billion through the first half of this year, the company said in a statement. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18872.08 -0.17%   S&P 500 ▲ 2182.73 -0.20%   Nasdaq ▲ 5325.68 -0.16%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -13/32 yield 2.351%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.49 0.15%   Euro ▲ 1.0589 -0.36%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet Tesla, SolarCity Merger Gets Shareholder Approval South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Personal Technology Nintendo NES Classic Edition Review: The Best Gadget Gift Since 1985 DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Salesforce Posts Rising Revenue, Lifts Outlook District Attorney’s Office Can’t Unlock 423 Apple Devices Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family What Will Happen to H-1B Skilled-Worker Visas Under Donald Trump? Intel Uses Acquired Chips to Drive Deep Learning AOL Will Lay Off Close to 500 Employees Intuit Sees Sales Rise on Increased Quickbook Subscribers Best Buy Gets Boost From Online Sales Facebook Says It Found More Miscalculated Metrics Russia Blocks LinkedIn Mazda CEO Says Electric Cars Coming in 2019 CMO Today: AT&amp;T Reads Trump Tea Leaves on Merger China Tencent’s Profit Jumps on Games Gains Personal Technology How to Win at Christmas Shopping: Don’t Just Trust Amazon Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Intel Agrees to Sell Majority Stake in Security Unit to TPG Deal values McAfee at about $4.2 billion, including debt By Dana Mattioli, Dana Mattioli The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDana Mattioli @DanaMattioli dana.mattioli@wsj.com Matt Jarzemsky and Don Clark Don Clark The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDon Clark @donal888 www.facebook.com/DonClark Don.Clark@wsj.com Updated Sept. 7, 2016 6:35 p.m. ET Intel Corp. agreed to sell a majority stake in its computer-security unit to private-equity firm TPG, partly reversing a five-year-old acquisition that has largely proved disappointing. TPG will take a 51% stake in the business in a deal that values it at $4.2 billion including debt, Intel said in a statement Wednesday confirming an earlier report in The Wall Street Journal. The business, recently called Intel Security, will use... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Wilson, Wyo.: The Priciest Town You Never Heard Of Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 Donald Trump's Long List for Secretary of State Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: The Democrats Double Down Opinion: What to Tell Your Children About Trump Trump, Ford and Kentucky Jobs: What’s Really Happening Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Researchers develop hardware component to boost core-to-core communications in CPUs By Shawn Knight on Sep 7, 2016, 6:00 AM TechSpot Researchers from North Carolina State University in collaboration with Intel have come up with a method that significantly boosts the communication between cores of a processor. Processors powering today’s computers and mobile devices rely on multiple cores that work together to tackle workloads. This is currently achieved by sending and receiving software commands between cores. While this method does work, it takes time which slows down a chip’s overall performance. Researchers at NC State knew they could do better. With help from Intel, the team created a new chip design that replaces the aforementioned software middleman with an integrated hardware solution that accelerates communication between cores. Yan Solihin, a professor of electrical and computer engineering at NC State and co-author of a paper on the matter, calls the approach the core-to-core communication acceleration framework (CAF). According to the professor, CAF improves communication performance by two to 12 times which translates to execution times – from start to finish – that are at least twice as fast. The magic behind the CAF design is a small device attached to the processor called a queue management device (QMD) that, in addition to keeping track of communication requests between cores, can perform simple computational functions. Because of this, it can accelerate some basic computational functions by up to 15 percent. Solihin said his team is currently looking to develop other on-chip devices that could accelerate additional multi-core computations. Their work will be presented in a paper titled, “CAF: Core to Core Communication Acceleration Framework” at the 25th Annual Conference on Parallel Architectures and Compilation Techniques in Israel on September 11. Related Reads Researchers build the world's first 1,000-core processor Researchers develop invisibility cloaking tech using readily available lenses Researchers develop ultra-fast light-based microprocessor 7 comments 195 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… HP Z2 Mini boasts workstation-class specs in a tiny package Kaby Lake desktop lineup may include an overclockable Core i3 EVGA patch prevents GeForce 10-series cards from going up in flames Popular 33 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 7 ... User Comments: 7 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 14 Getting 5.1 surround through S/PDIF 3.5mm jack 8 Rebuilding a PC 14 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Desktop PC News / Video: Hands-on with the modular HP Elite Slice and fabric-clad Pavilion Wave Video: Hands-on with the modular HP Elite Slice and fabric-clad Pavilion Wave by Michael Passingham 07 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments HP has launched a pair of new PCs that might be the most unusual desktops we’ve seen in months. The HP Elite Slice and the Pavilion Wave were unveiled at IFA 2016, where we were able to get a closer look. HP Pavilion Wave: It’s a PC that’s also a speaker The Pavilion Wave will divide opinion. Coated in quality fabric it looks like a high-end Bluetooth speaker, with the B&O branding on the front only adding to that feel. I think it’s supremely attractive and one of the best-looking compact desktops around, but TrustedReviews' Editor Evan Kypreos branded it a ‘piece of carpet’ and refused to change his stance. Mixed views. Related: Best gaming PC specs to build yourself At the top is a series of vents that both channel hot air from the components inside and the sound from the built-in speaker. From what I could hear, it sounded reasonably good, with even a bit of bass. I saw the device at a fairly busy event, so my impressions of the audio should be taken with a pinch of salt. There’s also a built-in microphone, so you won’t need extra peripherals on your desk beyond a keyboard, mouse and monitor. Inside there will be half-fat Intel Core i processors, either Core i3 or i5 chips with a T suffix, designed for smaller desktops with up to 16GB of DDR4 memory. There’ll also be the option of fitting an AMD Radeon R9 M470 GPU for modest gaming performance. It won’t power you to the latest games in Full HD, but it’ll definitely handle eSports titles. Related: Intel Core i explained On the rear you get a full set of ports, including two USB 3.0 connectors, a USB 3.1 Type-C, Gigabit Ethernet, an HDMI and DisplayPort as well as a power connector. On the front is another USB 3.0 port and a 3.5mm jack for headphones and external microphones. It’s no Mac Pro, but it won’t be priced like one either. Cost estimates seem to be in the region of £680 inc VAT for a base model, which is quite expensive, but considering the pleasing design and built-in speakers and mic, it doesn’t seem like a bad deal. HP Elite Slice: Stack 'em high(ish) The Elite Slice is a business-focused machine. It comes with a few different modules including a 360-degree speaker, a DVD drive and a VESA mount. It’s less ambitious than last year’s Acer Revo Build, but at least HP’s machine looks like it’s actually coming to market. It all connects via the USB-C standard, and once it's all snapped in place it feels very secure. The only way you’ll be able to disconnect the bits is by pulling on a firm clip at the base of each unit – something you’re unlikely to do by accident. There are three different versions of the top unit, which contain most of the Intel Core i-based innards. There’s one with no additions, one with a built-in microphone and conference call buttons (and Intel Unite conference call tech) for Skype, and a third option with wireless charging. Only the first two were available to look at on HP’s stand, so it remains to be seen when the wireless charging version will become available. The standard Elite Slice base unit will start at £500 for an Intel Core i3 model, while the Skype-specialised model will start at £649. There’s no pricing yet on the individual speaker or DVD drive modules. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
United States IBM® Site map IBM Learn Learn with our tutorials and training developerWorks provides tutorials, articles and other technical resources to help you grow your development skills on a wide variety of topics and products. Learn about a specific product or take a course and get certified. So, what do you want to learn about? Choose a topic Featured topics Mobile development Big data Cognitive computing Cloud Featured destinations Swift @ IBM developerWorks Open Architecture center developerWorks Premium Develop Develop with our trials & downloads Start developing with product trials, free downloads, and IBM Bluemix™ services. Sort by topic or product name and find everything we have to offer. View all downloads & trials Featured products Bluemix Websphere Application Server DB2 Express C MobileFirst Platform Foundation Featured destinations Swift @ IBM developerWorks Open Architecture center API Explorer Connect Find a community and connect Learn from the experts and share with other developers in one of our dev centers. Ask questions and get answers with dW answers. Search for local events in your area. All in developerWorks communities. View communities Featured Developer Centers Jazz.net IBM Cloud Analytics DEV Bluemix API Explorer Featured destinations Swift @ IBM developerWorks Open Architecture center developerWorks Premium IBM Blockchain Career Concierge dW Open Architecture Center Learn Linux Contents Introduction Mesos and Marathon Introduction to services Setting up a Mesos and Marathon cluster on OpenPOWER servers that are running RHEL Deploying an application through Marathon Connecting to a service deployed using the Marathon framework Connect Downloadable resources Comments Setting up a Mesos/Marathon cluster on RHEL 7.1 little endian Pradipta Banerjee Published on September 07, 2016 Mesos and Marathon Mesos is a distributed cluster manager that aims at improved resource usage by dynamically sharing resources among multiple tasks. Mesos provides a unified view of resources on all cluster nodes and seamless access to these resources in a manner similar to what an operating system kernel does for a single computer. Hence, Mesos is also called as the kernel for the data center. By using Mesos, you get a core for building data center applications and the main component of Mesos is a scalable two-phased scheduler. The following are the key components of a Mesos cluster manager: Master: A cluster manager that coordinates all the cluster operations. Multiple masters can be present to obtain high availability. Slaves (or the nodes): Cluster members where the tasks run. Frameworks: Actual tasks that run in the cluster. There are many existing frameworks that allow varied sets of applications and services to be deployed on a Mesos cluster manager. Refer to the Mesos Architecture for more information. The following section describes how to use the Marathon framework to deploy applications and services on Mesos. Availability The following table lists the location of the relevant packages for IBM PowerPC® Little Endian (ppc64le) platforms: Linux distribution Package location Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.X Unicamp Refer to the Unicamp repository at: http://ftp.unicamp.br/pub/ppc64el/rhel/7_1/misc_ppc64el/ Note: For other distributions on IBM Power®, you must build packages from source. Marathon Marathon is a framework that is used to run long-running applications or services on Mesos. These applications have high availability requirements, which means that Marathon can monitor and automatically restart the application instance in a failure and would be able to elastically scale the application. Marathon can run other frameworks, such as Hadoop, and itself. A typical Marathon usage workflow would be to run N number of instances of an application somewhere within the cluster, and each of the application instance requires one processor and 1 GB of memory. You can submit this request to Marathon that creates N number of Mesos tasks to run on the slaves. Marathon provides a Representational State Transfer (REST) API for starting, stopping, and scaling services. There is a browser-based GUI and also a command-line client. It can run in a highly available mode by running multiple Marathon instances. In this article, you can see how to deploy a service through Marathon and use the service in a sample application. The instructions that are mentioned here applies to both Intel® and IBM Power architecture (OpenPOWER) based servers. The service is a MySQL database service. At a high level, a Mesos/Marathon cluster is illustrated in the following figure: Figure 1. Mesos/Marathon cluster View image at full size Introduction to services A service is a self-contained, independently deployed and managed unit of functions. Service-oriented architectures (SOAs) and recently, microservice architectures, encourage applications to consist of loosely coupled services. More modern applications consist of multiple microservices, because they offer a number of advantages, such as code reuse, ease of scdefault port range of 31000 to 32000, use the followaling, independent failures, support for multiple platforms, flexibility in deployment, and greater agility. Mesos handles batch, real-time, and other processing frameworks, where operations typically take less time to complete. Enterprise infrastructure runs a lot of applications and services that take a longer time to complete and have different requirements than the data processing frameworks. These long-running services are critical for business and also consume a large portion of infrastructure resources. Hence, the ability to run services on Mesos is important. To run services at scale, the infrastructure needs to be able to support the following requirements: Deployment of a service can be complex if the service depends on other services and there are constraints about where the service can be deployed. Configuration management and packaging is about ensuring that all the dependencies for a service are met and the environment is configured properly for the service before the service starts. Service discovery and load balancing become important when multiple instances of a service are running. Service discovery answers the questions where there are the instances of a particular service running and load balancing is about deciding which instance a particular request should go to. After the service is deployed, it is important to do health monitoring of the service. Health monitoring information can be used to take further actions, such as scaling a service up or down, or relaunching the service on a failure. Availability requirement demands that the service needs to be available when there are high loads and failures. Setting up a Mesos and Marathon cluster on OpenPOWER servers that are running RHEL The following instructions describe how to set up a Mesos/Marathon cluster on OpenPOWER systems, such as, Tyan running RHEL little endian (LE). Installation and setup of Mesos master and Marathon Perform the following steps to install and set up Mesos master and Marathon. Add the Unicamp package repository. Ensure that the following repository is added to all the systems that are going to be part of the Mesos cluster (mesos-master and mesos-slaves): 	# cat > /etc/yum.repos.d/unicamp-misc.repo <<EOF
	[unicamp-misc]
	name=Unicamp Repo for Misc Packages
	baseurl=http://ftp.unicamp.br/pub/ppc64el/rhel/7_1/misc_ppc64el/
	enabled=1
	gpgcheck=0
	EOF Install the required packages by running the following command: 	# yum install mesos python-mesos zookeeper marathon Configure the Mesos master. Edit the /etc/sysconfig/mesos-master file and add the following information: MESOS_ip=MESOS_MASTER_IP
MESOS_ZK=zk://localhost:2181/mesos
MESOS_QUORUM=1 If the IP address of mesos-master is 192.168.122.31, the complete configuration file looks as shown in the following code:     # This file contains environment variables that are passed to mesos-master.
	# To get a description of all options run mesos-master --help; any option
	# supported as a command-line option is also supported as an environment
	# variable.
	# Some options you're likely to want to set:
	MESOS_log_dir=/var/log/mesos
	MESOS_work_dir=/var/run/mesos
	MESOS_port=5050
	
	# For isolated sandbox testing
	#MESOS_ip=127.0.0.1
	MESOS_ip=192.168.122.31
	MESOS_ZK=zk://localhost:2181/mesos
	MESOS_QUORUM=1 Restart ZooKeeper and mesos-master services by running the following command: 	# service zookeeper start
	# service mesos-master start Open the network ports. By default, mesos-master communicates on port 5050. Ensure that it ie following section, you can see how to deploy a s not blocked by a local firewall. If you are using firewalls, run the following commands to open a TCP port for the public zone: 	# firewall-cmd --zone=public --add-port=5050/tcp --permanent
	# firewall-cmd –reload Configure Marathon on the system by running the Mesos master. 	# cat >/etc/sysconfig/marathon<<EOF
	MARATHON_MASTER=zk://localhost:2181/mesos
	MARATHON_ZK=zk://localhost:2181/marathon
	MARATHON_TASK_LAUNCH_TIMEOUT=600000
	MESOS_NATIVE_JAVA_LIBRARY=/usr/lib64/libmesos.so.22
	MESOS_NATIVE_LIBRARY=/usr/lib64/libmesos.so.22
	EOF Start the marathon service by running the following command: 	# service marathon start Installation and setup of the Mesos slave Ensure that all Mesos slaves have the Docker setup configured. For more information about installing and configuring Docker on RHEL LE, refer to Docker for Linux on Power Systems. Install the required packages by running the following command: # yum install mesos python-mesos Configure Mesos slave. Edit the HOSTNAME variable in /etc/sysconfig/mesos-slave to point to the Mesos master IP, followed by setting the MESOS_EXECUTOR_REGISTRATION_TIMEOUT and MESOS_IP variables. For example, if the IP address of the mesos-master is 192.168.122.31 and that of the mesos-slave is 192.168.122.48, the configuration file looks as shown here: # This file contains environment variables that are passed to mesos-slave.
# To get a description of all options run mesos-slave --help; any option
# supported as a command-line option is also supported as an environment
# variable.
# The mesos master URL to contact. Should be host:port for
# non-ZooKeeper based masters, otherwise a zk:// or file:// URL.
MESOS_master=192.168.122.31:5050
MESOS_EXECUTOR_REGISTRATION_TIMEOUT=10mins
MESOS_IP=192.168.122.48
# For isolated sandbox testing
#MESOS_master=127.0.0.1:5050
# For a complete listing of options execute 'mesos-slave --help'
MESOS_log_dir=/var/log/mesos
MESOS_work_dir=/var/run/mesos
MESOS_containerizers=docker,mesos
# systemd cgroup integration
MESOS_isolation='cgroups/cpu,cgroups/mem'
MESOS_cgroups_root='system.slice/mesos-slave.service'
MESOS_cgroups_hierarchy=/sys/fs/cgroup Restart the mesos-slave service by running the following command: # service mesos-slave restart Open network ports. By default, mesos-slave communicates on port 5051. Ensure that it is not blocked by a local firewall. If you are using firewalls, run the following commands to open a TCP port for the public zone: 	# firewall-cmd --zone=public --add-port=5051/tcp -permanent
	# firewall-cmd -reload Marathon UI is accessible in the http://mesos_master_ip:8080 website. For example, if the IP address of mesos-master is 192.168.122.31, the Marathon UI link is accessible in the http://192.168.122.31:8080 website. Deploying an application through Marathon The source code is available in the https://github.com/bpradipt/docker-mysql.git website. The source code contains Docker files and related setup scripts to build the MySQL Docker image on both Intel and Power (ppc64le) systems. In the following examples, 192.168.122.48 is the IP address of the system that is running the Mesos server and Marathon. You can use the Marathon UI or the REST API directly to deploy an application. For example, the following commands deploy the application by using the REST API of Marathon: curl -X POST http://192.168.122.48:8080/v2/apps -d @mysqlcontainer.json -H "Content-type: application/json"
#cat mysqlcontainer.json
{
  "id": "mysql",
  "cpus": 0.5,
  "mem": 64.0,
  "instances": 1,
  "container": {
    "type": "DOCKER",
    "docker": {
      "image": "ppc64le/mysql",
      "network": "BRIDGE",
      "portMappings": [
        { "containerPort": 3306, "hostPort": 0, "servicePort": 0, "protocol": "tcp" }
      ]
    }
  },
  "env": {
     "MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD" : "password",
     "MYSQL_USER" : "test",
     "MYSQL_PASSWORD" : "test",
     "MYSQL_DB" : "BucketList"
   }
} A nonzero hostPort results in a random port being assigned. It is also possible to explicitly specify the hostPort value. Ensure that the ports that are specified in hostPort are included in some resource offers. For example, if the port ranges from 7000 to 8000 need to be used in addition to default port range of 31000 to 32000, use the following option: –resources="ports(*):[7000-8000, 31000-32000]" Connecting to a service deployed using the Marathon framework This section describes how to connect and use a service that is deployed through Marathon by using the MySQL service and use it in a sample web application. The source code is available from the https://github.com/bpradipt/sampleflaskapp.git website. The sample code has Docker files for both Intel and PowerPC LE (ppc64le) architecture. Connecting to a service by using Docker links After a service is deployed, you must discover and connect, that is link to the service from an application. A service in-turn can depend on another service. Hence, linking containers becomes important. When you are linking services by using Marathon, note the following points: Mesos/Marathon does not have a method to use a Docker link alias. Hence, if your application configuration depends on a link alias name, it would not work. For example, if the web application depends on a DB container and uses the environment variables with the DB link prefix (DB_PORT, DB_TCP_ADDR, and so on), ensure that the application configuration does not depend on a link alias prefix. The linked application and the service need to be deployed on the same host for them to communicate. Use the constraints parameter to deploy linked containers on the same node, as shown in the following example: 	$ curl -X POST -H "Content-type: application/json" localhost:8080/v2/apps -d '{
	   "id": "sleep-cluster",
	   "cmd": "sleep 60",
	   "instances": 3,
	   "constraints": [["hostname", "CLUSTER", "a.specific.node.com"]]
	}' To use the above code, start the mesos-slave with the hostname parameter, as shown in the following example: 	# mesos-slave --master=zk://192.168.122.48:2181/mesos --containerizers=docker,mesos --executor_registration_timeout=10mins --ip=192.168.122.253 --hostname=Ubuntu Starting linked container by using the Marathon API The setup is on an OpenPOWER (PowerPC architecture) based environment. However, you can use the same instructions for an Intel-based environment. Specify the target container name as a value to the link key. Additionally, use the constraints parameter to ensure that the new container gets deployed on the same host where the target container is running. curl -X POST http://192.168.122.48:8080/v2/apps -d @flaskcontainer.json -H "Content-type: application/json"
# cat flaskcontainer.json
{
  "id": "flaskappcontainer",
  "cpus": 0.5,
  "mem": 64.0,
  "instances": 1,
  "container": {
    "type": "DOCKER",
    "docker": {
      "image": "ppc64le/flaskapp",
      "network": "BRIDGE",
      "portMappings": [
        { "containerPort": 80, "hostPort": 0, "servicePort": 0, "protocol": "tcp" }
      ],
      "parameters": [
                { "key": "link", "value": "mesos-b81f9a21-3133-49de-acf6-988226eb6874-S18.5d3dcaa7-05c6-4a5b-af68-dba32b7d1835"}
            ]
    }
  },
  "constraints": [
                [ "hostname","CLUSTER","ubuntu" ]
              ]
} Using mesos-DNS for service discovery and connection The mesos-DNS creates application to IP address and port number mapping for each application running in a Mesos cluster. Mesos-DNS is available at the https://github.com/mesosphere/mesos-dns website. It requires the Go compiler and building it on any platform is straightforward if the Go compiler is available. A sample configuration file is included with the source itself and can be found in the https://github.com/mesosphere/mesos-dns/blob/master/config.json.sample website. The following is a sample configuration that was used for the setup: {
  "zk": "zk://192.168.122.48:2181/mesos",
  "masters": ["192.168.122.48:5050"],
  "refreshSeconds": 60,
  "ttl": 60,
  "domain": "mesos",
  "port": 53,
  "resolvers": ["8.8.8.8"],
  "timeout": 5,
  "listener": "0.0.0.0",
  "SOAMname": "ns1.mesos",
  "SOARname": "root.ns1.mesos",
  "SOARefresh": 60,
  "SOARetry":   600,
  "SOAExpire":  86400,
  "SOAMinttl": 60,
  "dnson": true,
  "httpon": true,
  "httpport": 8125,
  "externalon": true,
  "IPSources": ["netinfo", "mesos", "host"],
  "EnforceRFC952": false
} Where, zk is the location where ZooKeeper is running masters is the location where masters are running domain is the domain name for the Mesos cluster port is the Mesos DNS port listener is the IP that binds to mesos-dns resolver is the external DNS server httpport: port which will run mesos-dns HTTP API For more information about the mesos-DNS configuration parameters, refer to the Mesos-DNS Configuration Parameters website. You can either run the mesos-dns directory on any host or run it through the Marathon framework. For example: curl -X POST http://192.168.122.48:8080/v2/apps -d @mesos-dns.json -H "Content-type: application/json" This starts mesos-dns through Marathon. curl -X POST http://192.168.122.48:8080/v2/apps -d @mesos-dns.json -H "Content-type: application/json" This starts mesos-dns through Marathon. # cat mesos-dns.json
{
    "cmd": "<path>/mesos-dns -config=<path>/config.json",
    "cpus": 1.0,
    "mem": 1024,
    "id": "mesos-dns",
    "instances": 1,
} Use the following command to run mesos-dns directly on the host: # mesos-dns -v=1 -config=<path_to_config_json> Name the service using the following format: <service-name>.<framework>.<domain-name> Hence, the MySQL service DNS name would be mysql.marathon.mesos Mesos-DNS also creates DNS SRV record for the services. An SRV record associates a service name to a host name and an IP port. Mesos-DNS generates a DNS-SRV record for the service name as _task._protocol.framework.domain. Where: Task is the application/service that started (MysSQL in this case) Protocol is UDP or TCP, framework is Marathon or any other framework Domain is the cluster domain (Mesos in this case). This SRV record can be used by other Marathon applications to discover services. As an example, any application that requires MySQL service can look up the SRV record for _mysql_tcp.marathon.mesos # docker ps
CONTAINER ID IMAGE          COMMAND    CREATED       STATUS                PORTS                        NAMES
e227390bfb3d ppc64le/mysql "/setup.sh" 3 seconds ago Up Less than a second 0.0.0.0:31172->3306/tcp   mesos-fabb6e52-064a-425a-a501-330bc772cd55-S16.85fb3e7c-b2ca-412f-ac75-1ec314bee575
# dig _mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos -t SRV
; <<>> DiG 9.9.4-RedHat-9.9.4-29.el7 <<>> _mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos -t SRV
;; global options: +cmd
;; Got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 2126
;; flags: qr aa rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 1, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 1
;; QUESTION SECTION:
;_mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos. IN SRV
;; ANSWER SECTION:
_mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos. 60 IN SRV 0 0 31172 mysql-4huw5-s16.marathon.slave.mesos.
;; ADDITIONAL SECTION:
mysql-4huw5-s16.marathon.slave.mesos. 60 IN A 192.168.122.48
;; Query time: 1 msec
;; SERVER: 192.168.122.48#53(192.168.122.48)
;; WHEN: Mon Feb 08 14:27:38 IST 2016
;; MSG SIZE rcvd: 147 For more information on mesos-dns naming, see Service Naming. The following is an example Python code using the dnspython module to query the SRV record and retrieve the host and port required to access the service: import dns.resolver

a = dns.resolver.query("_mysql._tcp.marathon.mesos",dns.rdatatype.SRV)
for i in a.response.answer:
    for j in i.items:
        print j.target
        print j.port The following is the output in the example setup: mysql-4huw5-s16.marathon.slave.mesos.
31172 Thus, it can be inferred that the MySQL service is running on the slave with the host name, mysql-4huw5-s16.marathon.slave.mesos, and at port 31172. A similar logic can be directly incorporated into the application configuration, or the data can be used to set relevant environment variables required by the application configuration. For example, you can set MYSQL_TCP_ADDR and MYSQL_TCP_PORT to the values returned by target and port respectively. Connect The IBM Linux Technology Center (LTC) is a team of IBM open source software developers who work in cooperation with the Linux open source development community. The LTC serves as a center of technical competency for Linux. Connect with us. Follow us on TwitterJoin the communityRead my blog Downloadable resources PDF Comments Sign in or register to add and subscribe to comments. Subscribe me to comment notifications static.content.url=http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/js/artrating/ SITE_ID=1 Zone=Linux ArticleID=1036801 ArticleTitle=Setting up a Mesos/Marathon cluster on RHEL 7.1 little endian publish-date=09072016 developerWorks About Help Submit content RFE Community Report abuse Third-party notice Join Faculty Students Business Partners Select a language English 中文 日本語 Русский Português (Brasil) Español Việt Events dW TV Feeds Newsletters dW Answers dW Blog dW Premium Downloads dW Courses Contact Privacy Terms of use Accessibility Feedback Cookie Preferences
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums MSI Z170A Gaming M6 boasts a better USB 3.1 controller by Zak Killian  9:14 AM on September 7, 2016 As Intel and AMD move more and more chipset features onto their processors, motherboard vendors have faced growing challenges to separate themselves from the pack. MSI is looking to stand out by offering what it claims is "the fastest USB 3.1 solution on the market." Its upcoming Z170A Gaming M6 will integrate the ASMedia 2142 USB 3.1 controller, a new chip that MSI and ASMedia apparently worked together to create. That controller can talk over two lanes of PCIe 3.0 instead of the single lane of PCIe 3.0 or two lanes of PCIe 2.0 that powered the older ASMedia 1142 chip used on many boards until now. The fancy new USB controller doesn't provide the board with any extra ports. The Gaming M6 still comes with the usual pair of USB 3.1 Type-A and Type-C ports. MSI does say that the extra connectivity should improve performance when using both ports, though. Besides that fancy new USB controller, the board also offers "next-generation" Killer Networking hardware, although MSI apparently isn't ready to reveal details on exactly what hardware that might be. There's also no product page for the new board yet. Poring over the board image, we can see a pair of metal-reinforced PCIe x16 slots and a pair of M.2 slots, putting this board squarely in the high-midrange category of Z170 boards. MSI hasn't revealed pricing and availability for the Z170A Gaming M6 yet. Tags: Motherboards Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Snapchat Prepares for an IPO What you need to know Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More Get great deals this season My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Intel Plans To Buy Chip Startup -- WSJ September 07, 2016, 02:48:00 AM EDT By Dow Jones Business News Shutterstock photo By Don Clark and Joshua Jamerson Intel Corp. said it would acquire Movidius, a startup focusing on computer vision technology, in the Silicon Valley giant's latest bet on specialized chips for artificial-intelligence applications. Terms of the transaction weren't disclosed. The deal, subject to certain closing conditions, was announced in blog posts on Monday. The company was an early partner with Alphabet Inc.'s Google unit in Project Tango, an effort designed to build technology into smartphones to measure and map surrounding objects and interior spaces. Intel is seeking to move into new markets beyond the shrinking personal computer business, where sales of microprocessors are its largest source of revenue. The company, which failed to build a major business in chips for smartphones, has announced a series of moves to provide technology for drones, wearable devices and other connected gadgets associated with a trend called the Internet of Things. The company's offerings include RealSense, a combination of chips and 3-D camera technology that it plans to incorporate into a prototype virtual-reality headset called Project Alloy. Intel and Movidius said combining their efforts should spur significant advances in vision-related fields. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," wrote Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's new technology group. Rival Nvidia Corp. has a head start in some artificial-intelligence fields, adapting graphical processing chips that are best known for rendering images in videogames. Intel, whose microprocessors are the mainstay of most computers, has acknowledged that its general-purpose x86 design may not be sufficient for some artificial-intelligence jobs. Intel last month announced a deal to buy Nervana Systems Inc., a startup making artificial-intelligence chips and software, for undisclosed terms. The company also is promoting a specialized x86 variant known as Xeon Phi for use in server systems. Write to Don Clark at don.clark@wsj.com and Joshua Jamerson at joshua.jamerson@wsj.com 

  (END) Dow Jones Newswires
  09-07-160248ET
  Copyright (c) 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.
 This article appears in: Technology Referenced Symbols: INTC More from Dow Jones Business News Subscribe Intel Uses Acquired Chips to Drive Deep Learning Intel Uses Chips Acquired in Deal With Startup to Drive Deep Learning Intel Uses Chips Acquired in Deal With Startup to Drive Deep Learning Related stocks Articles Subscribe 3 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Selling 11/18/2016 12:40 PM Why Shares of Gap Inc. Slumped Today 11/18/2016 12:36 PM An Unexpected Way To Profit From Rate Hikes 11/18/2016 12:30 PM See headlines for INTC Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman Chief Executive Officer Russia Looks to Have Gained Two Allies Pimco Returns to Net Inflows, Boosting Allianz Shares -- 2nd Update As Cybercrime Rises, So Does Spending On Cyber Security EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. What You Need To Know Before You Buy An Infrastructure ETF View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced INTC 84% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.

  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Intel Makes Available New HD Graphics Driver - Get Version 20.19.15.4501 The new release adds 3 DVI/HDMI displays support on 6th Gen Sep 7, 2016 06:41 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Intel has made available a new version of its HD Graphics package, namely the 20.19.15.4501 driver, which adds Unify colors for different panels and support for 5K3K panel with content protection for both Overlay and non-Overlay drivers. In addition to that, the present update includes 6th-gen camera pipe Windows 7 support, allows 3 DVI/HDMI displays on 6th-gen processors and x2 DP mode for type-C systems, and implements a new LACE (Local Adaptive Contrast Enhancement) feature. Moreover, Intel also improves the DX12 performance for some benchmarks, allows selecting which outputs to be active when more compatible displays are available, and synchronizes the operating system and driver gamma values. Last but not least, build 4501 implements a fix in the OGL component to resolve TDR seen when running 3D-CAD application “FJICAD/SX,” enables Dithering for eDP, and removes the bug that prevented the display from switching back to LCD-only in certain situations. In terms of compatibility, the producer has provided 2 downloadable archives suitable for Windows 7, 8, 8.1, and 10 operating systems, one for each 32- and 64-bit architectures. Also, your configurations must include a 4th, 5th, or 6th generation supported CPU. With this in mind, download Intel HD Graphics Driver 20.19.15.4501, unzip and run the available setup file, perform a reboot upon completion, and enjoy these new changes. Also, check back with us as often as possible to stay “updated one minute ago.” #HD Graphics#Intel#Intel 4501#20.19.15.4501 reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news NVIDIA Makes Available Quadro Graphics Driver 369.26 - Update Now AMD Rolls Out Radeon Crimson Graphics Driver 16.8.3 Hotfix - Update Now NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Driver - Version 372.70 Intel Rolls Out New Beta HD Graphics Driver - Download Version 20.19.15.4474 Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers Accounts for Reselling Them - Update Hacker Breaks into Italian Government Website, 45,000 Users Exposed Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk Microsoft Replaces Command Prompt with PowerShell in Latest Windows 10 Build NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Hotfix Driver - Version 375.95 AMD Releases Radeon Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix - Download and Apply Now New Firmware Is Available for Sony PlayStation 4 Consoles - Get Version 4.06 Amazon Adds Alexa to Its Fire, Fire HD 8, and Fire HD 10 - Get Firmware 5.6.0    Intel 4501 adds support for Local Adaptive Contrast Enhancement New Apps WinSent Innocenti: Simple tool that helps you receive messages, notifications and alerts via Windows Messenger Service, and copy the messages to the clipboard or delete them Reflector: This easy to use application allows you to easily connect your iOS or Android device to the PC and use the AirPlay feature to stream content to your desktop Dbvisit Replicate: Create a duplicate for your Oracle database for backup or migration purpose with the help of this advanced and effective program Gwyddion: An efficient and reliable modular application designed specifically for SPM (scanning probe microscopy) data visualization and analysis Gus Tools: Turn ESD images of Windows 10 to ISO format, so that you may upgrade your computer to this operating system using a USB or a DVD Avira System SpeedUp: Clean junk files, repair registry errors, delete invalid keys, clean computer activity traces, and defragment your drives using this all-in-one tool POPcon PRO: Advanced program that helps you retrieve messages from POP3 mailboxes and deliver them to your Microsoft Exchange Server mailboxes using antispam, archive, antivirus engine, rule-based distribution and scheduled tasks Reader comments AMD Releases Radeon Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix - Download and Apply Now more on: Radeon 16.11.4 Hotfix i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Intel Data Center HPC Hardcore core-to-core comms core-alled into hardware Intel and boffins let cores talk among themselves without software mediation 7 Sep 2016 at 02:45, Richard Chirgwin Richard Chirgwin Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics NBN, Privacy, Security , Science, Google Recent Articles 'Oi! El Reg! Stop pretending Microsoft has a BSOD monopoly!' Printers now the least-secure things on the internet A nice long pub crawl is good for your health, if you stay on your feet Intel and boffins at the North Carolina State University have cooked up a framework that coordinates core-to-core communications in hardware rather than software. This work is important because to keep processing power scaling up, you want the overhead of multi-core computing processes to stay down. The CAF – core-to-core acceleration framework – will be presented at the ACM's 2016 International Conference on Parallel Architectures and Compilation later this month in Israel. The authors are working on solving the problems that arise using shared memory for core-to-core communications – cache misses, and loss of coherence. To get around this, the researchers put together a “queue management device” (QMD) which gets attached to the on-chip network. The QMD, the university explains in this canned statement, tracks communication requests between cores without needing queue management software. Different workloads put different loads on the queues – in their abstract, the boffins highlight pipelined packet processing as the kind of workload that suffers “significant” core-to-core communication overhead. The researchers claim between 2x and 12x performance improvement with their QMD. While its processing power is limited, the researchers say the QMD has enough to aggregate data from multiple cores, which helps more basic computational functions by “as much as 15 per cent”. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Developer outreach failed for WIndows Phone, Firefox OS and BlackBerry. It will work on Tizen why, exactly? 32 Comments Enter our developer competition to win fabulous prizes Samsung S6 Edge +, Galaxy Tab S2 and much more up for grabs Samsung spills beans on mystery username, password emails to devs Someone pressed the wrong button in portal redesign 16 Comments Samsung halts production of Galaxy Note 7 Stops throwing fuel on the fire 49 Comments Samsung to Galaxy Note 7 users: Turn it off. Now Phirebug phablet phreeze conphirmed as Samsung orders all sales and swaps stopped 56 Comments Samsung wants your exploding Galaxy Note 7. Have a new one instead Replacement programme for UK and Ireland 27 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Intel to Acquire Movidius in Bid to Boost Artificial Intelligence Portfolio Intel to Acquire Movidius in Bid to Boost Artificial Intelligence Portfolio Duration: 00:39s - Published: on September 6, 2016< > Embed Shares of Intel were higher Tuesday on word that it will acquire Movidius, a semiconductor startup. The terms of the agreement were not disclosed. The Wall Street Journal reports that the deal would boost Intel's artificial intelligence portfolio, as its looks to become a big player in that area. Movidius' customers include Alphabet and Lenovo Group, which use its technology in drones, security cameras, virtual reality headsets and other devices. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial IntelligenceSAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intel Corporation today announced a range of new products,... Business Wire 21 hours ago - Press Releases You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Jared Kushner Barack Obama Kanye West José Mourinho Current Topics Attorney General Jeff Sessions Fantasy Sports DraftKings And FanDuel Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Why You Could Soon Be Protected On The Road With a $5 Paper Helmet DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Who Will Run For President In 2020 - And Why Are So Many Looking To Hollywood? Blackberry's Last Encore.. And It's Got a Keyboard Further BREXIT Delays? Why The UK's EU Departure May Now Be Coming Even Later MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+


Freitag, 18. November | 19:02 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 0:00 | 07.09.2016 XPED Ltd (ASX:XPE) Company Update Xped Limited (ASX:XPE) (“Xped” or “the Company”) wishes to provide an update regarding Board and Management changes: Cancellation of Founders Vendor Performance Shares Xped vendors John Schultz and Chris Wood have agreed to cancel the existing 150m performance shares that were set to vest over 3 future milestones under the terms of the Heads of Agreement entered by the Company and vendors on 26 October 2016, for nil consideration, subject to obtaining all necessary ASX and shareholder approvals. The Company proposes to issue new performance shares with new targets to Mr Martin Despain, Mr Athan Lekkas and corporate advisor Seneca Financial Services under their various agreements as outlined below in order to see the value proposition of the Company be reached. Upon cancellation of the existing performance shares, the issue of the new performance shares will add no further dilution to existing shareholders. Managing Director Appointed to the Board The Company today announced that it has secured Mr Martin Despain as Managing Director to the board, effective from 19 September 2016. Most recently, Martin was General Manager, Smart Home Division, Internet of Things Group at Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) developing and implementing Intel’s IoT strategy and product offering for the home. A separate announcement released today provides more information regarding Mr Despain’s appointment. Chairman Performance Targets Since his time with Xped, the present CEO & Chairman, Athan Lekkas has been instrumental in securing international talented professionals to serve on the Board of Xped including Dr Wenjun Sheng and now Mr Martin Despain. Athan has extensive international networks and professional relationships across various industries and is proficient and versed in growing public companies in the small capital markets. Outside of leading and running organisations, Mr Lekkas has demonstrated the ability to secure funding and capital commitments from international and local funding institutions as and when required. Mr Lekkas identified and secured the Telink opportunity for Xped and established the close working relationship between the parties and wishes to see this grow further as the Company continues its development work with Telink. His skillset in mergers and acquisitions was recently shown when he identified the JCT Healthcare opportunity and managed the deal with JCT vendor for favourable outcome for all parties whilst seeking to add value to Xped shareholders by securing recurring revenue. In recognition of his continuing ability to lead, identify opportunities and see Xped recognised globally for its technology, the Company has agreed to incentivise Mr Lekkas through the issue of performance shares over a number of milestones that will establish and restore additional value to shareholders if the milestones are achieved. These milestones are itemised in the link below. Each performance share will convert into one fully paid ordinary share upon the relevant milestone being reached and are otherwise on terms consistent with the existing performance shares on issue. It is a condition of all milestones that Mr Lekkas remains engaged by the Company at the time of meeting the milestone. The issue of the performance shares is subject to the Company obtaining all necessary ASX and shareholder approvals. Corporate Advisor Appointment The Company has appointed Seneca Financial Services Pty Ltd (“Seneca”) as Corporate Advisors to the Company. Seneca has been appointed as the exclusive advisors to the Company. The Company has agreed to incentivise Seneca through the issue of options and performance shares over a number of milestones. These milestones for the performance shares are itemised in the link below. Each performance share will convert into one fully paid ordinary share upon the relevant milestone being reached and are otherwise on terms consistent with the existing performance shares on issue. The issue of the performance shares is subject to the Company obtaining all necessary ASX and shareholder approvals. The Company has also agreed to issue Seneca (or its nominees) 30 million unlisted options to subscribe for shares with an exercise price of 1.45 times the 5 day VWAP prior to issue, expiring 12 months from issue. The appointment of Seneca replaces previous agreements with Otsana Capital, EAS Advisors and KTM Capital which have now all ceased. In consideration for the termination of the mandate in place with KTM Capital and all ongoing obligations under the Mandate, Xped has agreed to issue 10 million fully paid ordinary shares to KTM Capital (or its nominees) for no cash consideration, which are to be subject to 12 months voluntary escrow. JCT variation and consideration payment Xped and JCT have agreed to vary the subsequent payment consideration under the Sale and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) previously entered. The agreement between both parties replaces the $1m of consideration shares with $500,000 cash and $500,000 of fully paid ordinary shares by way of 14 day VWAP prior to issue, to be issued in July 2017 subject to existing terms being met. The Company also wishes to advise that it has made a $250,000 cash payment to the JCT vendor on 5th September as per the terms of the SPA. The Company elected to pay cash instead of issuing fully paid ordinary shares for the consideration payment due. As announced on 19th April 2016, the acquisition of JCT would provide for immediate revenue for the Company. The unaudited revenue for JCT for the year ended 30 June 2016 (based on management accounts) was approximately $1.5m. The provided figure was prior to the acquisition of JCT by Xped occurring on 4th July 2016 and is not a guarantee of future performance. JCT believes that it is making positive progress in respect of the first milestone under the SPA ($3m revenue within 12 months of completion) and further updates will be provided as required in due course. Management Update The Company also wishes to advise that Mr John Stefanac who held the position of Head Asia has tendered his resignation to the Company and will cease his term with the Company no later than 30 November 2016. The board would like to wish Mr Stefanac all the very best for the future. Corporate Website Launch The Company is in the progress of releasing a new corporate website and has engaged IRM Pty Ltd to complete the work who are recognised for their online investor communications. The new website is expected to go live at the end of September and apart from a new theme and styling will incorporate better menu and content structure and improved investor engagement with news and alerts subscription service. To view tables, please visit: http://abnnewswire.net/lnk/QB52OT79 About XPED Ltd: XPED Ltd (ASX:XPE) has developed revolutionary and patent protected technology that allows any consumer, regardless of their technical capability, to connect, monitor and control devices and appliances found in our everyday environment. It’s as simple as two people shaking hands. By enabling the Internet of Things, Xped’s ADRC platform will bring benefit to Manufacturers, Retailers, Service Providers and Consumers. At Xped, we’re Making Technology Human Again. Contact: For Xped Inquiries: Company Secretary T: +61-3-9642-0655 E: info@xped.com www.xped.com Source: XPED Ltd Copyright (C) 2016 ABN Newswire. All rights reserved. Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 18:28 Uhr | 18.11.2016 EZB-Chefvolkswirt: Werden ... 18:21 Uhr | 18.11.2016 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Stellenabbau ... 18:13 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Aktien Europa Schluss: Verluste - ... 18:11 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Mexikos Notenbank: 'Trump ist kein ... 18:10 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Aktien Frankfurt Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
